=== XYL_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors". During the fourth quarter of 2025, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined that the estimated fair values of our goodwill reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeded their respective carrying values. As a result, no impairments were recognized. However, future goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests could result in a charge to earnings. We will continue to evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter and whenever events and changes in circumstances require us to do so. Post-retirement Benefit Plans. Company employees around the world participate in numerous defined benefit plans. The determination of projected benefit obligations and the recognition of expenses related to these plans are dependent on various assumptions. These assumptions primarily relate to discount rates, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, mortality, years of service and other factors. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized on a straight-line basis only to the extent they exceed 10% of the higher of the market-related value or projected benefit obligation, over the average remaining service period of active plan participants, or for plans with all or substantially all inactive participants, over the average remaining life expectancy. Significant Assumptions Management develops each assumption using relevant Company experience, in conjunction with market-related data for each individual country in which such plans exist. All assumptions are reviewed annually with third-party consultants and are adjusted as necessary. The table below provides the weighted average assumptions used to estimate our defined benefit pension obligations and costs as of and for the years ended 2025 and 2024. 2025 2024 U.S. Int l U.S. Int l Benefit Obligation Assumptions Discount rate 5.42 % 3.95 % 5.65 % 3.62 % Rate of future compensation increase NM 2.87 % NM 2.85 % Net Periodic Benefit Cost Assumptions Discount rate 5.65 % 3.62 % 5.00 % 3.55 % Expected long-term return on plan assets 6.00 % 5.58 % 6.00 % 5.78 % Rate of future compensation increase NM 2.85 % NM 2.87 % NM Not meaningful. The pension benefits for future service for all the U.S. pension plans are based on years of service and not impacted by future compensation increases. We determine the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by evaluating both historical returns and estimates of future returns. Specifically, the Company analyzes the estimated future returns based on independent estimates of asset class returns and evaluates historical broad market returns over long-term timeframes based on the strategic asset allocation, which is detailed in Note 16, Post-retirement Benefit Plans of the consolidated financial statements. For the recognition of net periodic pension cost, the calculation of the expected return on plan assets is generally derived by applying the expected long-term rate of return to the market-related value of plan assets. The market-related value of plan assets is based on average asset values at the measurement date over the last five years. The use of fair value, rather than a calculated value, could materially affect net periodic pension cost. The weighted average expected long-term rate of return for all of our plan assets to be used in determining net periodic benefit 51 costs for 2026 is estimated at 5.55%. We estimate that every 25 basis point change in the expected return on plan assets impacts the expense by less than $1 million. The discount rate reflects our expectation of the present value of expected future cash payments for benefits at the measurement date. A decrease in the discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations and increases pension expense. We base the discount rate assumption on current investment yields of high-quality fixed income investments during the retirement benefits maturity period. The pension discount rate was determined by considering an interest rate yield curve comprising AAA/AA bonds, with maturities between zero and 30 years, developed by the plan s actuaries. Annual benefit payments are then discounted to present value using this yield curve to develop a single-point discount rate matching the plan s characteristics. Our weighted average discount rate for all pension plans effective January 1, 2026, is 4.19%. We estimate that every 25 basis point change in the discount rate impacts the expense by less than $1 million. The rate of future compensation increase assumption reflects our long-term actual experience and future and near-term outlook. Effective January 1, 2026, our expected rate of future compensation increase is 2.98% for all pension plans. The estimated impact of a 25 basis point change in the expected rate of future compensation is less than $1 million. We currently anticipate making contributions to our pension and post-retirement benefit plans in the range of $19 million to $25 million during 2026. Approximately $6 million of contributions are expected to be made in the first quarter. Funded Status Funded status is derived by subtracting the respective year-end values of the projected benefit obligations from the fair value of plan assets. We estimate that every 25 basis point change in the discount rate impacts the funded status by approximately $12 million. Fair Value of Plan Assets The plan assets of our pension plans comprise a broad range of investments, including domestic and foreign equity securities, interests in hedge funds, fixed income investments, insurance contracts, and cash and cash equivalents. A portion of our pension benefit plan assets portfolio comprises investments in hedge funds that are generally measured at net asset value. However, in certain instances, the values reported by the asset managers were not current at the measurement date. Accordingly, we made estimate adjustments to the last reported value where necessary to measure the assets at fair value at the measurement date. These adjustments consider information received from the asset managers, as well as general market information. The adjustment recorded at December 31, 2025 and 2024 for these assets represented less than 1% of total plan assets in each respective year. Asset values for other positions were generally measured using market observable prices. We estimate that a 5.00% change in asset values will impact funded status by approximately $12 million. New Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2, Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements, of the consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 2026 Business Outlook We anticipate total revenue growth of 1% to 3% in 2026, with organic revenue growth anticipated to be in the range of 2% to 4%. Our outlook reflects our current visibility and expectations based on the current market environment and other factors. Our ability to meet our expectations is subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to, those described in "Item 1A. Risk Factors." 52 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to market risk, primarily related to foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. These exposures are actively monitored by management. Our exposure to foreign exchange rate risk is due to certain costs, revenue and borrowings being denominated in currencies other than one of our subsidiaries' functional currency. Similarly, we are exposed to market risk as a result of changes in interest rates which may affect the cost of our financing. It is our policy and practice to use derivative financial instruments only to the extent necessary to manage exposures. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk Approximately 42% of our 2025 revenues were from customers in various locations outside the U.S. Our economic foreign currency risk primarily relates to receipts from customers, payments to suppliers and intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies. We may use derivative financial instruments to offset risk related to receipts from customers and payments to suppliers, when it is believed that the exposure will not be limited by our normal operating and financing activities. We enter into currency forward contracts periodically in order to manage the exchange rate fluctuation risk on certain intercompany transactions associated with third-party sales and purchases. These risks are also mitigated by natural hedges including the presence of manufacturing facilities outside the U.S., global sourcing and other spending which occurs in foreign countries. Our principal foreign currency transaction exposures primarily relate to the Euro, Swedish Krona, Canadian Dollar, Polish Zloty, British Pound and Australian Dollar. We estimate that a hypothetical 10% movement in foreign currency exchange rates would not have a material economic impact to Xylem s financial position and results of operations. Additionally, we are subject to foreign exchange translation risk due to changes in the value of foreign currencies in relation to our reporting currency, the U.S. Dollar. The translation risk is primarily concentrated in the exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar and the Euro, Canadian Dollar, British Pound, Chinese Yuan, Swedish Krona and Indian Rupee. As the U.S. Dollar strengthens against other currencies in which we transact business, revenue and income will generally be negatively impacted, and if the U.S. Dollar weakens, revenue and income will generally be positively impacted. We expect to continue to generate significant revenue from non-U.S. operations and we expect the cash generated from that revenue to be predominately held by our foreign subsidiaries. We expect to manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. We may transfer cash from certain international subsidiaries to the U.S. and other international subsidiaries when it is cost effective to do so, though we continually review our domestic and foreign cash profile, expected future cash generation and investment opportunities and reassess whether there is a need to repatriate funds held internationally to support our U.S. operations. We also hedge our investment in certain foreign subsidiaries via the use of cross-currency swaps. Accordingly, we estimate that a 10% movement of the U.S. Dollar to various foreign currency exchange rates we translate from, in aggregate would not have a material economic impact on our financial position and results of operations. Interest Rate Risk As of December 31, 2025, our long-term debt portfolio is primarily comprised of four series of fixed-rate senior notes that total approximately $1.9 billion. The senior notes are not exposed to interest rate risk as the bonds are at a fixed rate until maturity. In addition to the senior notes, we also have $27 million in equipment financings with fixed interest rates. Our debt portfolio also includes $21 million in variable rate short-term loans, however, we estimate that a 1% movement in interest rates would not have a material economic impact on our financial position and results of operations. Based on the current interest rate market we do not anticipate material risk associated with our debt refinancing within the target time frame of maturity. Commodity Price Exposures For a discussion of risks relating to commodity prices, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 53 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page No. Audited Consolidated Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34 ) 55 Consolidated Income Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 57 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 58 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 59 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 60 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 61 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements: Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 62 Note 2 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 70 Note 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures 71 Note 4 Revenue 75 Note 5 Restructuring and Asset Impairment Charges 77 Note 6 Other Non-Operating Income, Net 80 Note 7 Income Taxes 80 Note 8 Earnings Per Share 86 Note 9 Inventories 86 Note 10 Property, Plant and Equipment 87 Note 11 Leases 87 Note 12 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 89 Note 13 Derivative Financial Instruments 91 Note 14 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 93 Note 15 Credit Facilities and Debt 94 Note 16 Post-retirement Benefit Plans 97 Note 17 Share-Based Compensation Plans 103 Note 18 Capital Stock 106 Note 19 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 107 Note 20 Commitment and Contingencies 108 Note 21 Segment and Geographic Data 109 Note 22 Redeemable Non-controlling Interests 112 54 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Xylem Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Xylem Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 25, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Goodwill Annual impairment test for one Reporting Unit within Water Solutions and Services Segment Refer to Note 12 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The goodwill balance was $8.3 billion as of December 31, 2025, of which $2.5 billion related to one reporting unit within the Water Solutions and Services segment. The fair value of the Company s reporting units exceeded their carrying value as of the 2025 measurement date and, therefore, no impairment was recognized. To determine the fair value of the Company s reporting units, the Company used an average of fair values derived from the income and market approaches. Under the income approach, the fair value of the reporting units was based on the discounted value of the estimated cash flows that the reporting unit is expected to generate. Projections were based on management s estimates of revenue growth rates and the selection of the discount rate, taking into consideration industry and market conditions. The discount rate was based on the weighted average cost of capital appropriate for the reporting units. The determination of fair value using the market approach requires management to make significant assumptions related to market multiples of earnings derived from comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting units. 55 We identified the Company s goodwill impairment assessment for $2.5 billion of goodwill related to one reporting unit within the Water Solutions and Services segment as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit, because the performance of audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the selection of the discount rate, forecasts of future revenue and the multiples of earnings for the market approach all required a high degree of auditor judgment, and because of an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to forecasts of future revenue, selection of the discount rate, and selection of the multiples in the market approach for one reporting unit within the Water Solutions and Services segment included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of the reporting unit, such as controls related to management s forecasts of future revenue and the selection of the discount rate for the income approach, and determination of multiples of earnings for the market approach. We assessed the reasonableness of management s revenue forecasts by comparing the projections to historical results and certain peer companies and information included in industry reports. With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology, (2) discount rate, (3) long-term revenue growth rate, including testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate and long-term revenue growth rate, testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management and (4) the multiples of earnings in the market approach, including testing the underlying source information and mathematical accuracy of the calculations. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Stamford, Connecticut February 25, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2010. 56 XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (In Millions, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Revenue from products $ 7,472 $ 7,095 $ 6,291 Revenue from services 1,563 1,467 1,073 Revenue 9,035 8,562 7,364 Cost of revenue from products 4,459 4,250 3,817 Cost of revenue from services 1,101 1,100 830 Cost of revenue 5,560 5,350 4,647 Gross profit 3,475 3,212 2,717 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,923 1,911 1,757 Research and development expenses 226 230 232 Restructuring and asset impairment charges 103 62 76 Operating income 1,223 1,009 652 Interest expense ( 29 ) ( 44 ) ( 49 ) Gain on remeasurement of previously held equity interest 152 Other non-operating income, net 18 16 33 Loss on sale of businesses ( 31 ) ( 46 ) ( 1 ) Income before taxes 1,181 1,087 635 Income tax expense ( 231 ) ( 197 ) ( 26 ) Net income $ 950 $ 890 $ 609 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 7 Net income attributable to Xylem $ 957 $ 890 $ 609 Earnings per share: Basic $ 3.93 $ 3.67 $ 2.81 Diluted $ 3.92 $ 3.65 $ 2.79 Weighted average number of shares: Basic 243.4 242.6 217.0 Diluted 244.0 243.5 218.2 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 57 XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In Millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net income $ 950 $ 890 $ 609 Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment 123 ( 157 ) ( 45 ) Amount of currency translation adjustment relating to divestiture of foreign subsidiaries reclassified into net income 8 Net change in derivative hedge agreements: Unrealized gain (loss) 35 ( 17 ) ( 2 ) Amount of (gain) loss reclassified into net income ( 9 ) 2 7 Net change in post-retirement benefit plans: Net gain (loss) 21 23 ( 35 ) Amortization of prior service credit ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 2 ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) into net income 2 2 ( 2 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ( 2 ) 3 ( 2 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax 177 ( 146 ) ( 81 ) Income tax (benefit) expense related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) ( 75 ) 20 ( 38 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 252 ( 166 ) ( 43 ) Comprehensive income $ 1,202 $ 724 $ 566 Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest $ ( 30 ) $ $ Comprehensive income attributable to Xylem $ 1,172 $ 724 $ 566 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 58 XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In Millions) December 31, 2025 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,479 $ 1,121 Receivables, less allowances for discounts, returns and credit losses of $ 68 and $ 59 in 2025 and 2024, respectively 1,759 1,668 Inventories 983 996 Prepaid and other current assets 244 236 Assets held for sale 176 77 Total current assets 4,641 4,098 Property, plant and equipment, net 1,159 1,152 Goodwill 8,332 7,980 Other intangible assets, net 2,272 2,379 Other non-current assets 1,230 884 Total assets $ 17,634 $ 16,493 LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST, AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 1,013 $ 1,006 Accrued and other current liabilities 1,237 1,271 Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt 534 38 Liabilities held for sale 72 21 Total current liabilities 2,856 2,336 Long-term debt, net 1,408 1,978 Accrued post-retirement benefit obligations 317 304 Deferred income tax liabilities 405 497 Other non-current accrued liabilities 899 496 Total liabilities 5,885 5,611 Commitment and Contingencies (Note 20) Redeemable non-controlling interest 258 235 Stockholders equity: Common stock par value $ 0.01 per share: Authorized 750.0 shares, issued 259.9 and 259.2 shares in 2025 and 2024, respectively 3 3 Capital in excess of par value 8,759 8,687 Retained earnings 3,706 3,140 Treasury stock at cost 16.3 shares and 16.2 shares in 2025 and 2024, respectively ( 768 ) ( 753 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 220 ) ( 435 ) Total stockholders equity 11,480 10,642 Non-controlling interest 11 5 Total equity 11,491 10,647 Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interest, and stockholders equity $ 17,634 $ 16,493 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 59 XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In Millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income $ 950 $ 890 $ 609 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 267 258 193 Amortization 308 304 243 Deferred income taxes ( 35 ) ( 36 ) ( 79 ) Share-based compensation 53 56 60 Restructuring and asset impairment charges 103 62 76 Loss from sale of businesses 31 46 1 Gain on remeasurement of previously held equity interest ( 152 ) Other, net 5 4 Payments for restructuring ( 82 ) ( 32 ) ( 30 ) Contributions to post-retirement benefit plans ( 26 ) ( 25 ) ( 25 ) Changes in assets and liabilities (net of acquisitions): Changes in receivables ( 55 ) ( 107 ) ( 87 ) Changes in inventories 23 ( 41 ) 41 Changes in accounts payable ( 22 ) 64 22 Changes in accrued liabilities ( 69 ) 17 ( 4 ) Changes in accrued and deferred taxes 14 ( 109 ) Changes in long term receivables ( 146 ) ( 37 ) 1 Net changes in other assets and liabilities ( 64 ) ( 22 ) ( 75 ) Net Cash Operating activities 1,241 1,263 837 Investing Activities Capital expenditures ( 331 ) ( 321 ) ( 271 ) Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment 17 4 1 Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ( 163 ) ( 193 ) ( 476 ) Proceeds from sale of businesses, net of cash disposed 49 11 105 Cash received from investments 8 6 1 Cash paid for investments ( 49 ) ( 17 ) ( 58 ) Cash received from interest rate swaps 38 Cash received from cross-currency swaps 35 29 28 Cash paid for asset acquisition ( 37 ) Other, net ( 1 ) 4 Net Cash Investing activities ( 471 ) ( 482 ) ( 628 ) Financing Activities Short-term debt issued, net 1 Short-term debt repaid ( 268 ) Long-term debt issued, net 1 278 Long-term debt repaid, net ( 82 ) ( 17 ) ( 160 ) Repurchase of common stock ( 15 ) ( 20 ) ( 25 ) Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 20 67 62 Dividends paid ( 391 ) ( 350 ) ( 299 ) Other, net ( 34 ) ( 28 ) ( 13 ) Net Cash Financing activities ( 501 ) ( 615 ) ( 157 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 90 ( 53 ) 23 Increase in cash classified within assets held for sale ( 12 ) ( 11 ) Decrease in cash classified within assets held for sale 11 Cash classified within assets held for sale ( 1 ) ( 11 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 358 102 75 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 1,121 1,019 944 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 1,479 $ 1,121 $ 1,019 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the year for: Interest $ 61 $ 67 $ 69 Income taxes (net of refunds received) $ 267 $ 219 $ 211 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 60 XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In Millions, except per share amounts) Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Non-Controlling Interest Total Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 2 $ 2,134 $ 2,292 $ ( 226 ) $ ( 708 ) $ 9 $ 3,503 Net income attributable to Xylem 609 609 Other comprehensive (loss) income, net ( 43 ) ( 43 ) Other Activity 1 1 Issuance of Common Stock 1 6,120 6,121 Issuance of replacement equity 160 160 Dividends declared ($ 1.32 per share) ( 300 ) ( 300 ) Stock incentive plan activity 150 ( 25 ) 125 Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 3 $ 8,564 $ 2,601 $ ( 269 ) $ ( 733 ) $ 10 $ 10,176 Net income attributable to Xylem 890 890 Other comprehensive (loss) income, net ( 166 ) ( 166 ) Other activity ( 4 ) ( 4 ) Dividends declared ($ 1.44 per share) ( 351 ) ( 351 ) Stock incentive plan activity 125 ( 20 ) 105 Distributions to minority shareholders ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Acquisition activity ( 2 ) ( 2 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 $ 3 $ 8,687 $ 3,140 $ ( 435 ) $ ( 753 ) $ 5 $ 10,647 Net income attributable to Xylem 957 957 Other comprehensive income (loss), net 215 7 222 Other activity 1 1 Dividends declared ($ 1.60 per share) ( 391 ) ( 391 ) Stock incentive plan activity 72 ( 15 ) 57 Distributions to minority shareholders ( 2 ) ( 2 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 $ 3 $ 8,759 $ 3,706 $ ( 220 ) $ ( 768 ) $ 11 $ 11,491 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 61 XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Xylem Inc. ( Xylem or the Company ) is a leading global water technology company. We design, manufacture and service engineered products and solutions across a wide variety of critical applications primarily in the water sector. Our broad portfolio of products, services and solutions addresses customer needs of scarcity, resilience, quality, and affordability across the water cycle, from the delivery, treatment, measurement and use of drinking water, to the collection, testing, analysis and treatment of wastewater, to the return of water to the environment. Xylem operates in four segments, Water Infrastructure, Applied Water, Measurement and Control Solutions and Water Solutions and Services. See Note 21, "Segment and Geographic Data," for further segment background information. Hereinafter, except as otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, Xylem, we, us, our and the Company refer to Xylem Inc. and its subsidiaries. Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements reflect our financial position and results of operations in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). All intercompany transactions between our businesses have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been conformed to the current year presentation. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates are revised as additional information becomes available. Estimates and assumptions are used for, but not limited to, post-retirement obligations and assets, revenue recognition, income taxes, fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, valuation of intangible assets, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment testing and contingent liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Consolidation Principles We consolidate companies in which we have a controlling financial interest or when Xylem is considered the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. We account for investments under the equity method in companies over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence but do not hold a controlling financial interest, and we record our proportionate share of income or losses in the Consolidated Income Statements. Equity method investments are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate the investment may be other than temporarily impaired. This requires significant judgment, including an assessment of the investee s financial condition, the possibility of subsequent rounds of financing, and the investee s historical and projected results of operations. If the actual results of operations for the investee are significantly different from projections, we may incur future charges for the impairment of these investments. Foreign Currency Translation The national currencies of our foreign companies are generally the functional currencies. Balance sheet accounts are translated at the exchange rate in effect at the end of each period; income statement accounts are translated at the average rates of exchange prevailing during the period. Gains and losses on foreign currency translations are reflected in the cumulative translation adjustments component of stockholders equity. Net gains or losses from foreign currency transactions are reported currently in selling, general and administrative expenses. Revenue Recognition Xylem recognizes revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which it expects to be entitled for providing those goods and services. For each arrangement with a customer, we identify the contract and the associated performance obligations within the contract, determine the transaction price of that contract, allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation and recognize revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied. 62 The satisfaction of performance obligations in a contract is based upon when the customer obtains control over the asset. Depending on the nature of the performance obligation, control transfers either at a particular point in time, or over time, which determines the pattern of revenue recognition. For product sales, other than long-term construction-type contracts, we recognize revenue once control has passed at a point in time, which is generally when products are shipped. In instances where contractual terms include a provision for customer acceptance, revenue is recognized when either (i) we have previously demonstrated that the product meets the specified criteria based on either seller or customer-specified objective criteria or (ii) upon formal acceptance received from the customer where the product has not been previously demonstrated to meet customer-specified objective criteria. We recognize revenue on product sales to channel partners, including resellers, distributors or value-added solution providers, at the point in time when control is transferred which is determined based on when the risks and rewards, possession, and title have transferred to the customer, which usually occurs at the point of delivery. Service revenue is primarily related to outsourced water services, maintenance, repair, preventive and inspection services, software as a service ("SaaS") subscriptions, and spare parts sales related to these service offerings. Revenue from performance obligations related to services is primarily recognized over time, as the performance obligations are satisfied. In these instances, the customer consumes the benefit of the service as Xylem performs. Certain businesses also enter into long-term construction-type sales contracts where revenue is recognized over time. In these instances, revenue is recognized using a measure of progress that applies an input method based on costs incurred in relation to total estimated costs. We also recognize revenue for certain of these arrangements using the output method and measure progress based on shipments of product where control has transferred to the customer. If shipping and handling activities are performed after a customer obtains control of a good, we account for the shipping and handling activities as activities to fulfill a promise to transfer a good. Shipping and handling related costs are accrued as revenue is recognized. For all contracts with customers, we determine the transaction price in the arrangement and allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation identified in the contract. Judgment is required to determine the appropriate unit of account, and we separate the performance obligations if they are capable of being distinct and are distinct within the context of the contract. We base our allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations on the relative stand-alone selling prices for the goods or services contained in a particular performance obligation. The stand-alone selling prices are determined first by reference to observable prices. In the event observable prices are not available, we estimate the stand-alone selling price by maximizing observable inputs and applying an adjusted market assessment approach, expected cost plus margin approach, or a residual approach in limited situations. Revenue in these instances is recognized on individual performance obligations within the same contract as they are satisfied. The transaction price is adjusted for our estimate of variable consideration which may include a right of return, discounts, rebates, penalties, retainage, and warranties. To estimate variable consideration, we apply the expected value or the most likely amount method, based on whichever method most appropriately predicts the amount of consideration we expect to receive. The method applied is typically based on historical experience and known trends. We limit the amounts of variable consideration that are included in the transaction price, to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur or when uncertainties around the variable consideration are resolved. We exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and collected from a customer, for example sales, use, value added and some excise taxes. For all contracts with customers, payment received for our products and services may not necessarily follow the same pattern of revenue recognition to which it relates and are dictated by the terms and conditions of our contracts with customers. Payments received for product sales typically occur following delivery and the satisfaction of the performance obligations based upon the terms outlined in the contracts. Payments received for services typically occur following the services being rendered. For long-term construction-type projects, payments are typically made throughout the contract as progress is made. In limited situations, contracts with customers include financing components where payment terms exceed one year; however, we believe that the financing effects are not significant to Xylem. In addition, we apply a practical expedient and do not adjust the promised amount of consideration in a contract for the effects of significant 63 financing components when we expect payment terms to be one year or less from the time the goods or services are transferred until ultimate payment. We offer standard warranties for our products to enable compliance with agreed-upon specifications in our contracts. Standard warranties do not give rise to performance obligations and represent assurance-type warranties. In certain instances, product warranty terms are adjusted to account for the specific nature of the contract. In these instances, we assess the warranties to determine whether they represent service-type warranties, and should be accounted for as a separate performance obligation in the contract. Costs to obtain a contract include incremental costs that the Company has incurred that it expects to recover. Incremental costs only include costs that the Company would not have incurred had the contract not been obtained. Costs that would have been incurred regardless of whether or not the contract was obtained are expensed as incurred, unless they are explicitly chargeable to the customer whether or not the contract is obtained. Costs to obtain contracts are capitalized when incurred, and are then amortized in a manner that is consistent with the pattern of transfer of the related goods or services provided in the contract. The Company elects to apply the practical expedient to expense costs to obtain contracts when the associated amortization period of those costs would be one year or less. Shipping and Handling Costs Shipping and handling costs are recorded as a component of cost of revenue. Share-Based Compensation Share-based awards issued to employees include non-qualified stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units. Share-based awards issued to members of the Board of Directors include restricted stock units. Compensation costs resulting from share-based payment transactions are recognized primarily at fair value over the requisite service period (typically three years ), on a straight-line basis, within selling, general and administrative expenses. The measurement of calculated compensation cost includes an adjustment for estimated forfeiture rate. The fair value of a non-qualified stock option is determined on the date of grant using a binomial lattice pricing model incorporating multiple and variable assumptions over time, including assumptions such as employee exercise patterns, stock price volatility and changes in dividends. The fair value of restricted stock unit awards is determined using the closing price of our common stock on date of grant. The fair value of Return on Invested Capital ("ROIC"), Revenue, adjusted EBITDA and Earnings Per Share ("EPS") performance share units at 100 % target is determined using the closing price of our common stock on date of grant. The calculated compensation cost is adjusted based on an estimate of awards ultimately expected to vest due to our assessment of the probable outcome of the performance condition. The fair value of Total Shareholder Return ("TSR") performance share units is calculated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model utilizing several key assumptions, including expected Company and peer company share price volatility, correlation coefficients between peers, the risk-free rate of return, the expected dividend yield and other award design features. Research and Development We conduct research and development activities, which consist primarily of the development of new products, product applications, and manufacturing processes. To the extent these activities involve developing software that is sold to our customers, we capitalize the applicable development costs. All other research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Exit and Disposal Costs We periodically initiate management-approved restructuring activities to achieve cost savings through reduced operational redundancies and to position ourselves strategically in the market in response to prevailing economic conditions and associated customer demand. Costs associated with restructuring actions can include severance, acceleration of share-based compensation expense due to "double trigger" change in control provisions, infrastructure charges to vacate facilities or consolidate operations, contract termination costs and other related charges. For involuntary separation plans, a liability is recognized when it is probable and reasonably estimable. For voluntary separation plans, a liability is recognized when the employee irrevocably accepts the voluntary termination. For one-time termination benefits, such as additional severance pay or benefit payouts and other exit costs, the liability is measured and recognized initially at fair value in the period in which the liability is incurred, with subsequent changes to the liability recognized as adjustments in the period of change. 64 Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs represent costs incurred in conjunction with our debt financing activities and are capitalized in long-term debt and amortized over the life of the related financing arrangements. If the debt is retired early, the related unamortized deferred financing costs are recorded within the results of operations under the caption interest expense in the period the debt is retired. Income Taxes Income taxes are calculated using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, applying enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the differences will reverse. We maintain valuation allowances when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred asset will not be realized. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, we consider all positive and negative evidence and all sources of taxable income such as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carryback and carryforward periods and tax strategies to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to realize the deferred tax asset. The assessment of the adequacy of our valuation allowance is based on our estimates of taxable income by jurisdiction in which we operate and the period over which our deferred tax assets will be recoverable. If actual results differ from these estimates, or we adjust these estimates in future periods for current trends or expected changes in our estimating assumptions, we may need to modify the level of valuation allowance that could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have recorded net foreign withholding taxes and state income taxes on earnings that are expected to be repatriated to the U.S. parent. We have not recorded any deferred taxes on the amounts that the Company currently does not intend to repatriate. The determination of deferred taxes on this amount is not practicable. Tax benefits are recognized for an uncertain tax position when, based on the technical merits of the position it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority or upon completion of the litigation process. For a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the tax benefit is measured as the largest amount that is judged to have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. The liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances and when new information becomes available. Such adjustments are recognized in the period in which they are identified. The effective tax rate includes the net impact of changes in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and subsequent adjustments as considered appropriate by management. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, we believe our liability for unrecognized tax benefits is adequate. We classify interest relating to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of other non-operating (expense) income, net and tax penalties as a component of income tax expense in our Consolidated Income Statements. Earnings Per Share We present two calculations of EPS. Basic EPS equals net income divided by weighted average shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS equals net income divided by the sum of weighted average common shares outstanding during the period plus potentially dilutive shares. Potentially dilutive common shares that are anti-dilutive are excluded from diluted EPS. Cash Equivalents We consider all liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses and Discounts Receivables are primarily comprised of uncollected amounts owed to us from transactions with customers and are presented net of allowances for credit losses, returns and early payment discounts. We determine our allowance for credit losses using a combination of factors to reduce our trade receivable balances to the net amount expected to be collected. We maintain an allowance for credit losses based on a variety of factors, including the length of time receivables were past due, macro-economic trends and conditions, significant one-time events, historical experience, and current and future expectations of economic conditions. In addition, we record an allowance for individual accounts when we become aware of specific customer circumstances, such as in the case of bankruptcy filings or deterioration in the customer s operating results or financial position. The past due or delinquency status of a receivable is based on the contractual payment terms of the receivable. If circumstances 65 related to the specific customer change, we adjust estimates of the recoverability of receivables as appropriate. We determine our allowance for early payment discounts primarily based on historical experience with customers. Credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is generally diversified due to the large number of entities comprising our customer base and their dispersion across many different geographical regions. We evaluate the financial condition of our third-party distributors, resellers and other customers and require collateral, such as letters of credit and bank guarantees, in certain circumstances. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we do not have any significant concentrations of credit risk related to accounts receivable. Inventories Inventories, which include the costs of material, labor and overhead, are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Estimated losses from obsolete and slow-moving inventories are recorded to reduce inventory values to their estimated net realizable value. Our manufacturing operations recognize costs of sales using standard costs with full overhead absorption, which generally approximates actual cost. Property, Plant and Equipment These assets are recorded at historical cost and are depreciated using the straight-line method of depreciation over the estimated useful lives as follows: Estimated Life Buildings and improvements 5 to 40 years Machinery and equipment 2 to 10 years Furniture and fixtures 3 to 7 years Equipment held for lease or rental 2 to 16 years Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their estimated useful life or the term of the lease. Costs related to maintenance and repairs that do not prolong the assets' useful lives are expensed as incurred. Leases We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. We have recorded right of use ( ROU ) assets and liabilities for lease arrangements that are reasonably certain to extend beyond 12 months. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments under the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The implicit rate within our leases is generally not determinable, and we use our incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date to determine the net present value of lease payments. The determination of the appropriate incremental borrowing rate requires judgment. We determine the appropriate incremental borrowing rate for each lease using our current borrowing rate, adjusted for various factors including geographic region, level of collateralization and term, to align with the term of the underlying lease. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Many of our leases are subject to payment adjustments to reflect annual changes in price indexes, such as the Consumer Price Index. While associated lease liabilities are not re-measured as a result of changes in the applicable price indexes, changes to required lease payments are treated as variable lease payments and recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments was incurred. Leases with a lease term of 12 months or less, including renewal options that are reasonably certain to be exercised, that also do not include an option to purchase the underlying asset that is reasonably certain of exercise, are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Instead, lease payments for these leases are recognized as a lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We elected the package of practical expedients, which among other things, does not require reassessment of lease classification. Additionally, we have made an accounting policy election whereby we chose not to separate non-lease components from lease components in agreements in all leases which we are the lessee. In addition to manufacturing and selling equipment, we also lease equipment to customers in exchange for consideration. These arrangements are generally short term in nature and predominantly involve the rental of pumps and accessories within the Water Solutions and Services segment. Short term rental arrangements generally do not provide the customer the right to purchase the equipment as Xylem s strategy is to rent these items over their useful lives. Customers may be billed based on daily, weekly or monthly rates depending on the expected rental period. We assessed that these arrangements constitute a lease under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 842, Leases, and have recognized them as operating leases. In situations where arrangements contain both the 66 sale of products and a leasing component, contract consideration is allocated based on relative standalone selling price. The Company also generates revenue through the lease of its water treatment equipment and systems to customers within the Water Solutions and Services segment. At the time of contract inception, the Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease. These contracts generally contain both lease and non-lease components, including installation, maintenance, and monitoring services of the Company-owned equipment. In situations where arrangements contain multiple elements, contract consideration is allocated based on relative standalone selling price. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill represents purchase consideration paid in a business combination that exceeds the values assigned to the net assets of acquired businesses. Intangible assets include customer relationships, proprietary technology, brands and trademarks, patents, software and other intangible assets. Intangible assets with a finite life are amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated economic useful life which ranges from 1 to 40 years and is included in cost of revenue or selling, general and administrative expenses. Certain of our intangible assets, namely certain brands and trademarks, as well as FCC licenses, have an indefinite life and are not amortized. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but rather are tested for impairment annually (or more frequently if impairment indicators arise, such as changes to the reporting unit structure, significant adverse changes in the business or business climate or an adverse action or assessment by a regulator). See Note 12, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for changes to the reporting unit structure and impairment analysis performed during the year ending December 31, 2025. We conduct our annual impairment testing as of the beginning of the fourth quarter. To test goodwill for impairment, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that reporting unit. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then an impairment charge is recognized for that excess up to the amount of recorded goodwill. In assessing goodwill for impairment, we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using both the income approach and market approach. Weighting is equally attributed to both the market and income approaches in arriving at the fair value of the reporting units. To determine the reasonableness of the calculated fair values, we review the assumptions to ensure that neither the income approach nor the market approach yielded significantly different valuations. We estimate the fair value of our intangible assets with indefinite lives using either the income approach or the market approach. Under the income approach, we calculate fair value based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. Under the market approach, we calculate fair value based on recent sales and selling prices of similar assets. Long-Lived Asset Impairment Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, are amortized and tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of long-lived assets based on the undiscounted future cash flow the assets are expected to generate and recognize an impairment loss when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the asset, if any, are less than the carrying value of the asset. When an impairment is identified, we reduce the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flow approach or, when available and appropriate, to comparable market values. Product Warranties For assurance-type warranties, we accrue for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized and record it as a component of cost of revenue. Our product warranty liability reflects our best estimate of probable liability under the terms and conditions of our product warranties offered to customers. We estimate the liability based on our standard warranty terms, the historical frequency of claims and the cost to replace or repair our products under warranty. Factors that impact our warranty liability include the number of units sold, the length of warranty term, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims and cost per claim. We also record a warranty liability for specific matters. We assess the adequacy of our recorded warranty liabilities quarterly and adjust amounts as necessary. For service-type warranties (i.e. non-standard warranties) costs incurred to fulfill the extended or service warranty are recognized/recorded as the costs are incurred. 67 Post-retirement Benefit Plans The determination of defined benefit pension and post-retirement plan obligations and their associated costs requires the use of actuarial computations to estimate participant plan benefits to which the employees will be entitled. The assumptions primarily relate to discount rates, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, mortality, years of service and other factors. We develop each assumption using relevant company experience in conjunction with market-related data for each individual country in which such plans exist. All actuarial assumptions are reviewed annually with third-party consultants and adjusted as necessary. For the recognition of net periodic post-retirement cost, the calculation of the expected return on plan assets is generally derived by applying the expected long-term rate of return on the market-related value of plan assets. The market-related value of plan assets is based on average asset values at the measurement date over the last five years. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized on a straight-line basis only to the extent they exceed 10% of the higher of the market-related value or the projected benefit obligation, over the average remaining service period of active participants, or for plans with all or substantially all inactive participants, over the average remaining life expectancy. The fair value of plan assets is determined based on market prices or estimated fair value at the measurement date. We consider changes to a plan s benefit formula that eliminate the accrual for future service but continue to allow for future salary increases (i.e. soft freeze ) to be a curtailment. Business Combinations We allocate the purchase price of acquisitions to the tangible and intangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and non-controlling interests in the acquiree based on their estimated fair value at the acquisition date. The excess of the acquisition price over those estimated fair values is recorded as goodwill. Changes to the acquisition date provisional fair values prior to the expiration of the measurement period, a period not to exceed 12 months from date of acquisition, are recorded as an adjustment to the associated goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses and restructuring costs, if any, are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. Assets Held for Sale A ssets and liabilities are identified as held for sale when they meet the held for sale criteria per ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment. Depreciation and amortization are not recorded for assets that are classified as held for sale. When an asset group meets the held for sale criteria, the lower of its carrying value or fair value less costs to sell is reclassified into assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale lines on the consolidated balance sheet, where it remains until it is either sold or it no longer meets the held for sale criteria. Derivative Financial Instruments We record all derivatives on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on whether we have elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, including forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. We may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to hedge certain risks economically, even though hedge accounting does not apply or we elect not to apply hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of foreign exchange risk are recorded in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ("OCI/L") and are subsequently reclassified into either revenue or cost of revenue (hedge of sales classified into revenue and hedge of purchases classified into cost of revenue) in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Our policy is to de-designate cash flow hedges at the time forecasted transactions are recognized as assets or liabilities on a business unit s balance sheet and report subsequent changes in fair value through selling, general and administrative expenses where the gain or loss due to movements in currency rates on the underlying asset or liability is revalued. If it becomes probable that the originally forecasted transaction will not occur, the gain or loss related to the hedge recorded within Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ("AOCL") is immediately recognized into net income. 68 Effectiveness of derivatives designated as net investment hedges is assessed using the spot method. The changes in the fair value of these derivatives due to movements in spot exchange rates are recorded in OCI/L. Changes in fair value of the derivatives designated and the associated income tax effects in AOCL are reclassified into earnings at the time the hedged net investment is sold or substantially liquidated. Furthermore, we recognize interest income based on the interest rate differential embedded in the derivative instrument. Commitments and Contingencies We record accruals for commitments and loss contingencies for those which are both probable and for which the amount can be reasonably estimated. In addition, legal fees are accrued for cases where a loss is probable and the related fees can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount of loss. We review these accruals quarterly and adjust the accruals to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other current information. Accruals for environmental matters are recorded on a site-by-site basis when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, based on current law and existing technologies. Our estimated liability is reduced to reflect the anticipated participation of other potentially responsible parties in those instances where it is probable that such parties are legally responsible and financially capable of paying their respective shares of the relevant costs. These accruals are reviewed quarterly and are adjusted as assessment and remediation efforts progress, or as additional technical or legal information becomes available. Actual costs to be incurred at identified sites in future periods may vary from the estimates, given inherent uncertainties in evaluating environmental exposures. Accruals for environmental liabilities are primarily included in other non-current liabilities at undiscounted amounts. Concentrations of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, derivative contracts and accounts receivable from trade customers. We maintain cash and cash equivalents and derivative contracts with various financial institutions. These financial institutions are located in many different geographical regions, and our policy is designed to limit exposure with any one institution. As part of our cash and risk management processes, we perform periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of the financial institutions. We have not sustained any material credit losses during the previous three years from instruments held at financial institutions. We may utilize forward contracts to protect against the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. Such contracts involve the risk of non-performance by the counterparty. Credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is generally diversified due to the large number of entities comprising our customer base and their dispersion across many different industries and geographic regions. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of the financial condition of our third-party distributors, resellers and other customers and require collateral, such as letters of credit and bank guarantees, in certain circumstances. Substantially all of the cash and cash equivalents, including foreign cash balances, at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were uninsured. Foreign cash balances at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $ 1,034 million and $ 741 million, respectively. Fair Value Measurements We determine fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We use a hierarchical structure to prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels defined as follows: Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices (in non-active markets or in active markets for similar assets or liabilities), inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy is based on maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Classification within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Certain investments which measure fair value using the net asset value ( NAV ) per share practical expedient are not classified within the fair value hierarchy and are separately disclosed. 69 Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest Non-controlling interest that is redeemable upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the issuer is classified as mezzanine equity in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Initial measurement is at acquisition date fair value and subsequent measurement is at the greater of the carrying value or the redemption value. For redeemable non-controlling interests measured at the redemption value, changes in the redemption value are recognized immediately as they occur and the carrying amount of the redeemable non-controlling interest is adjusted at the end of each reporting period. This method views the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the instrument. Increases or decreases in the estimated redemption amount are recorded with corresponding adjustments against equity and are reflected in the computation of earnings per share. Note 2. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-06, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software . This ASU amends the capitalization criteria for internal-use software and requires entities to make certain disclosure of costs capitalized under this subtopic. This ASU also supersedes existing guidance on web site development costs. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods, with early adoption permitted. Prospective, retrospective, or modified transition adoption methods are all permitted under this ASU. We are currently evaluating the impact and method of adoption of this amendment. In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-05, "Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets". This update provides a practical expedient that allows entities to assume current conditions as of the balance sheet date remain unchanged over the remaining life of certain current trade receivables and current contract assets when developing reasonable and supportable forecasts in estimating expected credit losses. We plan to adopt ASU 2025-05 effective January 1, 2026 and elect the practical expedient for applicable trade receivables and contract assets on a prospective basis. Adoption of the standard is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2024-03, "Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses". This ASU requires a footnote disclosure to disaggregate each relevant expense caption on the face of the income statement that includes specific natural expense categories. In addition, the standard requires disclosure of selling expenses on an annual and interim basis. The standard is effective in annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The standard is required to be adopted prospectively, but retrospective adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the method of adoption and the impacts of the guidance on our disclosures in future periods. Recently Adopted Pronouncements In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures". The ASU is intended to improve income tax disclosure requirements, primarily through additional disclosures about a reporting entity s effective tax rate reconciliations as well as information on income taxes paid. The standard became effective for Xylem for the annual reporting period beginning January 1, 2025, which we adopted prospectively. The disclosures related to our adoption of the amendment are included in Note 7, "Income Taxes." 70 Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures 2025 Asset Acquisition Vacom Systems, LLC At the beginning of the second quarter, we acquired Vacom Systems, LLC ("Vacom"), a wastewater treatment company that specializes in non-fouling, non-scaling evaporator and crystallizer systems, headquartered in Utah, U.S. The transaction has a total cash consideration of $ 42 million, of which $ 37 million was paid at closing. The remaining cash consideration will be paid over the next 12 to 18 months, subject to working capital and other customary adjustments. Additionally, the transaction consideration contained an earn out of 5 % royalty on future revenue generated in connection with Vacom's proprietary technologies during the first five years following the acquisition. The earn out has a maximum pay out of $ 25 million. The Vacom transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition because substantially all of the fair value of gross assets acquired were concentrated in its developed technology. On the acquisition date, the developed technology recognized in the condensed consolidated balance sheet is $ 49 million. The developed technology has a useful life of 15 years and will be amortized over its useful life on a straight-line basis within the Water Solutions and Services segment. 2025 Business Combination Pac Machine On December 2, 2025, we acquired Pac Machine Company ("Pac Machine"), a leading distributor specializing in the sale, rental and service of pumps, generators, and other dewatering equipment for mining, construction, agriculture, energy and marine sectors. The acquisition strengthens the Company's presence in Northern California and Nevada, while providing synergy opportunities. The total fair value of consideration transferred was $ 63 million ($ 59 million net of cash), of which $ 54 million ($ 50 million, net of cash) was paid at closing. The remaining consideration of $ 9 million will be paid over the next four years , subject to working capital and other customary adjustments. As a result of purchase price allocation, we provisionally recognized $ 19 million of intangible assets, and $ 34 million of goodwill, subject to future measurement period adjustments. Our consolidated financial statements include Pac Machine's results of operations within the Water Solutions and Services segment. EMX Holdings, Inc. On July 23, 2025, we acquired 100 % ownership interest in EMX Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary ("EnviroMix"). EnviroMix is headquartered in South Carolina, U.S., and provides mixing and process control products and services to municipal and industrial customers. This acquisition expands the Company's treatment offerings and provides synergy opportunities. The operating results of EnviroMix have been included in the Company's results of operations since the acquisition date within the Water Infrastructure segment. The total fair value of consideration transferred was $ 106 million, which was paid in cash on closing date, subject to final closing working capital and other ordinary adjustments. The fair value of assets and liabilities acquired resulting from the preliminary purchase price allocation consisted primarily of $ 76 million in goodwill and $ 34 million for customer relationships and other identifiable intangible assets. The preliminary estimates of fair value of EnviroMix s identifiable intangible assets were valued using the multi-period excess earnings method ( MEEM ), the relief from royalty ( RFR ) method, or the with and without method, all of which are forms of the income approach. The amount of goodwill recognized in the acquisition is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes and is primarily attributable to management know-how and costs and revenue synergies expected from combining the operations of EnviroMix with Xylem. The final determination of the fair value of certain assets and liabilities will be completed as soon as the necessary information becomes available but no later than one year from the acquisition date. Pro forma results of operations have not been included as the acquisition of EnviroMix was not material to our results of operations for any periods presented. Simply Clean Air and Water, Inc. On January 31, 2025, we acquired Simply Clean Air and Water, Inc. ("Simply Clean"), a water service company that specializes in high-purity water systems for life sciences and pharmaceutical markets, for the net cash acquisition price of $ 7 million. The company is headquartered in Connecticut, U.S. with 20 employees. Our consolidated financial statements include Simply Clean's results of operations within the Water Solutions and Services segment. 71 2025 Divestiture On February 7, 2025, we completed the divestiture of our previously held for sale Evoqua Magneto business, which was part of the Water Infrastructure segment, for a cash selling price of $ 61 million ($ 48 million, net of cash transferred). As a result of the sale, we recorded an additional loss of $ 8 million, reflecting the impact of the final working capital adjustment. The loss is presented on our Consolidated Income Statements within "Loss on sale of businesses" in the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company also completed certain other divestitures, which generated aggregate cash proceeds of approximately $ 1 million. 2025 Assets Held For Sale On September 27, 2025, the Company signed an agreement to sell the international metering business, a part of the Measurement and Control Solutions segment, within one year. The international metering business offers a portfolio of water and heat meters for residential, commercial, and industrial applications. As a result, assets and liabilities of the business were reclassified as held for sale. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded a loss on assets held for sale of $ 23 million because the carrying value of the international metering business is greater than its estimated fair value less its cost to sell. The loss is presented within "Loss on sale of businesses" on our Consolidated Income Statements. 2024 Business Combination Global Omnium Idrica, S.L. On April 26, 2023, we acquired a 25.1 % equity interest in Global Omnium Idrica S.L. ( Idrica ), a global company specializing in digital transformation for the water industry, offering innovative services and technological solutions for comprehensive water cycle management for $ 51 million. In connection with the transaction, the Company was granted the right to purchase a majority interest in Idrica from the joint venture partner at a fixed price. The investment was accounted for as an equity method investment as the Company had significant influence but did not have control over Idrica. On December 10, 2024, we acquired an additional 35.9 % equity interest in Idrica for $ 154 million ($ 150 million, net of cash received) by exercising our call right and now hold an aggregate ownership interest of 61.0 % in Idrica. This was accounted for as a step acquisition where the Company has applied the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations ( ASC 805 ). The fair value of our call right was included within the fair value of previously held equity interest and recognized as part of the consideration transferred and the gain on remeasurement of our call right was also included in the gain on remeasurement of previously held equity interest (as discussed below). The Company recognized assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair value as of the date of acquisition, with the excess purchase consideration recorded to goodwill. The total fair value of consideration transferred was $ 637 million, which includes cash paid to Idrica, the remeasurement to fair value of our previously held equity interest, the fair value of the redeemable non-controlling interest, and the settlement of a preexisting contractual relationship between the Company and Idrica. This relationship related to a distribution agreement which the Company had previously recognized in other non-current assets. The acquisition-date fair value of the consideration consisted of the following: (in millions) Fair Value of Purchase Consideration Cash paid $ 154 Fair value of previously held equity interest 193 Fair value of redeemable non-controlling interest 237 Settlement of preexisting relationship 53 Total $ 637 The Company remeasured its previously held 25.1 % equity interest in Idrica immediately prior to the completion of the acquisition to its estimated fair value of approximately $ 193 million. This fair value was derived by using the discounted cash flow method of the income approach, which considers future cash flows that are discounted to present value at a rate of return commensurate with the business and financial risks associated with the expected achievement of the projected cash flows. As a result of the remeasurement of its previously held equity interest, the Company recognized a gain of approximately $ 152 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. The gain reflects the excess 72 of the estimated fair value of $ 193 million for the Company s previously held 25.1 % equity interest over its carrying value of approximately $ 41 million. The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed from Idrica: (in millions) Fair Value Cash and cash equivalents $ 4 Receivables 5 Prepaid and other current assets 7 Goodwill 520 Other intangible assets, net 165 Other non-current assets 15 Accounts payable ( 8 ) Accrued and other current liabilities ( 5 ) Short term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt ( 16 ) Long term debt ( 7 ) Deferred income tax liabilities ( 40 ) Other non-current accrued liabilities ( 3 ) Total $ 637 The above fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were determined using the income and cost approaches. Our revenue and net loss attributable to the Idrica acquisition for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were not material. The $ 520 million of goodwill recognized, which is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes, is primarily attributable to costs and revenue synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the operations of Idrica with Xylem. Identifiable Intangible Assets Acquired The following table summarizes key information underlying identifiable intangible assets related to the Idrica acquisition: (in millions) Useful Life (in years)(a) Fair Value (in millions) Customer Relationships 24 $ 28 Backlog 9 2 Technology 7 132 Trade Name 10 2 Intangible Assets Under Construction N/A 1 Total 10 $ 165 (a) Useful life approximates weighted average useful life. The fair value of Idrica s identifiable intangible assets were determined using a combination of the income and cost approaches. The fair value measurements were primarily based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus, represent a Level 3 measurement of the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements. Intangible assets consisting of the customer relationships, backlog, and trade name were valued using the multi-period excess earnings method ( MEEM ) or the relief from royalty ( RFR ) method, both of which are forms of the income approach. The intangible asset related to Idrica s developed technology was valued using the replacement cost approach. The customer and backlog intangible assets were valued using the MEEM. The MEEM is an approach where the net earnings attributable to the asset being measured are isolated from other contributory assets over the intangible asset s remaining economic life. 73 The trade name intangible asset was valued using the RFR method. The RFR method suggests that in lieu of ownership, the acquirer can obtain comparable rights to use the subject asset via a license from a hypothetical third-party owner. The asset s fair value is the present value of license fees avoided by owning it (i.e., the royalty savings). The developed technology intangible asset was valued using the replacement cost approach. The replacement cost approach is a valuation method that relies on estimating the replacement costs of assets based on the principle that an asset would not be purchased for a price higher than the cost to replace it with an asset of comparable utility. Pro forma results of operations have not been included, as the acquisition of Idrica was not material to our results of operations for any periods presented. Heusser On December 5, 2024, we acquired all issued and outstanding shares of Heusser Water Solutions AG ("Heusser"), a leading distributor and provider of advanced pumping systems and treatment solutions in Switzerland, for $ 40 million ($ 35 million, net of cash received). Heusser, a privately-owned company headquartered in Cham, Switzerland, has approximately 90 employees. Our consolidated financial statements include Heusser's results of operations prospectively from December 5, 2024 primarily within the Water Infrastructure segment. 74 Note 4. Revenue Disaggregation of Revenue The following table illustrates the sources of revenue: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Revenue from contracts with customers $ 8,720 $ 8,273 $ 6,963 Lease Revenue 315 289 401 Total $ 9,035 $ 8,562 $ 7,364 The following table reflects revenue from contracts with customers by application: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Water Infrastructure Transport $ 1,556 $ 1,496 $ 1,421 Treatment 1,080 1,057 795 Applied Water Building Solutions 1,037 997 1,025 Industrial Water 812 796 828 Measurement and Control Solutions Smart Metering and Other 1,726 1,519 1,253 Analytics 360 352 358 Water Solutions and Services Capital and Other 1,144 1,081 804 Services 1,005 975 479 Total $ 8,720 $ 8,273 $ 6,963 75 The following table reflects revenue from contracts with customers by geographical region: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Water Infrastructure United States $ 1,005 $ 891 $ 744 Western Europe 937 914 822 Emerging Markets (a) 477 526 458 Other 217 222 192 Applied Water United States 1,018 942 970 Western Europe 412 398 401 Emerging Markets (a) 286 321 342 Other 133 132 140 Measurement and Control Solutions United States 1,373 1,267 1,042 Western Europe 342 282 282 Emerging Markets (a) 197 190 193 Other 174 132 94 Water Solutions and Services United States 1,597 1,570 916 Western Europe 101 101 105 Emerging Markets (a) 235 213 142 Other 216 172 120 Total $ 8,720 $ 8,273 $ 6,963 (a) Emerging Markets includes results from the following regions: Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Asia Pacific (excluding Japan, Australia and New Zealand, which are presented in "Other") Contract Balances We receive payments from customers based on a billing schedule as established in our contracts. Contract assets relate to costs incurred to perform in advance of scheduled billings. Contract liabilities relate to payments received in advance of performance under the contracts. Changes in contract assets and liabilities are due to our performance under the contract. 76 The table below provides contract assets, contract liabilities, and significant changes in contract assets and liabilities: (in millions) Contract Assets (a) Contract Liabilities (b) Balance at 1/1/2024 $ 263 $ 315 Additions, net 265 265 Revenue recognized from opening balance ( 247 ) Billings transferred to accounts receivable ( 227 ) Foreign currency and other 2 ( 11 ) Balance at 1/1/2025 $ 303 $ 322 Additions, net 382 251 Revenue recognized from opening balance ( 280 ) Billings transferred to accounts receivable ( 185 ) Foreign currency and other 10 ( 7 ) Balance at 12/31/2025 $ 510 $ 286 (a) Contract assets are included in either receivables or other non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (b) Contract liabilities are included in either accrued and other current liabilities or other non-current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Performance obligations Delivery schedules vary from customer to customer based upon their requirements. Typically, large projects require longer lead production cycles and delays can occur from time to time. As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied for contracts with performance obligations, amount to $ 1,929 million. The Company elects to apply the practical expedient to exclude from this disclosure revenue related to performance obligations that are part of a contract whose original expected duration is less than one year. Note 5. Restructuring and Asset Impairment Charges From time to time, the Company will incur costs related to restructuring actions in order to optimize our cost base and more strategically position itself. During 2025, we incurred restructuring costs of $ 95 million. These charges were primarily related to actions taken to further streamline our organization through simplification efforts to strengthen our competitive positioning and our ability to better serve our customers. During 2024, we incurred restructuring costs of $ 55 million. The charges incurred primarily related to strengthening our competitive positioning and the integration of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. ("Evoqua"). During 2023, we incurred restructuring costs of $ 72 million. Approximately $ 27 million of the charges related to share-based compensation expense due to acceleration clauses in Evoqua's equity compensation agreements. Approximately $ 45 million of the charges represented the reduction of headcount related to the integration of Evoqua and other charges related to our efforts to reposition our businesses to optimize our cost structure, improve our operational efficiency and effectiveness, strengthen our competitive positioning and better serve our customers. The charges were incurred across all of our segments. 77 The following table presents the components of restructuring expense and asset impairment charges incurred during each of the previous three years: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 By component: Severance and other charges $ 92 $ 41 $ 70 Asset impairment 5 19 3 Reversal of restructuring accruals ( 2 ) ( 5 ) ( 1 ) Total restructuring costs 95 55 72 Asset impairment charges 8 7 4 Total restructuring and asset impairment charges $ 103 $ 62 $ 76 By segment: Water Infrastructure $ 57 $ 23 $ 13 Applied Water 23 6 7 Measurement and Control Solutions 12 2 14 Water Solutions and Services 9 29 7 Corporate and Other 2 2 35 Restructuring The following table displays a roll-forward of the restructuring accruals, presented on our Consolidated Balance Sheets within "accrued and other current liabilities" and "other non-current accrued liabilities," for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: (in millions) 2025 2024 Restructuring accruals - January 1 $ 25 $ 24 Restructuring costs 95 55 Cash payments ( 82 ) ( 32 ) Asset impairment ( 5 ) ( 19 ) Share based compensation expense included within AOCL ( 2 ) Foreign currency and other 1 ( 1 ) Restructuring accruals - December 31 $ 34 $ 25 By segment: Water Infrastructure $ 9 $ 4 Applied Water 1 3 Measurement and Control Solutions 4 3 Water Solutions and Services 3 4 Centralized support facilities (a) 17 9 Corporate and other 2 (a) Centralized support facilities consist primarily of support functions, including selling and marketing organizations, that incurred restructuring expense which was allocated to the segments. However, the liabilities associated with restructuring expense were not allocated to the segments. 78 The following table presents the total costs expected to be incurred, the amount incurred in the period, and the cumulative costs incurred to date for our 2025, 2024 and 2023 restructuring actions: (in millions) Water Infrastructure Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Corporate Total Actions Commenced in 2025: Total expected costs $ 75 $ 30 $ 17 $ 11 $ 9 $ 142 Costs incurred during 2025 55 23 9 6 93 Total expected costs remaining $ 20 $ 7 $ 8 $ 5 $ 9 $ 49 Actions Commenced in 2024: Total expected costs $ 15 $ 5 $ 1 $ 28 $ 1 $ 50 Costs incurred during 2024 14 5 1 28 1 49 Costs incurred during 2025 1 1 Total expected costs remaining $ $ $ $ $ $ Actions Commenced in 2023: Total expected costs $ 19 $ 7 $ 12 $ 8 $ 35 $ 81 Costs incurred during 2023 13 6 10 7 35 71 Costs incurred during 2024 6 1 ( 2 ) 1 6 Costs incurred during 2025 1 1 Total expected costs remaining $ $ $ 3 $ $ $ 3 The actions commenced in 2025 consist primarily of severance. During 2025, the Company also recorded ROU asset and fixed asset impairment charges of $ 3 million within our Water Infrastructure segment and $ 2 million within our Measurement and Control Solutions segment due to these restructuring actions, which are expected to continue through the end of 2026. The actions commenced in 2024 consist primarily of severance charges. During 2024, as a result of these restructuring actions, the Company also recorded $ 16 million in impairment charges primarily related to customer relationships and trademarks and $ 3 million in fixed asset impairment charges within our Water Solutions and Services segment. Refer to Note 12, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for additional information on the impairment of intangible assets. These actions were substantially completed in 2025. The actions commenced in 2023 cons