=== JKHY_2025-08-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report, and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statement made in this report speaks only as of the date of this report, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. 4 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Jack Henry Associates, Inc. is a well-rounded financial technology company that strengthens connections between financial institutions and the people and businesses they serve. For nearly 50 years, we have provided technology solutions to help banks and credit unions innovate faster, strategically differentiate, and successfully compete while serving the evolving needs of their accountholders. We empower approximately 7,400 financial institutions and diverse corporate entities with people-inspired innovation, personal service, and insight-driven solutions. Mission Statement We strengthen the connections between people and their financial institutions through technology and services that reduce the barriers to financial health. This mission has always been part of the foundation on which Jack Henry was built. Our founders, Jack Henry and Jerry Hall, were committed to their community and believed they could help financial institutions better serve the needs of their accountholders by using more innovative technology and services. Since our founding in 1976, much has changed, but our commitment to supporting community and regional banks and credit unions remains unwavering. We continue to be guided by our founding philosophy: do the right thing, do whatever it takes, and have fun. Who We Serve We provide products and services primarily to community and regional banks and credit unions (see "Our Industry" below): Core bank integrated data processing systems are provided to over 950 banks. Our banking solutions support both on-premise and private cloud operating environments with functionality for core processing platforms and integrated complementary solutions. Core credit union data processing solutions are provided to credit unions of all sizes, with a client base of approximately 715 credit unions. We offer a flagship core processing platform and integrated complementary solutions that support both on-premise and private cloud operating environments. Non-core highly specialized core-agnostic products and services are also provided to banks and credit unions. We offer complementary solutions that include highly specialized financial performance, imaging and payment solutions, information security and risk management, retail delivery, and online and mobile functionality. These products and services enhance the performance of traditional banks and credit unions of all asset sizes and charters, and non-traditional diverse corporate entities. In total, we serve approximately 1,670 bank and credit union core clients and over 5,710 non-core clients. Our products and services provide our clients with solutions that can be tailored to support their unique growth, service, operational, and performance goals. Our well-rounded solutions also enable banks and credit unions to offer the high-demand products and services required by their accountholders to compete more successfully and to capitalize on evolving trends shaping the financial services industry. We are committed to exceeding our clients expectations. We measure and monitor their satisfaction using a variety of surveys, such as an annual survey on the client's anniversary date and randomly-generated online surveys initiated each day by routine support requests to ensure feedback is received throughout the year. The survey results are analyzed and provided to operational areas to ensure our service consistently exceeds our clients expectations. We believe this process ensures we understand the Voice of the Customer which contributes to our excellent retention rates. We are focused on establishing long-term client relationships, continually expanding and strengthening those relationships. We do so with cross sales of additional products and services that support our clients' strategy, earning new financial and non-financial clients, and ensuring our product offerings are highly competitive. The majority of our support and services revenue is derived from our private and public cloud services for our hosted clients that are typically on a six-year contract, recurring electronic payment solutions that are generally on a contract term of six years, and our on-premise clients that are typically on a one-year contract. Less predictable software license fees, paid by clients implementing our software solutions on-premise, and hardware sales, including all non-software products that we re-market in order to support our software systems, complement our primary revenue sources. Information regarding the classification of our business into four separate segments is set forth in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements (see Item 8). 5 We recognize that our associates and their collective contributions are ultimately responsible for Jack Henry's past, present, and future success. Recruiting and retaining high-quality associates is essential to our ongoing growth and financial performance, and we believe we have established an organizational culture that sustains high levels of associate engagement. For further discussion of our human capital considerations, see "Human Capital" below. Our Industry Our core banking solutions generally serve commercial banks and savings institutions with up to $55 billion and above in assets and are designed to be capable of serving institutions with up to $150 billion in assets. We complete annual, third-party testing to validate this capability each August. According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ), there were approximately 4,440 commercial banks and savings institutions in the $55 billion and under asset range as of December 31, 2024, and we currently support over 950 of these banks with one of our three core information processing platforms and a significant number of complementary/payment products and services. Our core credit union solutions serve credit unions of all asset sizes. According to America's Credit Unions ("ACU") (formerly Credit Union National Association), there were 4,550 domestic credit unions as of December 31, 2024, and we currently support approximately 715 of these credit unions with one flagship core information processing platform and a significant number of complementary/payment products and services. Our non-core solutions serve banks and credit unions of all asset sizes and charters and other diverse corporate entities. We support these organizations with specialized solutions for generating additional revenue and growth, increasing security, mitigating operational risks, and controlling operating costs. The FDIC reports the number of commercial banks and savings institutions declined 13% from the end of calendar year 2019 to the end of calendar year 2024, due mainly to mergers and acquisitions. Although the number of banks continued to decline at a 3% compound annual rate during this period, aggregate assets increased at a compound annual rate of 5% and totaled $24.1 trillion as of December 31, 2024. There were six new bank charters issued in calendar year 2024 and six issued in the 2023 calendar year. Comparing calendar years 2024 to 2023, the number of transactions of FDIC-insured banks acquiring or merging with other banks or credit unions decreased 18%. ACU reports the number of credit unions declined 15% from the end of calendar year 2019 to the end of calendar year 2024. Although the number of credit unions declined at a 3% compound annual rate during this period, aggregate assets increased at a compound annual rate of 8% and totaled $2.3 trillion as of December 31, 2024. Despite continued industry consolidation, Jack Henry net core footprints increased year-over-year from calendar year 2023 to calendar year 2024 in both bank and credit union client bases. Furthermore, the average assets under management for our banking core clients grew from $1.26 billion to $1.29 billion, and the average assets under management for our credit union core clients grew from $1.17 billion to $1.20 billion. Community and regional banks and credit unions are vitally important to the communities, consumers, and businesses they serve as well as to the local economies where they operate. Bank and credit union accountholders rely on these institutions to provide personalized, relationship-based service and competitive financial products and services available through the accountholders' delivery channel of choice. Institutions are recognizing that attracting and retaining accountholders in today s highly competitive financial industry and realizing near-term and long-term performance goals are often technology dependent. Banks and credit unions must implement technological solutions that enable them to: Offer digital strategies that provide the convenience-driven services required in today s financial services industry. Maximize performance with accessible, accurate, and timely business intelligence information. Provide the high-demand products and services needed to successfully compete with traditional and non-traditional competitors created by convergence within the financial services industry. Foster growth and efficiency through delivering accountholders exceptional user experiences. Expand existing accountholder relationships and strengthen exit barriers by cross selling additional products and services. Capitalize on new revenue, and deposit and loan portfolio growth opportunities. Increase operating efficiencies and reduce operating costs. Protect mission-critical information assets and operational infrastructure. Protect accountholders with various security tools from fraud and related financial losses. Maximize the day-to-day use of technology and return on technology investments. Ensure full regulatory compliance. 6 Jack Henry s extensive product and service offerings help diverse banks and credit unions meet business challenges and capitalize on opportunities. We strive to get to know our clients, understand their strategies and challenges, and provide innovative solutions that help them achieve short- and long-term success. Business Strategy Our fundamental business strategy is to generate organic revenue and earnings growth augmented by strategic acquisitions. Our strategy for the next three to five years is to enable banks and credit unions to win on exceptional user experience and trust through open, innovative technology, data-driven insights, and service, resulting in greater growth and efficiency. We intend to execute this strategy by: Providing community and regional banks and credit unions with core processing systems that provide excellent functionality and support on-premise and private cloud delivery environments with identical functionality. Expanding each core client relationship by cross-selling complementary/payment products and services that enhance the functionality provided by our core processing systems. Delivering non-core highly specialized core-agnostic complementary/payment products and services to banks and credit unions, including institutions not utilizing one of our core processing systems, and diverse corporate entities. Developing and deploying a long-term technology modernization strategy to provide public cloud-native solutions that provide clients with greater flexibility, optionality, open integration, speed to market, and other benefits. Upholding a company-wide commitment to service that consistently exceeds our clients expectations and generates high levels of retention. Carrying out a large client strategy that focuses on deep engagement with banks and credit unions to align objectives, optimize revenue streams, and foster collaborative growth and innovation through continuous engagement and commitment to excellence. Growing our market share of services to small and medium-sized businesses offering features through banks and credit unions. Building, maintaining, and enhancing a protected environment and tools that help our clients and Jack Henry protect accountholder data, assets, and comply with regulations. Maintaining a disciplined acquisition strategy. Technology Modernization Strategy Our public cloud-native technology modernization strategy seeks to enable our bank and credit union clients to innovate faster, differentiate themselves in the markets they serve, and meet the evolving needs of their accountholders. The Jack Henry Platform TM is the centerpiece of this strategy and operates as a single public cloud-native, API-first platform, which we are developing into a fully functional modern alternative for existing core functions. The platform includes services like wire transfers, a centralized data hub for reporting and analysis, exception item processing, general ledger, deposit servicing, and entitlements. These services can be combined with other Jack Henry public cloud-native solutions, such as digital banking, digital payments, and fraud detection, as well as third-party provider solutions on a single, unified platform. The Jack Henry Platform leverages public cloud advantages, including high system availability, rapid processing, modern security standards, easily deployable upgrades, and scalability. Acquisition Strategy We have a disciplined approach to acquisitions and have been successful in supplementing our organic growth with 35 strategic acquisitions since the end of fiscal year 1999. We continue to explore acquisitions that have the potential to: Expand our suite of complementary/payment products and services. Provide products and services that can be sold to both existing core and non-core clients as well as outside our core base to new clients. Accelerate our internal development efforts for technology modernization. Provide selective opportunities to sell outside our traditional markets in the financial services industry. After nearly 50 years in business, we have very few gaps in our product line, so it is increasingly difficult to find proven products or services that would enable our clients and prospects to better optimize their business opportunities or solve specific operational issues. In addition, we see few acquisition opportunities that would 7 expand our market or enable our entry into adjacent markets within the financial services industry that are fairly priced or that we could assimilate into our Company without material distractions. We have a solid track record of executing acquisitions from both a financial and operational standpoint, and we will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities that support our strategic direction, complement and accelerate our organic growth, and generate long-term profitable growth for our stockholders. While we seek to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities, we will continue to explore alternative ways to leverage our cash position and balance sheet to the benefit of our stockholders, such as continued investment in new products and services for our clients, repurchases of our stock, and continued payment of dividends. Our most recent acquisition was: Fiscal Year Company or Product Name Products and Services 2023 Payrailz, LLC ("Payrailz") Provider of cloud-native modern digital payment capabilities leveraging AI and machine learning features for the financial services industry. Solutions Our core banking solutions support commercial banks with information and transaction processing platforms that provide enterprise-wide automation. We have three functionally distinct core bank processing systems and many fully integrated complementary/payment solutions, including business intelligence and bank management, retail and business banking, digital and mobile internet banking and electronic payment solutions, fraud and risk management and protection, account origination, and item and document imaging solutions. Our core banking solutions have state-of-the-art functional capabilities, and we can re-market the hardware required by on-premise use of each software system. Our banking solutions can be delivered on-premise or through our private cloud delivery model and are backed by a company-wide commitment to provide exceptional client support. Our core credit union solutions support credit unions of all sizes with an information and transaction processing platform that provides enterprise-wide automation. Our solution includes one flagship core processing system and many fully integrated complementary/payment solutions, including business intelligence and credit union management, accountholder and accountholder business services, digital and mobile internet banking and electronic payment solutions, fraud and risk management and protection, account origination, and item and document imaging solutions. Our credit union solution also has state-of-the-art functional capabilities. We also re-market the hardware required by on-premise use of the software system. Our credit union solution can be delivered on-premise, through our private cloud, or through our partner private cloud delivery models. Each is backed by our company-wide commitment to provide exceptional client support. Our non-core solutions for banks, credit unions, and diverse corporate entities are specialized products and services assembled primarily through our focused diversification acquisition strategy. These core-agnostic solutions are compatible with a wide variety of information technology platforms and operating environments and offer a large number of complementary/payment solutions, including proven solutions for generating additional revenue and growth, increasing security and mitigating operational risks, and/or controlling operating costs. Our non-core products and services enhance the performance of banks and credit unions of all asset sizes and charters, and diverse corporate entities. These distinct products and services can be implemented individually or as solution suites to address specific business problems or needs and enable effective responses to dynamic industry trends. We are committed to developing and maintaining modern and integrated solutions supported by high service levels. We continuously update and improve these solutions through an interactive client enhancement process, ensuring compliance with relevant regulations, and incorporating proven advances in technology. Our goal is to uphold our Company's reputation as a premium solution and service provider. Core Software Systems Core software systems primarily consist of the integrated applications required to process deposit, loan, and general ledger transactions, and to maintain centralized accountholder information. Our core banking solutions consist of three software systems marketed to banks, and our core credit union solution consists of one software system marketed to credit unions. These core systems are available for on-premise installation at client sites, or banks and credit unions can choose to leverage our private cloud environment for ongoing information processing. 8 Core banking platforms are: SilverLake System , a robust system primarily designed for commercial-focused banks that currently serves banks with assets ranging from $1 billion to over $55 billion. Some progressive smaller banks and de novo (start-up) banks also select SilverLake. This system is in use by 520 banks, and now serves nearly 12% of the domestic banks in the $55 billion and under asset range. CIF 20/20 , a parameter-driven, easy-to-use system that now supports 260 banks ranging from de novo institutions to those with assets of $6 billion. Core Director , a cost-efficient system with point-and-click operation that now supports over 170 banks ranging from de novo institutions to those with assets of $2 billion. Core credit union platform is: Symitar (formerly known as Episys ), a robust system designed specifically for credit unions. It has been implemented by approximately 715 credit unions with assets ranging from $20 million to $33 billion, and according to National Credit Union Administration ("NCUA") data, is the system implemented by more credit unions with assets exceeding $25 million than any other credit union core system. Clients electing to install our solutions on-premise license the proprietary software systems. The majority of these clients pay ongoing annual software maintenance fees. We re-market the hardware, hardware maintenance, and peripheral equipment that is required by on-premise use of our software solutions; and we perform software implementation, data conversion, training, ongoing support, and other related services. On-premise clients generally license our core software systems under a standard license agreement that provides a fully paid, nonexclusive, nontransferable right to use the software on a single computer at a single location. Clients can eliminate the significant up-front capital expenditures required by on-premise installations and the responsibility for operating information and transaction processing infrastructures by leveraging our private cloud environment for those functions. Our core private cloud services are provided through a highly resilient data center configuration across multiple physical locations. We also provide image item processing services from two host/archive sites and several key entry and balancing locations throughout the country. We print and mail accountholder statements for banks and credit unions from three regional printing and rendering centers. Clients electing to outsource their core processing typically sign contracts for six years that include "per account" fees and minimum guaranteed payments during the contract period. We are dedicated to meeting the evolving business needs of our core bank and credit union clients by continuously enhancing each core system, introducing new integrated complementary products regularly, integrating practical new technologies, and adhering to regulatory compliance initiatives. Additionally, we serve as a single point of contact for each core client for support and accountability. Complementary Products and Services We have a large number of complementary/payment products and services that are targeted to our core banks and credit unions. Many of these are selectively sold to banks and credit unions that use other core processing systems. These complementary/payment solutions enable core bank and credit union clients to respond to evolving accountholder demands, expedite speed-to-market with competitive offerings, increase efficiency, address specific operational needs, and generate new revenue streams. The highly specialized solutions enable diverse banks, credit unions, and corporate entities to generate additional revenue and growth opportunities, increase security, mitigate operational risks, and control operating costs. We regularly introduce new products and services based on demand for integrated complementary/payment solutions from our existing core clients and based on the growing demand among banks, credit unions, and corporate entities for specialized solutions capable of increasing revenue and growth opportunities, mitigating and controlling operational risks, and/or containing costs. Our Industry Research department solicits client guidance on the business solutions they need, evaluates available solutions and competitive offerings, and manages the introduction of new product offerings. Our new complementary/payment products and services are developed internally, acquired, or provided through strategic alliances. Implementation and Training Most of our core bank and credit union clients contract with us for implementation and training services in connection with their systems and additional complementary products. A complete core system implementation typically includes detailed planning, project management, data conversion, and testing. Our experienced implementation teams travel to client facilities or work remotely with clients to help 9 manage the implementation process and ensure that all data is transferred from the legacy system to the Jack Henry system. Our implementation fees are fixed or hourly based on the core system being installed. We also provide extensive initial and ongoing education to our clients. We have a comprehensive training program that supports new clients with basic training and longtime clients with continuing education. The training enables banks and credit unions to maximize the use of our core and complementary solutions, learn about ongoing system enhancements, and understand evolving legislative and regulatory requirements. Support and Services We serve our core clients as a single point of contact and support for the solutions we provide. Our comprehensive support infrastructure incorporates: High service standards. Trained support staff available up to 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Assigned account team. Sophisticated support tools, resources, and technology. Broad experience converting diverse banks and credit unions to our core platforms from competitive platforms. Highly effective change management and control processes. Best practices methodology developed and refined through the company-wide, day-to-day experience. Most on-premise clients contract for annual software support services, and this represents a significant source of recurring revenue for Jack Henry. These support services are typically priced at approximately 20% of the respective product s software license fee. The subsequent years' service fees generally increase as client assets increase and as additional complementary products are purchased. Annual software support fees typically are billed during June and are paid in advance for the entire fiscal year, with proration for new product implementations that occur during the fiscal year. Hardware support fees also are usually paid in advance for entire contract periods which typically range from one to five years. Most support contracts automatically renew unless the client or Jack Henry gives notice of termination at least 30 days prior to contract expiration. High levels of support are provided to our private cloud clients by the same support infrastructure utilized for on-premise clients. However, these support fees are included as part of monthly private cloud fees. Hardware Systems Our software systems operate on a variety of hardware platforms. We have established remarketing agreements with IBM Corporation, and many other hardware providers that allow Jack Henry to purchase hardware and related maintenance services at a discount and resell them directly to our clients. We currently sell IBM Power Systems ; Lenovo , Dell, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, and Cisco servers and workstations; Canon , Digital Check, Epson , and Panini check scanners; and other devices that complement our software solutions. Digital Products and Services Jack Henry Digital provides a unified platform of digital products and services, anchored by the Banno Digital Platform . This native and browser-based banking solution empowers community and regional banks and credit unions to strategically enhance their digital offerings and compete effectively with larger banks and tech companies. It's a comprehensive business and retail open platform delivering attractive, fast, cloud-native applications for accountholders and cloud-based, core-connected back-office tools for employees. Our treasury platform is a separate digital product that services the needs of banks' and credit unions' larger commercial customers. Payment Solutions Electronic payment solutions provide our clients with the tools necessary to be at the forefront of payment innovation with secure payment processing designed to simplify complex payment processing, attract profitable retail and commercial accounts, increase operating efficiencies, comply with regulatory mandates, and proactively mitigate and manage payment-related risk. JHA Card Processing Solutions ("CPS") supports full-service and in-house debit and credit card programs, as well as an agent credit option, backed by a comprehensive suite of tools for 24/7 fraud mitigation, digital payments, full-service dispute management, plastics manufacturing and personalization, loyalty programs, data analytics, and ATM terminal driving. In addition, advisory services are offered to support a variety of needs including card portfolio growth, start-up program consultation, as well as customized fraud management; all tailored to individual bank and credit union goals and concerns. Enterprise Payment Solutions ("EPS") is a comprehensive payments engine, offering an integrated suite of Automated Clearing House ("ACH"), instant payments, credit card, and remote deposit capture processing that 10 includes supporting tools for accounts receivable posting, risk management, reporting, and application interfaces ("APIs") for banks, credit unions, businesses, and fintechs of all sizes. EPS helps clients succeed in today s competitive market to increase revenue, improve efficiencies, better manage compliance, and enhance accountholder relationships. Payrailz TM Payments Platform provides consumers and businesses with money movement options through their bank's or credit union's digital platforms. It supports our technology modernization strategy by providing next-generation, cloud-native digital payment capabilities to our payment ecosystem. This money movement payments platform incorporates artificial intelligence ("AI") to make predictive and proactive recommendations, a flexible modern user experience, a layered security model, an automated fraud feature powered by machine learning, and a contemporary, adaptable administrative portal. In addition to bill payment capabilities, we provide a 'pay a loan' feature, an 'open looped' real-time person-to-person ("P2P") solution, and account-to-account ("A2A") transfer features. The array of money movement options maintains consumer and business engagement with the bank or credit union. JHA PayCenter TM provides banks and credit unions with a single entry point to both Zelle and Real Time Payments ("RTP") networks, and the Federal Reserve's FedNow network. PayCenter manages the certification process and mandatory updates from the networks, simplifies integration with toolkits, and provides fraud monitoring. Banks and credit unions can send and receive transactions instantly 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, through our core and complementary solutions. Payments as a Service ("PaaS") supports embedded payment capabilities and ties together and further enhances the complete array of electronic payments functionality with a front-end Payments Developers Experience Portal, APIs, and back-end data analytics. Research and Development We invest significant resources in ongoing research and development to build new software solutions and services and enhance existing solutions with additional functionality and features required to ensure regulatory compliance. We enhance our core and complementary systems a minimum of once each year. Product-specific enhancements are largely client-driven with recommended opportunities formally gathered through focus groups, change control boards, strategic initiatives meetings, annual user group meetings, and ongoing client contact. We also continually evaluate and implement process improvements that expedite the delivery of new products and enhancements to our clients and reduce related costs. Research and development expenses (in thousands) for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $162,771, $148,256, and $142,678, respectively. We recorded capitalized software (in thousands) in fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 of $172,445, $167,175, and $166,120, respectively. Sales and Marketing We serve established, well-defined markets that provide ongoing sales and cross-sell opportunities. The marketing and sales initiatives within the core business lines are primarily focused on identifying banks and credit unions evaluating alternative core information and transaction processing solutions. Our non-core specialized core-agnostic niche solutions are sold to complement existing technology platforms to banks and credit unions of all asset sizes and charters. Sales executives are responsible for the activities required to earn new clients in assigned territories, and regional account executives are responsible for nurturing client relationships and cross selling additional products and services. Our sales professionals receive base salaries and performance-based commission compensation. Sales support staff provide a variety of services, including product and service demonstrations, responses to prospect-issued requests-for-proposals, and proposal and contract generation. Our marketing department supports sales with lead generation and brand-building activities, including participation in state-specific, regional, and national trade shows; print and online advertising; client newsletters; ongoing promotional campaigns; and media relations. We also host an annual national education conference, which provides opportunities to network with existing clients and demonstrate new products and services. Jack Henry has sold select products and services outside the United States, primarily in Latin America, the Caribbean and Canada. International sales accounted for less than 1% of Jack Henry s total revenue in each of fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023. Competition The market for companies providing technology solutions to financial services organizations is competitive, and we expect that competition from both existing competitors and companies entering our existing or future markets will remain strong. Some of our current competitors have longer operating histories, larger client bases, and greater 11 financial resources. The principal competitive factors affecting the market for technology solutions include culture, service, innovation, strategy, and execution, along with product/service functionality, price, operating flexibility, and ease-of-use. For more than a decade, there has been significant consolidation among providers of products and services designed for banks and credit unions, and this consolidation is expected to continue in the future. Our core solutions compete with large vendors that provide information and transaction processing solutions to banks and credit unions, including Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.; Fiserv, Inc.; Corelation, Inc.; and Finastra. Our non-core specialized solutions compete with an array of disparate vendors that provide niche solutions to financial services organizations and corporate entities. Intellectual Property, Patents, and Trademarks Although we believe our success depends upon our technical expertise more than our proprietary rights, our future success and ability to compete depend in part upon our proprietary technology. We have registered or filed applications for our primary trademarks. Most of our technology is not patented. Instead, we rely on a combination of contractual rights, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets to establish and protect our proprietary technology. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our associates, consultants, resellers, clients, and prospects. Access to and distribution of our Company s source code is restricted, and the disclosure and use of other proprietary information is further limited. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties can attempt to copy or otherwise obtain, or use our products or technology. Regulatory Compliance Jack Henry maintains a corporate commitment to address compliance issues and implement requirements imposed by federal regulators prior to the effective date of such requirements when adequate prior notice is given. Our compliance program is coordinated by a team of qualified compliance professionals with extensive regulatory agency and financial institution experience, knowledge and understanding of Federal consumer protection regulations, and a thorough working knowledge of Jack Henry and our solutions. These compliance professionals leverage multiple channels to remain informed about potential and recently enacted regulatory requirements, including discussions on emerging topics with the Federal Banking Agencies ( FBA ), and training sessions sponsored by various professional associations. We have processes in place to inform internal stakeholders of new and revised regulatory requirements. Upcoming regulatory changes also are presented to the Company s development teams through periodic regulatory compliance meetings and the necessary product changes are included in the ongoing product development cycle. We publish newsletters to keep our clients informed of regulatory changes that could impact their operations. Periodically, client advisory groups are assembled to discuss significant regulatory changes. Internal audits of our systems, networks, operations, business recovery plans, and applications are conducted and specialized outside firms are periodically engaged to perform testing and validation of our systems, processes, plans, and security. The FBA conducts ongoing examinations of the Company and issues Reports of Examination. The Board of Directors provides oversight of these activities through the Risk and Compliance Committee and the Audit Committee. Government Regulation The financial services industry is subject to extensive and complex federal and state regulation. All financial institutions are subject to substantial regulatory oversight and supervision. Our products and services must comply with the extensive and evolving regulatory requirements applicable to our clients, including but not limited to those mandated by federal truth-in-lending and truth-in-savings rules, the Privacy of Consumer Financial Information regulations, usury laws, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA Patriot Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Community Reinvestment Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The compliance of Jack Henry s products and services with these requirements depends on a variety of factors, including the parameters set through the interactive design, the classification of clients, and the manner in which the client utilizes the products and services. Our clients are contractually responsible for assessing and determining what is required of them under these regulations and then we provide solutions that assist them in meeting their regulatory needs through our products and services. We cannot predict the impact these regulations, any future amendments to these regulations or any newly implemented regulations will have on our business in the future. Jack Henry is not chartered by the Office of the Comptroller of Currency ("OCC"), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC, the NCUA or other federal or state agencies that regulate or supervise depository institutions. However, operating as a service provider to banks and credit unions, Jack Henry s operations are governed by the same regulatory requirements as those imposed on financial institutions, and 12 subject to periodic reviews by FBA regulators who have broad supervisory authority to remedy any shortcomings identified in such reviews. Jack Henry is also subject to periodic examinations by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ), which provides supervision and enforcement related to federal consumer financial laws applicable to some products and services offered by our clients. We provide private cloud services through Jack Henry Processing Services for banks and EASE Processing Services for credit unions. We provide data centers and electronic transaction processing through JHA Card Processing Solutions , internet banking through NetTeller and Banno TM online solutions, bill payment through our Payrailz TM Payments Platform, network security monitoring and Hosted Network Solutions ("HNS") through our Gladiator unit, cloud services through Hosted Partner Services and Enterprise Integration Services, and business recovery services through Centurion Disaster Recovery . Our private cloud services are subject to examination by FBA regulators under the Bank Service Company Act. These examinations cover a wide variety of subjects, including system development, functionality, reliability, and security, as well as disaster preparedness and business recovery planning. Our private cloud services are also subject to examination by state banking authorities on occasion. Human Capital Our Associates As of June 30, 2025, Jack Henry had approximately 7,240 full-time and part-time associates. Our associates are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement and there have been no labor-related work stoppages. Talent Attraction and Engagement Our people and culture strategy is focused on attracting, engaging, and retaining associates that are qualified and innovative with future-ready technical skills. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to considering all qualified candidates for employment. We seek non-traditional talent streams to help identify candidates from underrepresented groups. Our internship attracts college and university students, and our apprenticeship program offers paid training and work for candidates with little to no traditional experience, such as computer coding. Both programs can lead to full-time employment. We are committed to fostering a respectful and inclusive workplace where all individuals are treated with respect and dignity, and we focus on ensuring all associates feel they belong at Jack Henry. Business Innovation Groups ("BIGs"), which are open to all associates, help us to foster a culture of inclusion and belonging. These groups provide input and suggestions to address business problems and offer education and training to foster inclusion and belonging. As of June 30, 2025, we had over 1,770 unique associates and nearly 2,810 combined associates participating in six active BIGs. A significant portion of the Company s associates work remotely on either a full-time or hybrid remote/office basis. The Company remains focused on equipping all associates with the tools necessary to effectively communicate, collaborate, and build connections in a remote environment, including ensuring leaders have the skills needed to effectively lead dispersed teams. We seek to actively listen to our associates throughout the year using a defined and continuous listening strategy designed to gather regular feedback on well-being, engagement, leadership, ethics, culture and values, satisfaction, and sense of belonging, through channels such as our annual engagement survey, pulse surveys, skip-a-level interviews, and town halls. This comprehensive strategy allow us to respond to associate concerns, benefit from associate perspectives, and better design and develop processes to support our Company culture. Associates can learn about changes through our internal online news center, regular email communications, monthly Manager Forum events, quarterly associate update videos, or all-associate town hall meetings delivered by senior management. Learning and Development Our success depends not only on attracting and retaining talented associates, but also in developing our current associates and providing new opportunities for their growth. We offer our associates numerous live and on-demand courses, resources, and training programs to help them build knowledge, improve skills, and develop their career at Jack Henry. Learning opportunities include mandatory courses, as well as recommended content in areas such as leadership development, technical skills, business acumen, innovation, and change management. Jack Tracks, an annual, company-wide virtual learning event, offers associates a large selection of curated topics such as technical and operational readiness, technology trends, company solutions, and industry trends. Recognizing the importance of mentoring in career development, we host an internal mentorship marketplace, which allows prospective mentors and mentees to connect and self-initiate a mentoring relationship. Career mobility 13 and personal development resources are available to all associates through dedicated intranet sites including an internal career website where associates can explore new opportunities, register their skills, and view salary ranges. We continue to strengthen our leadership capacity by providing training on effective coaching practices to leaders of the Company. We recognize and value the contribution of our associates who develop, improve, and support our technology solutions. Access to on-demand technical training libraries, customized learning plans, certification programs, and classes facilitated by external experts are available to advance their technical expertise. When there is a critical skill need or where the technology landscape is rapidly changing, we provide unique learning solutions to align associates' development with our strategic initiatives. Wellness and Safety We emphasize the safety and well-being of our associates as a top priority. We define wellness holistically and include mental, physical, emotional, financial, psychological, and environmental considerations. Our benefit plan offerings include supportive and dedicated campaigns that communicate directly to associates about financial wellness, mental health, healthful nutrition and exercise, and other wellness topics. Associate well-being is further supported through policies such as remote work, paid parental leave, military service leave, educational assistance, and bereavement leave policies, as well as paid time off, adoption assistance, an employee assistance program, wellness incentives, and paid community volunteer hours. Available Information Jack Henry s website is easily accessible to the public at jackhenry.com . The Investor Relations" portion of the website provides key corporate governance documents, the code of conduct, an archive of press releases, and other relevant Company information. Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and other filings and amendments thereto that are made with the SEC also are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practical after these reports have been filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at https://www.sec.gov . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The Company's business and the results of its operations are affected by numerous factors and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. The following is a description of some of the important risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results of operations in future periods to differ materially from those expected or desired. Business and Operating Risks Data security breaches, failures, or other incidents could damage our reputation and business. Our business relies upon receiving, processing, storing, and transmitting sensitive information relating to our operations, associates, and clients. If we fail to maintain a sufficient digital security infrastructure, address security vulnerabilities and new threats, or deploy adequate technologies to secure our systems against attack, we may be subject to security breaches that compromise confidential information, including valuable intellectual property, proprietary information, trade secrets, know-how, or source code, which could lead to their theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or misappropriation. Such incidents could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, damage our reputation and business, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and expose us to liability. We rely on third parties for various business purposes, and these third parties face similar security risks. A security failure by one of these third parties could expose our data or subject our information systems to interruption of operations and security vulnerabilities. Our information systems rely on hardware, software, and other technological elements, whether developed in-house or provided by third parties, that occasionally need to be patched or updated to address existing or potential security vulnerabilities. If these vulnerabilities are not remediated in a timely manner, our systems and data may be at risk of compromise or interruption. Our services and infrastructure are increasingly reliant on the internet. Computer networks and the internet are vulnerable to disruptive problems such as denial of service attacks or other cyber-attacks carried out by cyber criminals or state-sponsored actors. We are continually subject to attempts by unauthorized parties to access confidential information or to destroy data, often through the introduction of computer viruses, ransomware or malware, and cyber-attacks. The use of artificial intelligence increasingly enabling their sophistication and accelerating their evolution, including through automated phishing and the rapid development of new malware, which continue to evolve and can be difficult to detect. Those same parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce associates, clients, vendors, or other authorized users of our systems through phishing schemes or other social 14 engineering methods to disclose sensitive information to gain access to our data or that of our clients or their accountholders. Any such coordinated attacks, if successful, can lead to data loss and exfiltration, disruption to systems and services, and damage to our reputation as a secure financial technology company. We are also subject to the risk that our associates may, unintentionally or with malicious intent, intercept and transmit unauthorized confidential or proprietary information or that corporate-owned computers used by associates are stolen, or client data media is lost in shipment. An interception, misuse, or mishandling of personal, confidential, or proprietary information being sent to or received from a client or third party could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action, and reputational harm, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Like other financial institution service providers, we continually face third-party attempts to discover and exploit system weaknesses or to circumvent our security measures. We anticipate that attempts to attack our systems, services, and infrastructure, and those of our clients, third-party service providers and other vendors, will grow in frequency and sophistication. We cannot be certain that our security controls and infrastructure will be adequate to continue to protect our systems and data and our efforts may not be sufficient to combat all current and future technological risks and threats. These risks are further heightened by the fact that a significant portion of our associates and contractors work remotely outside of Company-controlled facilities using networks and devices that are not physically controlled by the Company, potentially limiting the effectiveness of our security controls. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, the use of artificial intelligence, or other events or developments may render our security measures inadequate. Security risks may result in liability to our clients or other third parties, damage to our reputation, and may deter financial institutions from purchasing our products. The significant amount of capital and other resources we currently expend to protect against the threat of security breaches may prove insufficient to prevent a breach. We cannot ensure that any limitation-of-liability provisions in our client and user agreements, contracts with third-party vendors, or other contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to claims relating to a security breach or similar matters. The insurance coverage we maintain to address data security risks may be insufficient to cover all types of claims or losses that may arise, and there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. In the event of a security breach, we may need to spend substantial additional capital and resources alleviating problems caused by such breach. Under state, federal, and foreign laws, including those requiring consumer notification of security breaches, the costs to remediate security breaches can be substantial. Addressing security problems may result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service to users, any of which could harm our business. Failure to maintain sufficient technological infrastructure or an operational failure in our outsourcing facilities could expose us to damage claims, increase regulatory scrutiny, and cause us to lose clients. Our products and services require substantial investments in technological infrastructure, and we have experienced significant growth in the number of users, transactions, and data that our technological infrastructure supports. If we fail to adequately invest in and support our technological infrastructure and processing capacity, we may not be able to support our clients processing needs and may be more susceptible to interruptions and delays in services. Damage or destruction that interrupts our outsourcing operations could cause delays and failures in processing which could hurt our relationship with clients, damage our reputation, expose us to damage claims, and cause us to incur substantial additional expenses to relocate operations and repair or replace damaged equipment. Events that could cause operational failures include, but are not limited to, hardware and software defects, breakdowns or malfunctions, cybersecurity incidents, human error, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, computer viruses or other malware, or other events. Our facilities are also subject to physical risks related to natural disasters or severe weather events, such as tornados, flooding, hurricanes, and heat waves. Climate change may increase the likelihood and severity of such events. Our back-up systems and procedures may prove insufficient or otherwise fail to prevent disruption, such as a prolonged interruption of our transaction processing services. If an interruption extends for more than several hours, we may experience data loss or a reduction in revenues due to such interruption. Any significant interruption of service could reduce revenue, have a negative impact on our reputation and the reputation of our clients, result in damage claims, lead our present and potential clients to choose other service providers, and lead to increased regulatory scrutiny of the critical services we provide to financial institutions, with resulting increases in compliance burdens and costs. Implementing modifications and upgrades to our technological infrastructure subjects us to inherent costs and risks associated with changing systems, policies, procedures, and monitoring tools. 15 Failures associated with payment transactions could result in financial loss. The volume and dollar amount of payment transactions that we process is significant and continues to grow. We direct the settlement of funds on behalf of financial institutions, other businesses, and consumers, and receive funds from clients, card issuers, payment networks, and consumers on a daily basis for a variety of transaction types. Transactions facilitated by us include debit card, credit card, electronic bill payment transactions, Automated Clearing House ( ACH ) payments, real-time payments through faster payment networks (such as Zelle, RTP, and FedNow), and check clearing that support consumers, financial institutions, and other businesses. If the continuity of operations, integrity of processing, or ability to detect or prevent fraudulent payments were compromised in connection with payments transactions, we could suffer financial as well as reputational loss. In addition, we rely on various third parties to process transactions and provide services in support of the processing of transactions and funds settlement for certain of our products and services that we cannot provide ourselves. If we are unable to obtain such services in the future or if the price of such services becomes unsustainable, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we may issue short-term credit to consumers, financial institutions, or other businesses as part of the funds settlement process. A default on this credit by a counterparty could result in a financial loss to us. Failures of third-party service providers we rely upon could lead to financial loss. We rely on third-party service providers to support key portions of our operations. We also rely on third-party service providers to provide part, or all, of certain services we deliver to clients. As we continue to move more computing, storage, and processing services out of our data centers and facilities and into third-party hosting environments, our reliance on these providers and their systems will increase. This reliance is further concentrated as we use certain third-party vendors to provide large portions of our hosting needs. While we have selected these third-party vendors carefully, we do not control their actions. A failure of these services by a third party could have a material impact upon our delivery of services to our clients. Such a failure could lead to damage claims, loss of clients, and reputational harm, depending on the duration and severity of the failure. Third parties perform significant operational services on our behalf. These third-party vendors are subject to similar risks as us including, but not limited to, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, hardware and software defects, breakdowns or malfunctions, cybersecurity incidents, human error, failures in internal controls, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, computer viruses or other malware, natural disasters or severe weather events, or other events. One or more of our vendors may experience a cybersecurity event or operational disruption and, if any such event does occur, it may not be adequately addressed, either operationally or financially, by the third-party vendor. Certain of our vendors may have limited indemnification obligations or may not have the financial capacity to satisfy their indemnification obligations. If a critical vendor is unable to meet our needs in a timely manner or if the services or products provided by such a vendor are terminated or otherwise delayed and if we are not able to develop alternative sources for these services and products timely and cost-effectively, our clients could be negatively impacted, and it could have a material adverse effect on our business. We operate in a competitive business environment and our business will be adversely affected if we fail to compete effectively. We vigorously compete with a variety of software vendors and service providers in all our major product lines. We compete on the basis of product quality, reliability, performance, ease of use, quality of support and services, integration with other products, and pricing. Some of our competitors may have advantages over us due to their size, product lines, greater marketing resources, or exclusive intellectual property rights. New competitors, including smaller start-ups, regularly appear with new products, services, and technology for financial institutions. If competitors offer more favorable pricing, payment or other contractual terms, warranties, or functionality, or otherwise attract our clients or prevent us from capturing new clients, we may need to lower prices or offer other terms that negatively impact our results of operations in order to successfully compete. Failure to achieve favorable renewals of service contracts could negatively affect our business. Our contracts with our clients for outsourced data processing and electronic payment transaction processing services generally run for a period of six years. We will continue to experience a significant number of these contracts coming up for renewal each year. Renewal time presents our clients with the opportunity to consider other providers or to renegotiate their contracts with us, including reducing the services we provide or negotiating the prices paid for our services. Certain of our renewals have resulted in price compression between the former and renegotiated contracts. If that trend accelerates or becomes more pronounced, it could negatively impact our results of operations. If we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates upon favorable terms, revenues and profit margins will suffer. We may experience increased costs for services from our third-party vendors due to inflation or other cost expansion, but because our client contracts typically have longer terms than our vendor contracts, our ability to pass on those higher costs to clients may be limited. If inflation or costs outpace our contractual ability to adjust pricing during the contractual terms of our client contracts, our revenues and profit margins could be negatively impacted. 16 If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology and the markets we serve, we could lose existing clients and be unable to attract new business. The markets for our products and services are characterized by changing client and regulatory requirements and rapid technological changes. These factors and new product introductions by our existing competitors or by new market entrants could reduce the demand for our existing products and services, and we may be required to develop or acquire new products and services. Our future success is dependent on our ability to enhance our existing products and services in a timely manner and to develop or acquire new products and services. If we are unable to develop or acquire new products and services to address the needs of our clients, or if we fail to sell the new or enhanced products and services in which we have invested, we may incur unanticipated expenses or fail to achieve anticipated revenues, as well as lose prospective sales. The increasing adoption of artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), and generative artificial intelligence into our products introduces significant and evolving risks that could lead to unintended consequences, result in reputational harm, and increased litigation. Our business currently utilizes AI and ML and we continue to evaluate and expand their use, including generative AI, to augment our products and services. While these technologies offer distinct business opportunities, they also bring evolving legal, regulatory, and operational risks. Both state and federal regulations relating to these emerging technologies are quickly and constantly evolving and may require significant resources to modify and maintain business practices to comply with U.S. laws, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time. From an operational standpoint, AI algorithms and training methodologies may create accuracy issues, unintended biases, factual errors, misrepresentations, offensive language, inappropriate statements, or other unexpected outcomes that could undermine product and service quality or lead to errors in our decision-making and solution development. Ineffective or inadequate AI development, testing, evaluation, deployment, content labeling, or governance may impair public acceptance or cause harm, resulting in offerings not working as intended, and we also face explainability risk from our potential inability to interpret or justify AI model decisions, which may lead to concerns about trust, regulatory compliance, and accountability. Additionally, the use of AI tools by associates whether authorized or not for internal functions or business operations may result in unintended or unreliable outputs, which could negatively impact the quality, accuracy, or consistency of work product and decision-making. Our failure to accurately identify and address our responsibilities and liabilities in this new environment could negatively affect any solutions we develop incorporating such technology and could subject us to reputational harm, regulatory action, or litigation, which may harm our financial condition and operating results. These same risks apply to our third-party service providers who are implementing these tools into the products or services they provide to us. Any failures to manage and mitigate these risks by these third-party service providers may negatively affect the products and services we provide our clients. Software defects or problems with installations and updates may harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. Our software products are complex and may contain undetected defects, especially in connection with newly released products and software updates. Software defects may cause interruptions or delays to our services as we attempt to correct the problem. We may also experience difficulties in installing or integrating our products on systems used by our clients. Defects in our software, installation problems or delays, or other difficulties could result in negative publicity, loss of revenues, loss of competitive position, or claims against us by clients. In addition, we rely on technologies and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors or defects that could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. If patches or updates are not properly tested prior to installation, or are not properly installed, our systems and data may be at risk of compromise or interruption as a result of such failures. Expansion of services to non-traditional clients could expose us to new risks. We have expanded our services to business lines that are marketed outside our traditional, regulated, and litigation-averse base of financial institution clients. These non-regulated clients may entail greater operational, credit, and litigation risks than we have faced before and could result in increases in bad debts and litigation costs. Regulatory and Compliance Risks The software and services we provide to our clients are subject to government regulation that could hinder the development of our business, increase costs, or impose constraints on the way we conduct our operations. The financial services industry is subject to extensive and complex federal and state regulation. As a supplier of software and services to financial institutions, portions of our operations are subject to ongoing supervision and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and the National Credit Union Association, among other regulatory agencies. These agencies regulate services we provide and the way we operate, and we are required to comply with a broad range of applicable federal and state laws and regulations. We are routinely subject to the examination process with such regulators, which includes the identification of areas where we can improve our practices to better comply with the applicable regulations and guidelines. If regulators 17 identify significant issues, or if we fail to meet supervisory remediation expectations, we could be subject to regulatory actions that could harm our client relationships and reputation. Failure by third parties, with whom we contract or partner, to comply with regulations or guidelines could also harm our relationships and reputation. Such failures could require significant expenditures to correct and could negatively affect our ability to retain clients and obtain new clients. In addition, existing laws, regulations, and policies could be amended or interpreted differently by regulators in a manner that imposes additional costs and has a negative impact on our existing operations or that limits our future growth or expansion. New regulations could require additional programming or other costly changes in our processes or personnel. Our clients are also regulated entities, and actions by regulatory authorities could influence both the decisions they make concerning the purchase of data processing and other services and the timing and implementation of these decisions. We will be required to apply substantial research and development and other corporate resources to adapt our products to this evolving, complex, and often unpredictable regulatory environment. Our failure to provide compliant solutions could result in significant fines or consumer liability on our clients, for which we may bear ultimate liability. Compliance with new and existing data privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations, and rules may adversely impact our expenses, development, and strategy. We are subject to complex laws, rules, and regulations related to data privacy and cybersecurity. If we fail to comply with such requirements, we could be subject to reputational harm, regulatory enforcement, and litigation. The use, confidentiality, and security of private client information is under increased scrutiny. Regulatory agencies, Congress, state legislatures, and foreign regulatory and governmental bodies are considering numerous regulatory and statutory proposals to protect the interests of consumers and to require compliance with standards and policies that have not been defined. The number of state privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations has grown tremendously over the past several years, resulting in an increasingly complex and fragmented regulatory landscape. These laws often include industry-specific requirements and board consumer data protection obligations. While many of these frameworks share common principles each jurisdiction imposes unique compliance standards, definitions, and obligations that may not align with one another. This lack of uniformity, combined with frequent legislative updates and regulatory amendments, creates ongoing challenges for organizations seeking to maintain consistent and compliant data governance practices across multiple jurisdictions. Further, the FTC and state attorneys general may interpret federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. In addition, compliance with these laws and regulations may require changes to our technology and our internal processes and procedures, including the way that we handle, process, and store data, which could divert company resources and negatively impact growth opportunities. We will also be affected by these regulations as a third-party provider to clients who are subject to such regulations and will seek our assistance in their compliance efforts. Failure to comply or readily address compliance and regulatory rule changes made by payment card networks could adversely affect our business. We are subject to card association and network compliance rules governing the payment networks we serve, including Visa, MasterCard, Zelle, FedNow, and The Clearing House s RTP network, and all rules governing the Payment Card Data Security Standards. If we fail to comply with these rules and standards, we could be fined or our certifications could be suspended or terminated, which could limit our ability to service our clients and result in reductions in revenues and increased costs of operations. Changes made by the networks, even when complied with, may result in reduction in revenues and increased costs of operations. Economic Conditions Risks Natural disasters, public health crises, wars, acts of terrorism, other armed conflict, and workforce shortages could adversely affect our results of operations. The occurrence of, or threat of, natural disasters, widespread public health crises, political unrest, war, acts of terrorism, other armed conflicts involving the United States or foreign countries, or general workforce shortages can result in significant economic disruptions and uncertainties and could adversely affect our business, results of operation, and financial condition. The conditions caused by such events may affect the rate of spending by our clients and their ability to pay for our products and services, delay prospective clients purchasing decisions, interfere with our associates ability to support our business function, disrupt the ability of third-party providers we rely upon to deliver services, adversely impact our ability to provide on-site services or installations to our clients, or reduce the number of transactions we process, all of which could adversely affect our results of operation and financial position. We are unable to accurately predict the impact of such events on our business due to a number of uncertainties, including the duration, severity, geographic reach and governmental responses to such events, the impact on our clients and vendors' operations, and our ability to continue to provide products and services, including the ability of our associates to work remotely. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be harmed. 18 Our business may be adversely impacted by general U.S. and global market and economic conditions or specific conditions in the financial services industry. We derive most of our revenue from products and services we provide to the financial services industry. If the general economic environment worsens, including if inflation or interest rates continue to increase or remain at higher than recent historical levels, or if conditions or regulatory requirements within the financial services industry change such as if financial institutions are required to increase reserve amounts, become subject to new regulatory assessments, or if tariffs or other trade restrictions are imposed or increased clients may be less willing or able to pay the cost of our products and services, and we could face a reduction in demand from current and potential clients for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, a growing portion of our revenue is derived from transaction processing fees, which depend heavily on levels of consumer and business spending. Deterioration in general economic conditions could negatively impact consumer confidence and spending, resulting in reduced transaction volumes and our related revenues. Consolidation and failures of financial institutions will continue to reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. Our primary market consists of approximately 4,440 commercial and savings banks and more than 4,550 credit unions. The number of commercial banks and credit unions in the United States has experienced a steady decrease over recent decades due to mergers and acquisitions and financial failures and we expect this trend to continue as more consolidation occurs. Such events may reduce the number of our current and potential clients, which could negatively impact our results of operations. A client who merges with, or is acquired by, an entity that is not our client, or a client that is closed by regulatory action, can lead to a reduction or loss of services and negatively impact our results of operation. Acquisition Risks Our growth may be affected if we are unable to find or complete suitable acquisitions. We have augmented the growth of our business with a number of acquisitions and we plan to continue to acquire appropriate businesses, products, and services. This strategy depends on our ability to identify, negotiate, and finance suitable acquisitions. Merger and acquisition activity in our industry has affected the availability and pricing of such acquisitions. If we are unable to acquire suitable acquisition candidates, we may experience slower growth. Acquisitions subject us to risks and may be costly and difficult to integrate. Acquisitions are difficult to evaluate, and our due diligence may not identify all potential liabilities or valuation issues. We may also be subject to risks related to cybersecurity incidents or vulnerabilities of the acquired company and the acquired systems. We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired companies. We may encounter problems with the integration of new businesses, including: financial control and computer system compatibility; unanticipated costs and liabilities; unanticipated quality or client problems with acquired products or services; differing regulatory and industry standards; diversion of management's attention; adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and clients; loss of key associates; and significant depreciation and amortization expenses related to acquired assets. To finance future acquisitions, we may have to increase our borrowing or sell equity or debt securities to the public. If we fail to integrate our acquisitions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Failed acquisitions could also produce material and unpredictable impairment charges as we review our acquired assets. Intellectual Property Risks If others claim that we have infringed their intellectual property rights, we could be liable for significant damages or could be required to change our processes. We have agreed to indemnify many of our clients against claims that our products and services infringe on the proprietary rights of others. We also use certain open- source software in our products, which may subject us to suits by persons claiming ownership of what we believe to be open-source software. Infringement claims have been and will in the future be asserted with regard to our software solutions and services. Such claims, whether with or without merit, are time-consuming, may result in costly litigation and may not be resolved on terms favorable to us. If our defense of such claims is not successful, we could be forced to pay damages or could be subject to injunctions that would cause us to cease making or selling certain applications or force us to redesign applications. Our failure to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights may adversely affect our competitive position. Our success and ability to compete depend in part upon protecting our proprietary systems and technology. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or access systems or technology that we consider proprietary. We actively take steps to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, including entering into agreements with users of our services for that purpose and maintaining security measures. However, these steps may be inadequate to prevent misappropriation. Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult and misappropriation or litigation relating to such matters could have a material negative effect on our results of operation. 19 General Risk Factors A material weakness in our internal controls could have a material adverse effect on us. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and to mitigate risk of fraud. If material weaknesses in our internal controls are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required to restate our financial results, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations or financial condition, restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require us to expend significant resources to correct the weaknesses or deficiencies, subject us to fines, penalties or judgments, harm our reputation, or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence. The loss of key associates and difficulties in hiring and retaining associates could adversely affect our business. We depend on the contributions and abilities of our senior management and other key associates. Our Company has grown significantly in recent years and our management remains concentrated in a small number of highly qualified individuals. If we lose one or more of our key associates, we could suffer a loss of managerial experience, and management resources would have to be diverted from other activities to compensate for this loss. We do not have employment agreements with any of our executive officers. We continue to face a competitive market for hiring and retaining skilled associates. Difficulties in hiring and retaining skilled associates may restrict our ability to adequately support our business needs and/or result in increased personnel costs. These challenges are further compounded by the fact that a substantial portion of our workforce operate in hybrid or fully remote arrangements, which introduces additional complexities related to employee engagement, collaboration, training, and the preservation of corporate culture. As we navigate these dynamics, there is no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain the personnel necessary to maintain the Company s strategic direction. Unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or unfavorable future tax law changes could adversely affect our tax expense. Our income tax positions result in a significant net deferred income tax liability on our consolidated balance sheet. Unfavorable future tax law changes, including increasing U.S. corporate tax rates, could increase this net liability and negatively impact our provision for income taxes, net income, and cash flow. The impairment of a significant portion of our goodwill and intangible assets would adversely affect our results of operations. Our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent a significant portion of our total assets as of June 30, 2025. On an annual basis, and whenever circumstances require, we review our goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. If the carrying value of a material asset is determined to be impaired, it will be written down to fair value by a charge to operating earnings. An impairment of a significant portion of our goodwill or intangible assets could have a material negative effect on our operating results. Changes in interest rates could increase our borrowing costs or result in decreased interest income. Although our debt borrowing levels have historically been low, we may require additional or increased borrowings in the future under existing or new debt facilities to support operations, finance acquisitions, or fund stock repurchases. Our current credit facilities bear interest at variable rates. Increases in interest rates on variable-rate debt would increase our interest expense, which could negatively impact our results of operations. Conversely, if interest rates substantially decrease, we would collect less interest income on settlement accounts. 