=== [ES] ir_home_url.html ===
Investors - ABF Share price: Contact About us Our businesses Investors Responsibility Careers Media About Us Go to about us ABF at a glance Our purpose and values Where we operate Our history Corporate governance Board of Directors Board Committees Policies Risk management and internal control Principal risks and uncertainties UK subsidiaries statements Our Businesses Go to our businesses Retail Food Grocery Ingredients Sugar Agriculture A-Z finder Our businesses in action Investors Go to investors Demerger hub Financial performance and KPIs Our strategy and business model Annual Report 2025 Results, annual reports and presentations Regulatory news Financial calendar Share price information Current share price Performance Share trades Shareholder information Annual general meeting Dividend history Dividend reinvestment Registrars Dealing services E-communications Warning to shareholders Debt financing Broker coverage Advisers Responsibility Go to responsibility Our approach Our Group ESG governance Materiality Stakeholder engagement Our material topics Our people People in our supply chains and surrounding communities Carbon and climate Water Waste and packaging Food safety and nutrition Agriculture and farming practices Responsibility in our businesses Retail Grocery Ingredients Sugar Agriculture Reports and data Reports Data Media Go to media News Video library Alerts Media contacts Open Search Careers Go to careers Your growth at ABF Join us Why join ABF? What drives us How we work No barriers to talent Mobile Search Share price: About us ABF at a glance Our purpose and values Where we operate Our history Corporate governance Board of Directors Board Committees Policies Risk management and internal control Principal risks and uncertainties UK subsidiaries statements Our businesses Retail Food Grocery Ingredients Sugar Agriculture A-Z finder Our businesses in action Investors Demerger hub Financial performance and KPIs Our strategy and business model Annual Report 2025 Results, annual reports and presentations Regulatory news Financial calendar Share price information Current share price Performance Share trades Shareholder information Annual general meeting Dividend history Dividend reinvestment Registrars Dealing services E-communications Warning to shareholders Debt financing Broker coverage Advisers Responsibility Our approach Our Group ESG governance Materiality Stakeholder engagement Our material topics Our people People in our supply chains and surrounding communities Carbon and climate Water Waste and packaging Food safety and nutrition Agriculture and farming practices Responsibility in our businesses Retail Grocery Ingredients Sugar Agriculture Reports and data Reports Data Careers Your growth at ABF Join us Why join ABF? What drives us How we work No barriers to talent Media News Video library Alerts Media contacts Contact Our focus is on achieving sustainable growth over the long term Financial headlines As at 13th September 2025 £19.5bn Group revenue £1,734m Adjusted operating profit* £1,244m Gross investment* 141.6p Basic earnings per share £1,483m Operating profit £1,413m Profit before tax £1,696m Adjusted profit before tax* 174.9p Adjusted earnings per share* £390m Net cash before lease liabilities* £2,629m Net debt including lease liabilities* 15.5% Return on average capital employed* (‘ROACE’) 63.0p Dividends per share 57% Women in the workforce 2,410kt ABF Group scope 1 2 (market based) 473 Primark stores and 19.5m sq feet of total selling space *Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) as defined on pages 219 to 223 in the Annual Report . Our financial performance Our annual report Share price View all Results, annual reports and presentations 21 Apr 2026 Interim results for the 24 weeks ended 28 February 2026 Live webcast Live call (listen only) Announcement Presentation View all Financial calendar 02 Jul 2026 Trading update 10 Sep 2026 Trading update 03 Nov 2026 Annual results announcement View all Latest news View all Our approach to ESG Corporate governance ABF remains committed to maintaining high standards of business ethics and integrity across the Group. Governance Responsibility Learn more about the responsible initiatives and efforts across our business. Read more ESG investor days Watch our past ESG investor events to hear more about our approach and work on Environmental, Social and Governance topics. ESG investor days Our purpose and values Our purpose is to provide safe, nutritious, affordable food, and clothing that is great value for money. Our purpose How we create value Find out how our operating model works to create long term value for our stakeholders. Business model Annual Report Our Annual Report for the 52 weeks ended 13 September 2025 is available here. Annual Report Useful shareholder information Annual general meeting Information on the annual general meeting. Read more Dividend history The last dividend payments and dividend history. Read more Broker coverage Information and contact details for brokers and analysts. Read more Advisers Information and contact details for our advisers. Read more Associated British Foods plc Registered in England and Wales No. 293262 at Weston Centre, 10 Grosvenor Street, London W1K 4QY About us ABF at a glance Our purpose Our strategy and business model Corporate governance Where we operate Our history Our Group Retail Grocery Ingredients Sugar Agriculture A-Z finder Quick links Annual Report Responsibility Modern Slavery Act Statement Financial calendar e-Alerts Terms and conditions Privacy notice Accessibility Sitemap Cookie policy Copyright (c) ${year} Associated British Foods plc Our use of cookies We use necessary cookies to make our site work. We d also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. We won t set optional cookies unless you enable them. Using this tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences. For more detailed information about the cookies we use, see our Cookie policy Please adjust your preferences using the options below and save your preferences. Further information in respect of the specific cookies we use is available in our Cookie policy Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are required for the website to run. These cookies are always enabled because our website won t work properly without them. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, or use a shopping cart. You can set your brow