=== VRTX_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, for a discussion of our forward-looking statements and the related risks and uncertainties of such statements. 1 PART I ITEM 1. B USINESS OVERVIEW We are a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, with a focus on specialty markets. We have approved medicines for cystic fibrosis ( CF ), sickle cell disease ( SCD ), transfusion dependent beta thalassemia ( TDT ), and acute pain, and we continue to serially innovate and advance next-generation clinical and research programs in these areas. O ur mid- and late-stage clinical pipeline includes programs across a range of modalities in additional serious diseases, including IgA nephropathy, APOL1-mediated kidney disease, neuropathic pain, type 1 diabetes, primary membranous nephropathy, autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease, and myotonic dystrophy type 1 . The following chart sets forth our approved products, clinical-stage programs, and select pre-clinical programs: We are advancing five pivotal programs across multiple disease areas: IgA Nephropathy . We are developing povetacicept, a dual inhibitor of the B cell activating factor ( BAFF ) and a proliferation-inducing ligand ( APRIL ) pathways, as a potentially best-in-class approach to treat IgA nephropathy ( IgAN ), a serious, progressive, life-threatening kidney disease that often progresses to end-stage renal disease . We completed enrollment in the IgAN Phase 3 clinical trial and submitted the first module of the rolling Biologics Licensing Application ( BLA ) for povetacicept in IgAN in the fourth quarter of 2025. We expect to complete the submission for potential accelerated approval in the U.S. in the first half of 2026 . APOL1-Mediated Kidney Disease. We are developing inaxaplin, a small molecule inhibitor of APOL1 as a potential first-in-class treatment for APOL1-mediated kidney disease ( AMKD ) . We have completed the enrollment of the interim analysis cohort of the Phase 2/3 clinical trial and will conduct the pre-planned interim analysis once this cohort reaches 48 weeks of treatment. W e expect to share data from the interim analysis in late 2026 or early 2027 . Peripheral Neuropathic Pain. We are developing suzetrigine, a selective non-opioid NaV1.8 pain signal inhibitor, for diabetic peripheral neuropathy ( DPN ), a common form of peripheral neuropathic pain. We are evaluating suzetrigine for the treatment of DPN in two Phase 3 clinical trials. We expect to complete enrollment in both Phase 3 clinical trials by the end of 2026. 2 Type 1 Diabetes. Z imislecel is an allogeneic stem-cell derived, fully differentiated islet cell therapy in pivotal development for the treatment of type 1 diabetes ( T1D ). We have completed enrollment in the Phase 1/2/3 clinical trial of zimislecel in people with T1D. We have temporarily postponed completion of the dosing in this clinical trial, pending an ongoing internal manufacturing analysis. Primary Membranous Nephropathy. We are also developing povetacicept to treat primary membranous nephropathy ( pMN ), a rare and serious autoimmune glomerular disease that can lead to kidney damage and renal failure, and which has no treatments specifically approved for this condition. We continue to enroll and dose patients in the adaptive Phase 2/3 pivotal trial in people with pMN. We expect to complete the Phase 2 portion of the clinical trial and to initiate the Phase 3 portion in mid-2026. Our core strategy is to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative medicines by combining transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and the science of therapeutics, to dramatically advance human health. We focus on validated targets that address causal human biology, predictive lab assays and clinical biomarkers, rapid paths to registration and approval, and product candidates that hold the potential for transformative patient benefit. Our approach includes advancing multiple compounds or therapies from each program into early clinical trials to obtain patient data that can inform selection of the most promising therapies for later stage development as well as inform our ongoing discovery and development efforts. We aim to serially innovate in our disease areas of interest and follow our first-in-class therapies with potential best-in-class candidates. We plan to continue investing to advance our strategy, fostering scientific innovation by identifying additional product candidates through internal research efforts, and investing in business development transactions to access emerging technologies, products and product candidates. Our serial innovation approach is intended to increase the likelihood of successfully bringing transformative medicines to patients and to provide durable clinical and commercial success. We are working to ensure broad access for eligible patients with these conditions in all countries with regulatory approval. Within our clinical pipeline, we are rapidly progressing multiple programs into pivotal development. We maintain a strong financial profile as we continue to invest in our serial innovation strategy, launch new products, advance our diverse pipeline, and expand geographically. 3 MARKETED PRODUCTS Information regarding our marketed products, including information regarding the disease area, initial approval and age group for which the therapy is approved, are set forth in the table below. Disease Initial Approval Eligible Age Group (1) Cystic Fibrosis 2024 6 years of age and older 2019 2 years of age and older 2018 6 years of age and older 2015 1 year of age and older 2012 1 month of age and older Sickle Cell Disease and Transfusion-Dependent Beta Thalassemia 2023 12 years of age and older Acute Pain 2025 Adults (1) Specifies the youngest eligible age group in any major market. CF CF is a life-shortening genetic disease caused by a defective or missing cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance receptor ( CFTR ) protein resulting from mutations in the CFTR gene. The absence of working CFTR protein results in poor flow of salt and water into and out of cells in a number of organs, including the lungs, where mucus builds up, causing chronic lung infections and progressive lung damage. Our CFTR modulators, including ivacaftor, deutivacaftor, lumacaftor, tezacaftor, elexacaftor, and vanzacaftor, target the underlying cause of disease by improving CFTR protein function, and as such have been shown to provide transformative benefit for people living with CF. Our marketed CF medicines, ALYFTREK (vanzacaftor/tezacaftor/deutivacaftor) , TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO (elexacaftor/ tezacaftor/ivacaftor and ivacaftor), SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI (tezacaftor/ivacaftor and ivacaftor), ORKAMBI (lumacaftor/ ivacaftor) and KALYDECO (ivacaftor) , are being used by nearly three quarters of the approximately 97,000 people with CF in the U.S., Europe, Australia, and Canada. We estimate that there are approximately 112,000 people with CF in all target markets. 4 Our CF medicines are reimbursed or accessible in more than 60 countries across six continents. ALYFTREK, our most- recently approved triple combination CF medicine, has the benefit of a once-daily dosing regimen and demonstrated non- inferiority to TRIKAFTA in ppFEV 1 , a measure of lung function, and an improvement in sweat chloride levels as compared to TRIKAFTA. We expect that the majority of people with CF will transition to ALYFTREK over time. Sickle Cell Disease and Transfusion-Dependent Beta Thalassemia SCD and TDT are hemoglobinopathies, a group of inherited blood disorders that result from gene mutations that alter hemoglobin, a protein in red blood cells that delivers oxygen throughout the body. SCD is caused by the change of a single amino acid in the -hemoglobin gene that causes red cells to change shape in settings of low oxygen. These sickled cells block blood flow and can lead to severe pain (known as vaso-occlusive crises), organ damage, and shortened life span. Treatment is typically focused on relieving pain and minimizing organ damage, requiring medication and, for some patients, monthly blood transfusions and frequent hospital visits. Beta thalassemia is caused by loss-of-function mutations in the same -hemoglobin gene that lead to severe anemia in patients, which causes fatigue and shortness of breath. In infants, beta thalassemia causes failure to thrive, jaundice, and feeding problems. Complications of beta thalassemia can lead to an enlarged spleen, liver and/or heart, misshapen bones and delayed puberty. Treatment for beta thalassemia varies depending on the disease severity for each patient. People with TDT, the most severe form of the disease, require regular blood transfusions, as frequently as every two to four weeks. Repeated blood transfusions eventually cause an unhealthy buildup of iron in the patient, leading to organ damage. CASGEVY (exagamglogene autotemcel), our ex-vivo, non-viral CRISPR/Cas9-based gene-editing therapy for severe SCD and TDT, is approved in the U.S. and across multiple geographies including Europe, Canada, and the Middle East . We estimate approximately 60,000 people with severe SCD or TDT are or could become eligible for CASGEVY in these geographies. To receive CASGEVY, patients first undergo a treatment at an authorized treatment center ( ATC ) that mobilizes a population of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells ( HSPC ) from the bone marrow into the bloodstream. These cells are collected from the patient s bloodstream and transferred to a manufacturing facility where the HSPCs are isolated and CRISPR/Cas9 gene-editing is performed on the cells. The gene-editing procedure results in a precise and specific gene-edit in a non-coding intron of the BCL11A gene. Following manufacturing, the edited cells, now called CASGEVY, are transferred back to the ATC. Patients are preconditioned with a myeloablative conditioning treatment that ablates their bone marrow to create space for the edited cells. After CASGEVY is infused into the patient and the edited cells engraft, the levels of fetal hemoglobin erythrocytes increase, thereby reducing or eliminating symptoms associated with disease. Efficacy data support the profile of CASGEVY as a potential one-time functional cure for people with severe SCD and TDT. CASGEVY is broadly reimbursed by third-party payors in the U.S., including the federal government and commercial payors. In addition, we have agreements with national and regional payors covering more than 275 million lives, to provide access to CASGEVY. Outside of the U.S., patients have access to CASGEVY in Austria, Denmark, the U.K., Italy, Luxembourg, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and Kuwait. We continue to expand access and pursue additional long-term reimbursement arrangements and to engage with payors in the E.U. and the Middle East. Globally in 2025, approximately 300 people with SCD or TDT initiated treatment with CASGEVY, 147 people had their first cell collection for CASGEVY, and 64 people received infusions of CASGEVY. In 2026, w e expect to reach more eligible patients and drive patient infusions through our global ATC network . Acute Pain Acute pain is a disabling condition that may occur suddenly but typically lasts less than 90 days and resolves in days or weeks (for example, following surgery or an injury). It is estimated that over 80 million people are prescribed a medicine for acute pain every year in the U.S. Currently available treatments have limitations around efficacy or side effects, including a risk of addiction with opioids. Because of these challenges, over- and under-utilization, as well as misutilization, of current pain medicines may occur. JOURNAVX (suzetrigine) is a first-in-class, oral pain signal inhibitor that is highly selective for voltage-gated sodium channel NaV1.8 . Through this mechanism, JOURNAVX provides effective relief of pain without evidence of the several limitations of other currently available therapies, including the addictive potential of opioids. JOURNAVX was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) in January 2025 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe acute pain in adults . 5 Since JOURNAVX became available at U.S. p harmacies in March 2025 and through the end of 2025, more than 550,000 prescriptions were written and filled across the hospital and retail settings in different acute pain conditions, consistent with the product s broad label. We have secured access for JOURNAVX with all three national pharmacy benefit managers, and a s of January 2026, more than 200 million individuals across commercial and government payors hav e coverage to JOURNAVX, representing two-thirds of U.S. covered lives. In addition, 21 states provide coverage via Medicaid. C OMMERCIALIZATION OF OUR MEDICINES We sell our medicines primarily to a limited number of specialty pharmacy and specialty distributors globally, as well as to certain major wholesalers in the U.S. Our customers in the U.S. subsequently resell our medicines to patients, health care providers, retail pharmacies, hospitals, or ATCs. Outside of the U.S., we generate sales primarily through distributor arrangements and to retail pharmacies, as well as to hospitals and clinics, many of which are government-owned or supported customers. In certain markets, we may not utilize a specialty distributor or specialty pharmacy to distribute CASGEVY and instead may sell CASGEVY directly to ATCs. We contract with government agencies so that our medicines will be eligible for purchase by, or partial or full reimbursement from, such third-party payors. We promote the use of our medicines directly to healthcare professionals and organizations such as doctors, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, pharmacists, hospitals, and pharmacy benefit managers. Through our field sales and medical organizations, we explain the risks and benefits of our medicines to these healthcare professionals and organizations. Our marketing is limited to the approved uses of the particular medicine. We also continue to develop scientific data and other information about potential additional uses of our medicines and provide such information through clinical or medical affairs teams as scientific exchange at scientific congresses or in other ways, including the development of publications, or in response to unsolicited inquiries from healthcare professionals and organizations. In the U.S., we also market directly to consumers by communicating the approved uses, benefits and risks. We are dedicated to helping patients obtain access to our therapies. We work to gain access for our medicines on formularies and reimbursement plans (lists of formulary-recommended or approved medicines and other products) by providing information about the clinical profiles of our medicines. Our patient support representatives help patients understand their insurance coverage and, in the U.S., we have established programs that provide co-pay assistance or free medicine for qualified uninsured or underinsured patients, based on specific eligibility criteria. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS We invest in research and development to discover and develop transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, with a focus on specialty markets. Our research strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and in the science of therapeutics to dramatically advance human health. We focus on: disease areas with known causal human biology; targets validated by causal human biology; predictive lab assays and clinical biomarkers; potential for transformative benefit regardless of modality; and efficient path to registration and approval. Our development-stage product candidates are focused on the treatment of serious diseases. In pursuit of serial innovation, our research and development approach includes advancing multiple candidates into clinical trials and pursuing multiple modalities with the goal of bringing first-in-class and/or best-in-class therapies to patients. Our research and development strategy has been validated through our success in moving novel product candidates into clinical trials and obtaining marketing approvals for our five CF medicines, CASGEVY, and JOURNAVX. Our approach to drug discovery has been further validated by ongoing pivotal development in five additional disease areas: in IgAN and pMN with povetacicept, in AMKD with inaxaplin, in T1D with zimislecel, and in diabetic peripheral neuropathy with suzetrigine. To augment our internal programs, we acquire businesses and technologies and collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, government laboratories, foundations and other organizations to advance research in our disease areas of interest, as well as to access technologies needed to execute on our strategy. Our 6 internal and external innovation approaches are based on the same strategy, which enables us to effectively integrate and execute on new internal capabilities as we invest in external innovation. Our investments in external innovation include our collaboration with CRISPR, which resulted in the successful development and approval of CASGEVY; our acquisition of Semma Therapeutics, Inc. ( Semma ), which established and advanced our T1D program; our expansion of our renal programs through our acquisition of Alpine Immune Sciences, Inc. ( Alpine ); our mRNA therapeutic, VX-522, for treatment of CF through our collaboration with Moderna ; and our intracellular therapeutic for myotonic dystrophy type 1 ( DM1 ), VX-670, through our collaboration with Entrada. CF Our goal in CF is to continue to extend our leadership by developing treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with CF. W e have completed the Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating TRIKAFTA/KAFTR IO in children one year to less than two years of age. T he data showed that TRIKAFTA was generally safe and well-tolerated, consistent with the established s afety profil e. Treatment with TRIKAFTA in this age group resulted in rapid, robust, and clinically meaningful improvement in the secondary endpoint of sweat chloride reduction. We expect to begin submissions for global regulatory approvals in this age group in the first half of 2026. We completed the global trial evaluating ALYFTREK in children 2 to 5 years of age. The data showed that ALYFTREK was generally safe and well-tolerated, consistent with the established safety profile. Treatment with ALYFTREK in this age group resulted in a clinically meaningful improvement in the CFTR function as measured by sweat chloride. We expect to submit for approval with global regulators in this age group in the first half of 2026. In addition, we initiated a pivotal trial evaluating ALYFTREK in children one to less than two years of age. W e estimate that nearly 95% of people with CF could benefit from our five approved medicines, and, in connection with our serial innovation approach, we continue to identify and develop additional CFTR modulators with the goal of developing best-in-class medicines that can treat more people with CF. We h ave advanced several next-generation, 3.0 CFTR modulators into the clinic. VX-828 is the first of these and is being evaluated in a proof-of-concept clinical trial of people with CF . We expect to complete enrollment and dosing in the first half of 2026. W e are also enrolling and dosing in a Phase 1 clinical trial of VX-581, another corrector in the next-generation 3.0 class, in healthy volunteers. To treat people with CF who do not make full-length CFTR protein, and as a result, cannot benefit from our CFTR modulators, we are researching and developing genetic therapies, such as mRNA, and gene-editing approaches to CF. In collaboration with Moderna, we are developing VX-522, a nebulized CF mRNA therapeutic designed to treat the underlying cause of CF lung disease for these people by enabling cells in the lungs to produce functional CFTR protein. We are targeting completion of dosing in the multiple ascending dose portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating VX-522 and disclosure of the data in the second half of 202 6. Sickle Cell Disease and Transfusion-Dependent Beta Thalassemia In December 2025, we presented positive data from the pivotal trials evaluating CASGEVY in children 5 to 11 years of age with severe SCD (the CLIMB SCD-151 clinical trial) and TDT (the CLIMB THAL-141 clinical trial ). We expect to initiate global regulatory submissions for this age group, including in the U.S., in the first half of 2026 . In the U.S., CASGEVY has received a Commissioner s National Priority Voucher for use in this age group , which is meant to accelerate the FDA s review of the application once submitted. In connection with our serial innovation approach, we are advancing preclinical assets for myeloablative conditioning agents with improved tolerability profiles, which we refer to as improved conditioning agents, which could be used in connection with treatment with CASGEVY, significantly broadening the eligible SCD and TDT patient population. We are also investigating in vivo gene-editing approaches and small molecules for the potential treatment of SCD and TDT. Pain Pain can be debilitating and develop from a variety of conditions. Most commonly, people with pain can be categorized as suffering from one of three types of pain: acute pain, chronic neuropathic pain (caused primarily by damage or dysfunction of peripheral nerves), or chronic musculoskeletal pain (caused primarily by damage to muscle, joints or bone). Acute pain usually resolves in days or weeks (for example, following surgery or an injury), while chronic pain generally lasts greater than three months due to unresolved or ongoing damage to tissues or nerves. Currently available treatments have limitations 7 around efficacy or side effects, including a risk of addiction. Because of these challenges, over, under, and mis-utilization of current pain medicines may occur. The sodium channels NaV1.8 and NaV1.7 play important roles in the physiology of pain. We have discovered multiple selective small molecule inhibitors of NaV1.8 as potential treatments for pain. We obtained pharmacological validation of NaV1.8 inhibition with a first generation NaV1.8 inhibitor in acute pain, chronic neuropathic pain, and chronic musculoskeletal pain. Acute Pain In August 2025, we announced results from the Phase 2 placebo-controlled dose-ranging clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of VX-993, an investigational selective NaV1.8 pain signal inhibitor, for the treatment of acute pain following bunionectomy surgery. The clinical trial was powered to determine whether VX-993 would result in higher clinical efficacy than previously demonstrated with the NaV1.8 pathway. Based on the efficacy results of the clinical trial, we did not expect VX-993 to be superior to suzetrigine and therefore chose not to further advance VX-993 as monotherapy in acute pain. VX-993 was generally safe and well-tolerated. Peripheral Neuropathic Pain There are no approved medicines in the U.S. that are labeled for the treatment of peripheral neuropathic pain. We are evaluating suzetrigine, our selective non-opioid NaV1.8 pain signal inhibitor, for the treatment of DPN, a type of peripheral neuropathic pain, in two Phase 3 clinical trials. We expect to complete enrollment in both Phase 3 clinical trials by the end of 2026. The FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation to suzetrigine in DPN. We are also enrolling and dosing people with DPN in a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating VX-993. In connection with our serial innovation approach, we are advancing multiple NaV1.8 inhibitors and NaV1.7 inhibitors, which could be used alone or in combination, for the treatment of acute pain and peripheral neuropathic pain . IgA Nephropathy IgAN is a serious, progressive, life-threatening chronic kidney disease driven by uncontrolled autoreactive B cell activity that causes inflammation and damage to the kidneys. It is the most common cause of primary glomerulonephritis worldwide. We estimate that IgAN affects approximately 330,000 people in the U.S. and Europe, and, globally, more than 1.5 million people are diagnosed with IgAN. A high percentage of people with IgAN progress to end-stage kidney disease. IgAN is thought to occur when the body produces an abnormal form of IgA, a type of antibody that normally helps the body fight infections. The body generates an abnormal immune response, including antibodies (autoantibodies), against this abnormal IgA, and these antibodies can combine to create larger molecules called immune complexes. These immune complexes can deposit in the kidneys, triggering damage and inflammation, especially within the glomeruli, impairing the kidneys ability to properly filter waste and fluid. We are developing povetacicept for multiple diseases and believe that it has pipeline-in-a-product potential. Povetacicept is a potent dual inhibitor of the BAFF and APRIL cytokines, which promote B cell proliferation, differentiation and survival, and provides B cell control by inhibiting the ability of BAFF and APRIL to drive the pathogenesis of multiple autoimmune diseases, such as IgAN, pMN and generalized myasthenia gravis ( gMG ) (as described below). Povetacicept was specifically engineered to achieve improvements in binding affinity, potency, pharmacokinetics, and tissue distribution. Povetacicept has demonstrated potential best-in-class efficacy in a global Phase 1/2 clinical trial in people with IgAN. A small volume dose of povetacicept is expected to be self-administered at home once every four weeks via a subcutaneous auto-injector. We completed enrollment in RAINIER, the global Phase 3 pivotal trial of povetacicept versus placebo in people with IgAN. The clinical trial design contemplates a pre-planned interim analysis evaluating the change from baseline in urine protein-to-creatine ratio ( UPCR ) after a certain number of patients reach 36 weeks of treatment. We expect to share data from the interim analysis in the first half of 2026 . If positive, the interim analysis may serve as the basis to seek accelerated approval in the U.S. The final analysis will occur when patients reach two years of treatment and will evaluate total eGFR (estimated glomerular filtration rate) slope. The FDA has granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation for povetacicept in IgAN. We submitted the first module of the IgAN BLA to the FDA at the end of 2025 under the rolling submission pathway, 8 and we expect to complete the submission in the first half of 2026, pending positive results from the interim analysis. We are using a priority review voucher to expedite the FDA review of the povetacicept BLA from ten months to six months. Our serial innovation approach continues with respect to IgAN and other B cell-mediated diseases. APOL1-Mediated Kidney Disease AMKD is a rapidly progressive, proteinuric kidney disease caused by variants in the APOL1 gene. In AMKD, the kidney s filtering units, known as the glomeruli, and within them the cells known as podocytes, are damaged, leading to leakage of protein into the urine, deterioration in kidney function, scarring, and, ultimately, end stage renal disease. People with AMKD progress to end stage kidney disease at a faster rate than those with other forms of chronic kidney disease and reach kidney failure at a median age of 45 years old. AMKD occurs in people with African ancestry, with an estimated patient population of approximately 150,000 people in the U.S. and Europe. In addition, we estimate that there are approximately 100,000 people with AMKD with comorbidities, such as type 2 diabetes, in the U.S. and Europe . In a Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical trial, people with APOL1-mediated focal segmental glomerulosclerosis ( FSGS ) treated with inaxaplin on top of standard of care achieved a statistically significant, substantial, and clinically meaningful reduction of proteinuria. I naxaplin was generally safe and well tolerated by patients. Based on the positive Phase 2 data, the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation to inaxaplin for FSGS and the European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) granted Priority Medicines ( PRIME ) designation to inaxaplin for AMKD. We initiated pivotal development of inaxaplin in a single Phase 2/3 adaptive clinical trial ( AMPLITUDE ) in people with AMKD in 2022. We completed enrollment of the interim analysis cohort of AMPLITUDE in 2025 and we expect to conduct the pre-planned interim analysis once this cohort has been treated for 48 weeks. W e expect to share data from the interim analysis in late 2026 or early 202 7, and w e expect to complete full enrollment in the AMPLITUDE clinical trial in the second half of 2026. Our serial innovation strategy in AMKD focuses on indication expansion: evaluating inaxaplin in new populations of people with AMKD not included in the AMPLITUDE clinical trial. The Phase 2 clinical trial ( AMPLIFIED ) evaluates inaxaplin as a treatment for people with AMKD with moderate proteinuria, or with AMKD and type 2 diabetes, two populations that are not being studied in the AMPLITUDE trial. We expect to complete the AMPLIFIED clinical trial and share results in mid-2026. Type 1 Diabetes T1D is a chronic metabolic disorder caused by insufficient insulin secretion by the beta cells in the pancreas. In people with T1D, the insulin-producing islet cells of the pancreas are destroyed by the person s own immune system, resulting in a lack of insulin and impairment of blood glucose control. While insulin therapy allows patients to live for decades with the disease, challenges of insulin therapy include inadequate control of blood sugar (both hyper- and hypo-glycemia), a substantial burden of care on patients and f