=== BBY_2025-05-01.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material pursuant to 240.14a-12 BEST BUY CO., INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS BEST BUY CO., INC. 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield, Minnesota 55423 Notice of 2025 Regular Meeting of Shareholders Time 9:00 a.m., Central Time Friday, June 13, 2025 Place Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BBY2025 Internet Submit pre-meeting questions online by visiting www.proxyvote.com and attend the Regular Meeting of Shareholders online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BBY2025 Record Date You may vote if you were a shareholder of Best Buy Co., Inc. as of the close of business on Monday, April 14, 2025. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE REGULAR MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 13, 2025: This Notice of 2025 Regular Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025, are available at www.proxyvote.com . Richfield, Minnesota May 1, 2025 Items of Business Management Proposals 1. To elect the eleven director nominees listed herein to serve on our Board of Directors for a term of one year. 2. To ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026. 3. To conduct a non-binding advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation. 4. To request shareholder approval of Amendment No. 1 to our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Shareholder Proposals 5-8. To vote on four shareholder proposals, if properly presented at the meeting. Other Business 9. To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting. Proxy Voting Your vote is important. You may vote via proxy as a shareholder of record: By visiting www.proxyvote.com on the internet By calling (within the U.S. or Canada) toll-free at 1-800-690-6903 By signing and returning your proxy card if you have received paper materials For shares held through a broker, bank or other nominee, you may vote by submitting voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee. Regardless of whether you expect to attend the meeting, please vote your shares in one of the ways outlined above. By Order of the Board of Directors Todd G. Hartman Secretary TABLE OF CONTENTS Help Us Make a Difference by Eliminating Paper Proxy Mailings to Your Home or Business. As permitted by rules adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), we are furnishing proxy materials to our shareholders primarily via the internet. On or about May 1, 2025, we mailed or otherwise made available to our shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials, including our proxy statement and our Annual Report. The Notice of Internet Availability also includes instructions to access your form of proxy to vote via the internet. Certain shareholders, in accordance with their prior requests, have received e-mail notification of how to access our proxy materials and vote via the internet or have been mailed paper copies of our proxy materials and proxy card. Internet distribution of our proxy materials is designed to expedite receipt by our shareholders, lower the cost of the Regular Meeting of Shareholders and conserve precious natural resources. If you would prefer to receive paper proxy materials, please follow the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability. If you have previously elected to receive our proxy materials electronically, you will continue to receive e-mail notification with instructions to access these materials via the internet unless you elect otherwise. Attending the Regular Meeting of Shareholders We invite you to attend the 2025 Regular Meeting of Shareholders (the Meeting ) virtually. There will not be a physical meeting. You will be able to attend the Meeting virtually, vote your shares electronically, and submit your questions during the Meeting by visiting: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BBY2025 and following the instructions on your proxy card. The Meeting starts at 9:00 a.m. Central Time . You do not need to attend the Meeting online to vote if you submitted your vote via proxy in advance of the Meeting. You can vote via telephone, the internet or by mail by following the instructions on your proxy card or voting instruction form provided by your broker, bank or other nominee. A replay of the Meeting will be available on www.investors.bestbuy.com . TABLE OF CONTENTS A message from David Kenny Chair of the Board Dear Shareholders, I am happy to share the progress Best Buy has made during fiscal year 2025. Despite facing a challenging business environment and broad macroeconomic hurdles, Best Buy s leadership team and employees remained steadfast in their focus on the Company s strategy. Their disciplined operational execution and commitment led to creating inspiring experiences for our customers. And most notably, Best Buy achieved positive comparable sales in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year, marking the first quarter of positive comparable sales growth since the third quarter of fiscal year 2022. This significant achievement underscores the team s talent and resilience. Several key factors contributed to the execution and have positioned the Company well for the future. This year, we launched our bold, new branding and made strategic investments in both our digital business and our in-store experiences. By emphasizing personalization and igniting elements of discovery, these investments have elevated customer experiences across all touchpoints. Our My Best Buy membership program had higher engagement across all three tiers and ended the year with nearly 8 million paid members. My Best Buy not only provides value to members but also serves as a source of growth for our rich, first-party data. Our data, in turn, fuels other major initiatives, like Best Buy Ads, our retail media network. During the fiscal year, the Company continued to build and scale new profit streams. We believe fiscal year 2026 will be pivotal for Best Buy Ads, and we expect the rollout of our U.S. Marketplace to provide further growth opportunities in our core business. In fiscal year 2025, Best Buy returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Demonstrating our commitment to being a premium dividend payer, the Company increased its quarterly dividend to $0.95 per share in fiscal 2026. We are proud to have raised our quarterly dividend for 12 consecutive years. We also continued to support our employees. The Company s ongoing efforts in onboarding, training and fostering a stable and engaging culture led to remarkable achievements. Our dedication to our people is grounded in the Company s values and amplified by our commitment to a culture of belonging. I am proud of the results. In fiscal year 2025, the Company had the lowest employee turnover in six years and achieved record high employee engagement scores. We look forward to building on this momentum and are incredibly confident in the strategy and in the dedication of more than 80,000 employees who work passionately to bring it to life. Finally, we believe it is a tremendous privilege to compete with the world s leading retailers. Best Buy continues to be the trusted source for cutting-edge technology, offering a broad range of products, unique in-store and digital experiences, and expert services. Our deep commitment to enriching lives through technology remains at the core of everything we do. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to extend gratitude to every employee for their unwavering commitment to our customers, partners and communities. It is an honor to work together in pursuit of the Company s purpose and to generate value for our stakeholders. Thank you for your continued support of this extraordinary Company. David Kenny Chair of the Board TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Proxy Summary 1 General Information 11 Background 11 Voting Procedures 13 Proxy Solicitation 15 Additional Information 16 Corporate Governance at Best Buy 17 Board Leadership 17 Board Composition 18 Director Independence 18 Board Meetings and Attendance 19 Executive Sessions of Independent Directors 19 Committees of the Board 20 Board Risk Oversight 22 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Risk Oversight 22 Compensation Risk Assessment 23 Cybersecurity and Privacy Risk Oversight 23 Board Evaluation Process 24 CEO Evaluation Process 24 Director Orientation and Continuing Education 24 Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policies 24 Director Stock Ownership 25 Shareholder Engagement 25 Corporate Responsibility Sustainability 25 Public Policy 27 Securities Trading Policy 27 Communications with the Board 28 Corporate Governance Website 28 Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors 29 General Information 29 Director Nomination Process 29 Advance Notice and Proxy Access By-Law Provisions 30 Director Qualification Standards 30 Summary of Director Qualifications Experience 31 Director Nominees 32 Voting Information 44 Board Voting Recommendation 44 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 45 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 47 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 47 Audit Committee Report 48 Committee Meetings 48 Fiscal 2025 Audited Financial Statements 48 Item of Business No. 2 Ratification of Appointment of Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 49 Principal Accountant Services and Fees 49 Pre-Approval Policy 49 Board Voting Recommendation 50 Item of Business No. 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 51 Information About the Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 51 Board Voting Recommendation 51 Executive and Director Compensation 52 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 52 Executive Summary 53 Compensation Philosophy, Objectives and Policies 54 Governance 55 Factors in Decision-Making 56 Executive Compensation Elements 57 Compensation and Human Resources Committee Report on Executive Compensation 65 Compensation and Human Resources Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 65 Compensation of Executive Officers 66 Summary Compensation Table 66 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 68 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 69 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 72 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 73 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-of-Control 73 Director Compensation 77 Equity Compensation Plan Information 79 CEO Pay Ratio 79 Pay Versus Performance 80 Item of Business No. 4 Approval of Amendment No. 1 to our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 84 General Information 84 Reasons for Amendment No. 1 84 Historical Equity Granting Practices and Voting Power Dilution 84 Key Features of the 2020 Plan 85 Shares Available for Awards 86 Administration 87 Eligible Participants 87 Types of Awards and Terms and Conditions 87 Termination and Amendment 89 Federal Tax Consequences 89 Registration with the SEC 90 Plan Benefits 91 Equity Compensation Plan Information 91 Board Voting Recommendation 91 TABLE OF CONTENTS Shareholder Proposals 92 Item of Business No. 5 Support for Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent 93 General Information 93 Shareholder Proposal Support for Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent 94 Statement in Opposition 95 Board Voting Recommendation 97 Item of Business No. 6 Shareholder Proposal Request to Cease CEI Participation 98 General Information 98 Shareholder Proposal Request to Cease CEI Participation 99 Statement in Opposition 100 Board Voting Recommendation 100 Item of Business No. 7 Shareholder Proposal Publish a Report on the Company's LGBTQIA+ Inclusion Efforts in its Human Capital Management Strategy 101 General Information 101 Shareholder Proposal Publish a Report on the Company s LGBTQIA+ Inclusion Efforts in its Human Capital Management Strategy 102 Statement in Opposition 103 Board Voting Recommendation 103 Item of Business No. 8 Shareholder Proposal Publish Climate Transition Plan to Achieve Stated Goals 104 General Information 104 Shareholder Proposal Publish Climate Transition Plan to Achieve Stated Goals 105 Statement in Opposition 106 Board Voting Recommendation 106 Other Business 107 Proposals for the Next Regular Meeting of Shareholders 108 Schedule: Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 109 Annex A A-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Cautionary Statement Pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), provide a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their companies. With the exception of historical information, the matters discussed in this proxy statement on Schedule 14A are forward-looking statements and may be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, appear, approximate, assume, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, foresee, guidance, intend, may, might, outlook, plan, possible, project seek, should, would, and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negatives thereof. Such statements reflect our current view with respect to future events and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. A variety of factors could cause our future results to differ materially from the anticipated results expressed in such forward-looking statements. Readers should review Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of important factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements made in this proxy statement on Schedule 14A. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this proxy statement or as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary At our 2025 Regular Meeting of Shareholders, we are asking shareholders to vote on eight key items. This section highlights information contained in other parts of this proxy statement. We encourage you to review the entire proxy statement for more detail on these items, as well as our Annual Report and our CEO s Letter to Shareholders posted on our website at www.investors.bestbuy.com . Items of Business for Vote at our Regular Meeting of Shareholders This year, we are requesting your support for the following Items of Business: Item Number Item Description Board Recommendation Management Proposals 1 Election of Directors We have eleven director nominees standing for election this year. More information about our nominees qualifications and experience can be found starting on page 29 . FOR EACH NOMINEE 2 Ratification of Appointment of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We are asking our shareholders to ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026, as described on page 49 . FOR 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation We are seeking, in an advisory capacity, approval by our shareholders of our named executive officer compensation, the Say on Pay vote. Our Compensation Discussion Analysis ( CD A ), which begins on page 51 , describes our executive compensation programs and decisions for fiscal 2025. FOR 4 Approval of Amendment No. 1 to our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan We are requesting that shareholders approve Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment No. 1 ) to our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), our primary vehicle to award long-term incentive-based compensation. The amendment focuses on a request for additional shares under the Plan. In-depth detail about the Amendment No. 1 can be found beginning on page 84 . FOR 2025 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary __________________________________ Item Number Item Description Board Recommendation Shareholder Proposals 5 Shareholder Proposal Support for Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent, if properly presented We are seeking your vote against the shareholder proposal requesting that our Board take steps necessary to permit written consent by shareholders. The proposal and our opposition statement can be found starting on page 93 . AGAINST 6 Shareholder Proposal Request to Cease CEI Participation, if properly presented We are seeking your vote against the shareholder proposal requesting that our Board consider ending the Company s participation in the Human Rights Campaign s Corporate Equality Index. The proposal and our opposition statement can be found starting on page 98 . AGAINST 7 Shareholder Proposal Report on the Company s LGBTQIA+ Inclusion Efforts in its Human Capital Management Strategy, if properly presented We are seeking your vote against the shareholder proposal requesting that our Board publish a public report on our LGBTQIA+ inclusion efforts in our human capital management strategy. The proposal and our opposition statement can be found starting on page 101 . AGAINST 8 Shareholder Proposal Publish Climate Transition Plan to Achieve Stated Goals, if properly presented We are seeking your vote against the shareholder proposal requesting that our Board issue a climate transition action plan above and beyond our existing disclosure. The proposal and our opposition statement can be found starting on page 104 . AGAINST Attending the Meeting How will the Meeting be conducted? The Meeting will be conducted online, in a fashion similar to an in-person meeting. Our Board members and executive officers will attend the Meeting and be available for questions. You may attend the Meeting online, vote your shares electronically and submit your questions during the Meeting by visiting our virtual shareholder forum at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BBY2025 and following the instructions on your proxy card. How can I ask questions during the Meeting? Questions may be submitted prior to the Meeting, or you may submit questions during the Meeting through our virtual shareholder forum. We are committed to acknowledging questions we receive in the time allotted. We will allot approximately fifteen minutes for questions during the Meeting and submitted questions must follow our Rules of Conduct in order to be addressed during the Meeting. If we are unable to answer your question during the Meeting due to time constraints, you are encouraged to contact the Best Buy Investor Relations department at investorrelations@bestbuy.com . Our Rules of Conduct are posted on the forum. What can I do if I need technical assistance during the Meeting? If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual Meeting during the check-in or Meeting time, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the Virtual Shareholder Meeting log-in page. 2 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS __________________________________ Proxy Summary If I can t attend the Meeting, can I vote or listen to it later? You do not need to attend the online Meeting to vote if you submitted your vote via proxy in advance of the Meeting. A replay of the Meeting, including the questions answered during the Meeting, will be available on www.investors.bestbuy.com . Additional information about how to vote your shares and attend our Meeting can be found in the General Information section of this proxy statement. Corporate Governance Our longstanding approach to corporate governance is to develop and implement principles that: (1) enable the success of our strategy and business objectives; (2) are rooted in a robust ongoing dialogue with our shareholders; and (3) are inspired by best practices. Consistent with this approach, we continue to build upon a strong framework of corporate governance policies and practices, including the following: Board Structure Independent Chair All Independent Committees Annual Director Elections No Director Related Party Transactions Robust Annual Board Evaluation Process Director Overboarding Policy Majority Vote for Directors Director Retirement Policy Shareholder Rights Compensation No Cumulative Voting Rights Pay for Performance Compensation Programs No Poison Pill Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policies Proxy Access By-Laws Clawback Policies for both Cash and all Equity Awards that Meet and Go Beyond the Requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act No Supermajority Voting Provisions in our Articles of Incorporation ( Articles ) Stock Ownership Guidelines applicable to Executive Officers and the Board of Directors No Exclusive Forum/Venue or Fee-Shifting Provisions Additional information on our Corporate Governance policies and practices can be found in the Corporate Governance at Best Buy section of this proxy statement. 2025 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary __________________________________ Corporate Responsibility Sustainability Our Board, with oversight by the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy Committee (the Nominating Committee ), is integrally involved in the Company s corporate responsibility and sustainability ( CR S ) initiatives. We are an organization built upon values-driven leadership and we are focused on our purpose to enrich lives through technology. We are dedicated to addressing issues that impact our people, communities and the planet. We are honored to be recognized for the progress we have made in building a better world with all of our stakeholders. Please see our annual CR S Report, available at https://corporate.bestbuy.com/sustainability under About Us for more details. Selected Recognition ENERGY STAR 2024 was our 11th consecutive year being recognized as a Partner of the Year by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s ENERGY STAR program Disability: IN Recognized as a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion MSCI Inc. Rated AAA (highest possible) by MSCI ESG Research CDP Climate A List Named for the 8th consecutive year FTSE4Good Index Included in FTSE4Good Index ISS Governance Awarded Prime status on ISS-ESG Corporate Rating American Opportunity Index Best Places for High School Graduates to Start a Career Named #8 Ethisphere 11-Time World s Most Ethical Companies Honoree Dow Jones Best in Class North America Index Included in for the 13th year Additional information regarding our purpose and programs relating to our CR S efforts can be found in the Corporate Governance at Best Buy Corporate Responsibility Sustainability section of this proxy statement. Page 25 4 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS __________________________________ Proxy Summary Item No. 1 Election of Directors The following individuals are standing for election to our Board. The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the nominees. All nominees are current members of the Board. The Board seeks a wide range of experience and expertise from a variety of industries and professional disciplines in its directors and carefully assesses and plans for the director skill sets, qualifications and diverse perspectives required to support the Company s long-term strategic goals. Our slate of director nominees reflects the positive results of these efforts. Name Age Director Since Committee Membership Other Public Boards AC CC FIPC NCGPP Corie S. Barry CEO 50 2019 1 Lisa M. Caputo Independent 61 2009 0 David W. Kenny Independent 63 2013 0 David C. Kimbell Independent 58 2023 0 Mario J. Marte Independent 49 2021 1 Karen A. McLoughlin Independent 60 2015 1 Claudia F. Munce Independent 65 2016 1 Richelle P. Parham Independent 57 2018 1 Steven E. Rendle Independent 65 2021 0 Sima D. Sistani Independent 45 2023 0 Melinda D. Whittington Independent 57 2023 1 Key to Committees AC: Audit Committee CC: Compensation Human Resources Committee FIPC: Finance Investment Policy Committee NCGPP: Nominating, Corporate Governance Public Policy Committee Committee Member Committee Chair F Audit Committee Financial Expert 2025 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary __________________________________ Composition of Board Nominees (as of May 1, 2025) Additional information about each of our nominees and director qualification and nomination process can be found in Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors section of this proxy statement. Page 29 6 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS __________________________________ Proxy Summary Item No. 2 Ratification of Appointment of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board recommends a vote FOR ratification of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026. Deloitte Touche LLP ( D T ) served as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2025. Our Audit Committee has selected D T to audit our financial statements for fiscal 2026 and is submitting its selection of our independent registered public accounting firm for ratification by the shareholders in order to ascertain the view of our shareholders on this selection. The following table summarizes the aggregate fees incurred for services rendered by D T during fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024. Service Type Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Audit Fees $3,773,000 $3,665,000 Audit-Related Fees 1,436,000 364,000 Tax Fees 152,000 0 Other Fees 0 11,000 Total Fees $5,361,000 $4,040,000 Additional information can be found in Item of Business No. 2 Ratification of Appointment of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm section of this proxy statement. Page 49 Item No. 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation The Board recommends a vote FOR approval of our named executive officer ( NEO ) compensation. Our shareholders have consistently strongly supported our executive compensation program. For the last five years, our average Say-on-Pay vote has been 93.1%. We believe this support reflects our strong pay-for-performance philosophy, our commitment to sound compensation policies and our active engagement and open dialogue with our shareholders. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee regularly takes feedback received from shareholders into consideration when making decisions regarding our executive compensation program. Our executive compensation program contains the following elements: Compensation Component Key Characteristics Purpose Base Salary Cash Provide competitive, fixed compensation to attract and retain executive talent. Short-Term Incentive STI Cash award paid based on achievement of various performance metrics Create a strong financial incentive for achieving or exceeding Company performance goals. Long-Term Incentive LTI Time-based restricted shares and performance share awards Create a strong financial incentive for increasing shareholder value, encourage ownership stake, and promote retention. 2025 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary __________________________________ Pay is tied to performance. The majority of target executive compensation is not guaranteed and is based on performance metrics designed to drive shareholder value, as summarized below for the CEO and other NEOs (excluding the CEO). Additional information can be found in Item of Business No. 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation and the Compensation Discussion and Analysis sections of this proxy statement. Page 51 Item No. 4 Approval of Amendment No. 1 to our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan The Board recommends a vote FOR approval of Amendment No. 1 to our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Amendment No. 1 ). On April 18, 2025, the Board adopted Amendment No. 1 to the 2020 Plan, subject to the approval of our shareholders. The amendment would increase the maximum number of shares of our common stock that are authorized for issuance under the 2020 Plan from 21.70 million to 33.73 million, an increase of 12.03 million shares. Additional information can be found in Item of Business No. 4 Approval of Amendment No. 1 to our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan section of this proxy statement. Page 84 8 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS __________________________________ Proxy Summary Shareholder Proposals Item No. 5 Shareholder Proposal Support for Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent The Board recommends a vote AGAINST the shareholder proposal requesting that our Board take the steps necessary to permit written consent by shareholders. Additional information can be found in Item of Business No. 5 Shareholder Proposal Support for Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent section of this proxy statement. Page 93 Item No. 6 Shareholder Proposal Request to Cease CEI Participation The Board recommends a vote AGAINST the shareholder proposal requesting that our Board consider ending the Company s participation the Human Rights Campaign s Corporate Equality Index. Additional information can be found in Item of Business No. 6 Shareholder Proposal Request to Cease CEI Participation section of this proxy statement. Page 98 Item No. 7 Shareholder Proposal Report on the Company s LGBTQIA+ Efforts in its Human Capital Management Strategy The Board recommends a vote AGAINST the shareholder proposal requesting that our Board publish a report on the Company s LGBTQIA+ efforts in its human capital management strategy. Additional information can be found in Item of Business No. 7 Shareholder Proposal Publish a Report on the Company s LGBTQIA+ Efforts in its Human Capital Management Strategy section of this proxy statement. Page 101 2025 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary __________________________________ Item No. 8 Shareholder Proposal Publish a Climate Transition Plan to Achieve Stated Goals The Board recommends a vote AGAINST the shareholder proposal requesting that our Board issue a climate transition action plan above and beyond our existing disclosures. Additional information can be found in Item of Business No. 8 Shareholder Proposal Publish Climate Transition Plan to Achieve Stated Goals section of this proxy statement. Page 104 10 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BEST BUY CO., INC. 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield, Minnesota 55423 Proxy Statement Regular Meeting of Shareholders June 13, 2025 General Information This proxy statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors ( Board ) of Best Buy Co., Inc. ( Best Buy, we, us, our or the Company ) to be voted at our 2025 Regular Meeting of Shareholders (the Meeting ) to be held virtually on Friday, June 13, 2025, at 9:00 a.m., Central Time, at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BBY2025 or at any postponement or adjournment of the Meeting. On or about May 1, 2025, we mailed or made available our proxy materials, including the proxy statement, our Annual Report and form of proxy or the Notice of Internet Availability. Background What is the purpose of the Meeting? At the Meeting, shareholders will vote on the items of business outlined in the Notice of 2025 Regular Meeting of Shareholders ( Meeting Notice ) included as the cover page to this proxy statement. In addition, management will provide a brief update on our business and respond to questions from shareholders. Why did I receive this proxy statement and a proxy card or the Notice of Internet Availability? You received this proxy statement and a proxy card or the Notice of Internet Availability because you owned shares of Best Buy common stock as of April 14, 2025, the record date for the Meeting and are entitled to vote on the Items of Business at the Meeting. This proxy statement describes the Items of Business that will be voted on at the Meeting and provides information on these items so that you can make an informed decision. How can I attend the Meeting? You can attend the Meeting online by logging on to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BBY2025 and following the instructions provided on your proxy or notice card. How will the Meeting be conducted? The Meeting will be conducted online, in a fashion similar to an in-person meeting. Our Board members and executive officers will attend the Meeting and be available for questions. You will be able to attend the Meeting online, vote your shares electronically, and submit your questions during the Meeting by visiting our virtual shareholder forum at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BBY2025 and following the instructions on your proxy card. How can I ask questions during the Meeting? Questions may be submitted prior to the Meeting through our virtual shareholder forum at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ BBY2025 , or you may submit questions during the Meeting through the forum. We are committed to acknowledging questions we receive in the time allotted. We will allot approximately fifteen minutes for questions during the Meeting, and submitted questions must follow our Rules of Conduct for the Meeting in order to be addressed during the Meeting. If we are unable to answer your question during the Meeting due to time constraints, you are encouraged to contact the Best Buy Investor Relations department at investorrelations@bestbuy.com . Our Rules of Conduct are posted on the forum. What can I do if I need technical assistance during the Meeting? If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual Meeting during the check-in or Meeting time, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the virtual shareholder Meeting log-in page. 2025 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS General Information _________________________________ If I can t attend the Meeting, can I vote or listen to it later? You do not need to attend the online Meeting to vote if you submitted your vote via proxy in advance of the Meeting. A replay of the Meeting, including the questions answered during the Meeting, will be available on www.investors.bestbuy.com . Who may vote? In order to vote at the Meeting, you must have been a shareholder of record of Best Buy as of the close of business on Monday, April 14, 2025, which is the record date for the Meeting. If your shares are held in street name (that is, through a bank, broker or other nominee), you will receive instructions from the bank, broker or other nominee that you must follow in order for your shares to be voted as you choose. When is the record date? The Board has established the close of business on Monday, April 14, 2025, as the record date for the Meeting. How many shares of Best Buy common stock are outstanding? As of the record date, there were 211,685,537 shares of Best Buy common stock outstanding. There are no other classes of capital stock outstanding. 12 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS _________________________________ General Information Voting Procedures What am I voting on, how many votes are required to approve each item, how are votes counted and how does the Board recommend I vote: Item Vote Required Voting Options Board Recommendation (1) Broker Discretionary Voting Allowed (2) Impact of Abstain Vote Management Proposals Item 1 The election of the eleven director nominees listed in this proxy statement The affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast with respect to the director. FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN FOR No None Item 2 The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026 The affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on this item of business or, if greater, the vote required is a majority of the voting power of the minimum number of shares entitled to vote that would constitute a quorum at the Meeting. FOR Yes Against Item 3 The non-binding advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation FOR No Against Item 4 The approval of Amendment No. 1 to our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan FOR No Against Shareholder Proposals Item 5 Shareholder Proposal regarding Support for Right to Act by Written Consent AGAINST No Against Item 6 Shareholder Proposal regarding Request to Cease CEI Participation AGAINST No Against Item 7 Shareholder Proposal regarding Report on the Company s LGBTQIA+ Inclusion Efforts in its Human Capital Management Strategy AGAINST No Against Item 8 Shareholder Proposal regarding Publish a Climate Transition Plan to Achieve Stated Goals AGAINST No Against (1) If you are a record holder and you sign and submit your proxy card without indicating your voting instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with the Board s recommendation. (2) A broker non-vote will not count as a vote for or against a director and will have no effect on the outcome of the election of the director nominees disclosed in this proxy statement. A broker non-vote will have no effect on Items 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 unless a majority of the voting power of the minimum number of shares entitled to vote that would constitute a quorum at the Meeting is required in order to approve the item as described in the Vote Required column above, in which case a broker non-vote will have the same effect as a vote Against . How do I vote? If you are a shareholder of record (that is, if your shares are owned in your name and not in street name ), you may vote: Via the internet at www.proxyvote.com ; By telephone (within the U.S. or Canada) toll-free at 1-800-690-6903; By mail, by signing and returning the enclosed proxy card if you have received paper materials; or 2025 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS General Information _________________________________ By attending the virtual Meeting, which qualifies as being present in person, and voting online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BBY2025 . If your shares are held in a brokerage account by a broker, bank or other nominee, you should follow the voting instructions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee. If you wish to vote by telephone or via the internet, you must do so before 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on Thursday, June 12, 2025. After that time, telephone and internet voting on www.proxyvote.com will not be permitted and any shareholder of record wishing to vote thereafter must vote online during the Meeting. Shareholders of record will be verified online by way of the personal identification number included on their proxy or notice card. Voting by a shareholder during the Meeting will replace any previous votes submitted by proxy. We have made all proxy materials available via the internet. However, you may opt to receive paper copies of proxy materials, at no cost to you, by following the instructions contained in the Notice of Internet Availability that we have mailed to most shareholders. We encourage you to take advantage of the option to vote your shares electronically through the internet or by telephone. Doing so will result in cost savings for the Company. How are my voting instructions carried out? When you vote via proxy, you appoint the Chair of the Board, David W. Kenny, and the Secretary of the Company, Todd G. Hartman (collectively, the Proxy Agents ), as your representatives to vote at the Meeting. The Proxy Agents will vote your shares at the Meeting, or at any postponement or adjournment of the Meeting, as you have instructed them on the proxy card. If you return a properly executed proxy card without specific voting instructions, the Proxy Agents will vote your shares in accordance with the Board s recommendations as disclosed in this proxy statement. If you submit a proxy, your shares will be voted regardless of whether you attend the Meeting. Even if you plan to attend the Meeting, it is advisable to vote your shares via proxy in advance of the Meeting in case your plans change. If an item properly comes up for vote at the Meeting, or at any postponement or adjournment of the Meeting, that is not described in the Meeting Notice, including adjournment of the Meeting and any other matters incident to the conduct of the Meeting, the Proxy Agents will vote the shares subject to your proxy in their discretion. Discretionary authority for them to do so is contained in the proxy. How many votes do I have? You have one vote for each share you own, and you can vote those shares for each item of business to be addressed at the Meeting. How many shares must be present to hold a valid Meeting? For us to hold a valid Meeting, we must have a quorum. In order to have a quorum, a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock that are entitled to vote need to be present or represented by proxy at the Meeting. Your shares will be counted as present at the Meeting if you: Vote prior to the Meeting via the internet or by telephone; Properly submit a proxy card (even if you do not provide voting instructions); or Vote while attending the Meeting online. Abstentions and shares represented by broker non-votes, as described below, are counted as present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum. What are broker non-votes? Brokers and banks have discretionary authority to vote shares in the absence of instructions on matters the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) considers routine, such as Item 2. They do not have discretionary authority to vote shares in the absence of instructions on non-routine matters, such as Items 1 and 3 through 8. Broker non-votes will not be counted as shares entitled to vote on any of the foregoing non-routine matters. 14 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS _________________________________ General Information What if I change my mind after I vote via proxy? If you are a shareholder of record, you may revoke your proxy at any time before your shares are voted by: Submitting a later-dated proxy prior to the Meeting (by mail, internet or telephone); Voting online during the Meeting (attendance will not, by itself, revoke a proxy); or Providing written notice of revocation to Best Buy s Secretary at our principal office at any time before your shares are voted. If your shares are held in a brokerage account by a broker, bank or other nominee, you should follow the instructions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee. Who will count the vote? Representatives of Broadridge will tabulate the vote and act as the inspector of elections. Where can I find the voting results of the Meeting? We plan to publish the final voting results in a Current Report on Form 8-K ( Form 8-K ) filed within four business days after the date of the Meeting. If final voting results are not available within the four business day timeframe, we plan to file a Form 8-K disclosing preliminary voting results within the required four business days, to be followed as soon as practicable by an amendment to the Form 8-K containing final voting results. Proxy Solicitation How are proxies solicited? We expect to solicit proxies primarily by internet and mail, but our directors, officers, other employees and agents may also solicit proxies in person, by telephone, through electronic communication and by facsimile transmission. We will request that brokerage firms, banks, other custodians, nominees, fiduciaries and other representatives of shareholders forward the Notice of Internet Availability and, as applicable, the proxy materials and Annual Reports themselves to the beneficial owners of our common stock. Our directors and employees do not receive additional compensation for soliciting shareholder proxies. We have retained Georgeson LLC as our proxy solicitor for a fee estimated to be $20,000, plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. Who will pay for the cost of soliciting proxies? We pay all of the costs of preparing, printing and distributing our proxy materials. We will reimburse brokerage firms, banks and other representatives of shareholders for reasonable expenses incurred as defined in the NYSE schedule of charges in connection with proxy solicitations. How can multiple shareholders sharing the same address request to receive only one set of proxy materials and other investor communications? You may elect to receive future proxy materials, as well as other investor communications, in a single package per address. This practice, known as householding, is designed to reduce our paper use and printing and postage costs. To make the election, please indicate on your proxy card under Householding Election your consent to receive such communications in a single package per address. Once we receive your consent, we will send a single package per household until you revoke your consent or request separate copies of our proxy materials by notifying our Investor Relations department in writing at 7601 Penn Avenue South, Richfield, MN 55423, or by telephone at 612-291-6147. We will start sending you individual copies of proxy materials and other investor communications following receipt of your revocation. Can I receive the proxy materials electronically? Yes. All shareholders may access our proxy materials electronically via the internet. We encourage our shareholders to access our proxy materials via the internet because it reduces the expenses for, and the environmental impact of, our shareholder meetings. You may opt to receive paper copies of proxy materials, including our Annual Report, proxy statement and proxy card at no cost to you, by following the instructions on your Notice of Internet Availability. An electronic version of this proxy statement is posted on our website at www.investors.bestbuy.com . 2025 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS General Information _________________________________ Additional Information Where can I find additional information about Best Buy? Our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and other publicly available information should be consulted for other important information about Best Buy. You can find these reports and additional information about us on our website at www.investors.bestbuy.com . 16 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at Best Buy Our Board is committed to developing and implementing corporate governance principles that: (1) enable the success of our strategy and business objectives; (2) are rooted in a robust ongoing dialogue with our shareholders; and (3) are inspired by best practices. Consistent with this approach, we continue to build upon a strong framework of corporate governance practices. Shareholder perspectives play an important role in that process. Some key aspects of our current Board and governance structure and practices are as follows: Board Leadership Composition Our Board is currently led by an independent Chair. Whenever our Chair is not independent, a Lead Independent Director ensures independent oversight of management. All of our director nominees, other than the CEO, are independent. Our Board places an emphasis on diverse representation among its members. Seven of our eleven director nominees are women, and four of our eleven nominees are ethnically diverse. The average tenure of our director nominees is approximately 6.4 years, with a balance of skills, new perspectives and historical knowledge. All Committees are comprised exclusively of independent directors. Our directors are required to retire at the expiration of their term during which they reach the age of 72. Additionally, our directors must tender their resignation for consideration: (a) five years after ceasing the principal career they held when they joined our Board, (b) when their principal employment, public company board membership or other material affiliation changes, or (c) if they receive less than a majority of votes cast for his or her election. Board Accountability We conduct a robust annual Board, individual director and CEO evaluation process, and periodically engage an independent third party to provide independent assessments of Board and director performance. An independent consultant-managed evaluation and assessment was conducted in fiscal 2023. None of our directors are involved in a material related party transaction. Our directors and executive officers are prohibited from hedging and pledging Company securities. Our directors and executive officers are required to comply with stock ownership guidelines. Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Principles as part of its commitment to good governance practices. These principles are available on our website at www.investors.bestbuy.com . Shareholder Rights Engagement We have never adopted a shareholder rights plan (commonly known as a Poison Pill ). We have proxy access provisions consistent with market practice (3/3/20/20). We have no cumulative voting rights, and our only class of voting shares is our common stock. A shareholder(s) holding 10% of the voting shares of our stock may call a special meeting (or 25% if the special meeting relates to a business combination or change in our Board composition). We do not have supermajority shareholder vote requirements in our Articles. We engage with shareholders to solicit feedback, address questions and concerns and provide perspective on Company policies and practices. In this section of our proxy statement, we provide detail on specific aspects of our Corporate Governance program, policies and practices, as well as additional information on the operations and composition of our Board. Board Leadership During fiscal 2025, our Board was led by our independent Chair, Mr. Kenny, following Patrick Doyle s retirement from our Board at our 2024 Regular Meeting of Shareholders. In March 2025, the Board appointed Mr. Kenny to continue his service as Chair for fiscal 2026 subject to his re-election by shareholders at the Meeting. At this time, the Board believes that separating the Chair and CEO roles is in the best interest of the Company. The separation allows our CEO to focus on executing our strategy and managing our business, and our Chair is able to focus on Board governance and effectiveness while providing independent Board leadership. Additional leadership roles continue to be filled by other directors, all of whom are independent and play an active role in our strategic planning, risk oversight and governance. Under our Corporate Governance Principles, in circumstances where the Chair of the Board is not independent, the Board considers it to be useful and appropriate to designate a Lead Independent Director to coordinate the activities of the other independent directors and to perform such other duties and responsibilities as the Board may determine. Our Lead Independent 2025 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at Best Buy _____________________________ Director is nominated by the Nominating Committee, and final selection is subject to ratification by the vote of a majority of the independent directors on the Board. The Lead Independent Director serves for an annual term beginning at the Board meeting following the first regular meeting of shareholders at which directors are elected. The Board leadership duties and responsibilities are outlined below and in our Corporate Governance Principles, which are also posted online at www.investors.bestbuy.com . Our Chair is responsible for: Setting the agenda for Board meetings (in partnership with the CEO) and presiding over and leading discussion at meetings of the full Board; Presiding over the Company s regular meeting of shareholders; Presiding at executive sessions of independent directors, which take place at each regular Board meeting (when there is no independent Chair, the Lead Independent Director is responsible for this duty); Setting the Board meeting calendar and leading oversight activities of the Board; Overseeing the Company s strategic planning process to create alignment with the Board and management and supporting execution of the strategy; Assisting the Board with its oversight of the Company s risks; Speaking on behalf of the Company to both internal and external stakeholders, as appropriate; and Serving as the Board s liaison to management. In times when our Chair is not independent, our Lead Independent Director performs the following duties: Partners with the Chair (and CEO) to set the Board meeting agenda; Presides at all Board meetings at which the Chair is not present; Calls additional meetings of the independent directors, as appropriate; Serves as a liaison between the independent directors and our stakeholders by being available for direct consultation and communication; Provides ongoing counsel to the Chair regarding key items of business and overall Board functions; and Performs any other duties requested by the Board, the independent directors or the Chair. Board Composition The Board seeks a wide range of experience and expertise from a variety of industries and professional disciplines in its directors. It carefully assesses the director skill sets, qualifications and diverse perspectives required to support the Company s long-term strategic goals, and for an orderly succession and transition of directors, as evidenced by the composition changes over the past several years. We believe our Board should be composed of individuals with highly relevant skills, independence, integrity, sound judgment and proven records of accomplishments and diverse genders, ethnicities, ages and geographic locations. In addition, the Board emphasizes independent voices and adding new perspectives to its membership. Ten of our eleven director nominees are independent, and the average tenure of our director nominees is approximately 6.4 years. More information regarding our Director Qualification Standards and Director Nomination Process can be found within Item 1 Election of Directors of this proxy statement. Director Independence Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Principles, the Board has established independence standards consistent with the requirements of the SEC and NYSE. To be considered independent under the NYSE rules, the Board must affirmatively determine that a director or director nominee does not have a material relationship with us (directly, or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with us). In addition, each member of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee (the Compensation Committee ) must meet a standard of enhanced independence such that the Board must consider the source of compensation of the director and whether the director is affiliated with us or one of our subsidiaries to determine whether there are any factors that would materially affect a director s ability to be independent, specifically in regard to their duties as a Compensation Committee member. 18 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS _____________________________ Corporate Governance at Best Buy Our Director Independence Guidelines, consistent with the NYSE rules, generally provide that no director or director nominee may be deemed independent if the director or director nominee: has in the past three years: received (or whose immediate family member has received as a result of service as an executive officer) more than $120,000 during any 12-month period in direct compensation from Best Buy, other than director and committee fees and certain pension payments and other deferred compensation; been an employee of Best Buy; had an immediate family member who was an executive officer of Best Buy; personally worked on (or whose immediate family member has personally worked on) our audit as a partner or an employee of our internal or external auditors or independent registered public accounting firm; or been (or whose immediate family member has been) employed as an executive officer of another company whose compensation committee at that time included a present executive officer of Best Buy; or is currently: a partner or employee of our independent registered public accounting firm, or a director whose immediate family member is a partner of such firm or is employed by such firm and personally works on our audit; or an employee (or has an immediate family member who is an executive officer) of another company that has made payments to Best Buy, or received payments from Best Buy, for property or services in an amount which, in any of the last three fiscal years, exceeded the greater of $1 million or 2% of such other company s consolidated gross revenues. Under our director independence standards described above, the Board has determined that each director who served during any part of fiscal 2025 and each director nominee is independent, with the exception of Ms. Barry, our CEO. The Board based these determinations primarily on a review of the responses of the directors to questions regarding employment and compensation history, affiliations, family and other relationships and on discussions with our directors. As part of its independence analysis, the Board reviewed our relationships with companies with which our directors are affiliated. As part of that review, the Board considered our relationship with Nielsen, a company affiliated with Mr. Kenny. Mr. Kenny, a director since September 2013, serves as Executive Chairman of Nielsen. Since 1999, Nielsen has provided us with data analytics services. The amounts we have paid to Nielsen were well below 2% of the annual consolidated gross revenues of Nielsen for each of the past three fiscal years. In addition, Mr. Kenny did not influence or participate in negotiating our agreements with Nielsen. The Board determined that the Company s relationship with Nielsen was not material and did not impair Mr. Kenny s independence. Board Meetings and Attendance During fiscal 2025, the Board held four regular meetings and no special meetings. Each incumbent director attended, in person or by telephone, at least 75% of the meetings of both the Board and committees on which he or she served. Directors are required to attend our regular meetings of shareholders, and eleven of our then-serving directors attended the 2024 Regular Meeting of Shareholders either in-person or virtually. Executive Sessions of Independent Directors Our independent directors, led by our Chair, meet in executive sessions of independent directors during each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Independent directors use these sessions as a forum for open discussion about the Company, our senior management and any other matters they deem appropriate. 2025 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at Best Buy _____________________________ Committees of the Board The Board has four committees: Audit, Compensation and Human Resources, Finance and Investment Policy and Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy. The charters for each committee are posted on our website at www.investors.bestbuy.com . The charters are reviewed annually and include information regarding each committee s composition, purpose and responsibilities. The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee are independent as defined under the SEC and NYSE rules. The Board has also determined that, during fiscal 2025, three of the five members of the Audit Committee qualified as audit committee financial experts under SEC rules, and that each of the members of the Audit Committee has accounting and related financial management expertise in accordance with the NYSE listing standards. The key responsibilities, fiscal 2025 membership and number of meetings held in fiscal 2025 for each committee are set forth below: Audit Mario J. Marte* Karen A. McLoughlin Claudia F. Munce Steven E. Rendle Melinda D. Whittington 9 Number of Meetings held in Fiscal 2025 Assists the Board in its oversight of: - the integrity of our financial statements and financial reporting processes; - our internal accounting systems and financial and operational controls; - our legal compliance and ethics programs, including our legal, regulatory and risk oversight requirements, and the major risks facing the Company (including risks related to finance, operations and privacy), related party transactions and our Code of Ethics; - our cybersecurity risk management practices and disclosures related thereto; - the qualifications and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; and - the performance of our internal audit function and our independent registered public accounting firm. Is responsible for the preparation of a report as required by the SEC to be included in this proxy statement. Compensation Human Resources David C. Kimbell* Lisa M. Caputo Claudia F. Munce (1) Richelle P. Parham 4 Number of Meetings held in Fiscal 2025 Determines executive officer compensation and executive officer and director compensation philosophies, evaluates the performance of our CEO, approves CEO and executive officer compensation, and oversees preparation of a report as required by the SEC to be included in this proxy statement. Reviews and recommends director compensation for Board approval. Is responsible for succession planning and compensation-related risk oversight. Approves and oversees the development and evaluation of equity-based and other incentive compensation and certain other employee benefit plans. Oversees the development of an inclusive and diverse Company culture. 20 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS _____________________________ Corporate Governance at Best Buy Finance Investment Policy Karen A. McLoughlin* David C. Kimbell Steven E. Rendle Sima D. Sistani (2) Melinda D. Whittington 4 Number of Meetings held in Fiscal 2025 Provides oversight of, and advises the Board regarding, our financial policies and financial condition to help enable us to achieve our long-range goals. Oversees, evaluates and monitors the: (i) protection and safety of our cash and investments; (ii) achievement of reasonable returns on financial assets within acceptable risk tolerance; (iii) maintenance of adequate liquidity to support our activities; (iv) assessment of the cost and availability of capital; and (v) alignment of our strategic goals and financial resources. Is responsible for approving certain significant contractual obligations. Nominating, Corporate Governance Public Policy Lisa M. Caputo* Mario J. Marte Richelle P. Parham Sima D. Sistani 4 Number of Meetings held in Fiscal 2025 Identifies and recommends director nominees, reviews and recommends corporate governance principles to the Board, and oversees the evaluation of the performance of the Board and its committees. Assists the Board with general corporate governance, including Board organization, membership, training and evaluation. Oversees public policy, corporate responsibility and related environmental, social, sustainability and governance matters. * Chair Designated as an audit committee financial expert (1) Ms. Munce joined the Compensation Human Resources Committee in March 2025. (2) Ms. Sistani joined the Finance Investment Policy Committee in February 2025. 2025 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at Best Buy _____________________________ Board Risk Oversight In addition to its responsibilities as set forth above, the Board and its committees take an active role in the oversight of various risks to the Company. These risk oversight responsibilities are set forth below. A management risk committee comprised of the CEO and her direct reports assesses and aligns on top risks faced by the Company. The Audit Committee oversees management s processes to identify and quantify the material risks that we face. Our Chief Compliance Officer is a direct liaison to the Audit Committee on our risk oversight processes and procedures. In connection with its risk oversight role, the Audit Committee meets privately with representatives of our independent registered public accounting firm, the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Compliance Officer, our internal audit staff and our legal staff. Our internal audit staff, which reports directly to the Audit Committee at least quarterly, assists management in identifying, evaluating and implementing controls and procedures to address identified risks. Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Risk Oversight Given the depth and breadth of risks relating to corporate responsibility and sustainability ( CR S ) matters, including with respect to inclusion and belonging, we share responsibility for such risks across the entire Board and all of its committees, leveraging the risk oversight expertise of each Board committee based on subject matter. The Audit Committee plays a significant role in the oversight of our CR S risks related to compliance, including ethics, environmental goals and safety. The Compensation Committee oversees the Company s human capital management and inclusion and belonging-related risks through a rigorous regular review of the Company s strategies and programs. This includes overall employee wellness and engagement in these areas, employee benefit plan compliance, leadership succession planning and wage, retention and hiring programs. The Committee also works closely with the Company s Senior Executive Vice President Corporate Affairs Human Resources and Chief Inclusion and Belonging Officer to assess the effectiveness of such programs in alignment with the Company s core values. The Finance Investment Policy Committee focuses on the risks of the Company s CR S-related financial investments and commitments, such as our solar energy investments. The Committee reviews the financial risks and projected outcomes to ensure such investments align with our CR S objectives. The Nominating Committee manages its oversight of the Company s governance, CR S strategy and CR S reputational risks by way of quarterly discussions with management and regular quarterly updates of our environmental goals and progress, social responsibility programs and initiatives, and public policy positions and advocacy. 22 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS _____________________________ Corporate Governance at Best Buy The Board oversees CR S and other enterprise risks as part of its oversight of our business, strategy and enterprise risk management. Each committee provides an update to the full Board on matters discussed and reviewed in its meeting held prior to the Board meeting, including with respect to enterprise risks. In addition, our Board has a dedicated annual strategic planning meeting with senior management and receives quarterly strategic updates, where topics relating to CR S matters are discussed. The Board reviews these topics and their related risks to ensure that they advance the Company s strategy. Finally, the Board Chair, the CEO and the Chairs of each Board Committee meet separately to review changes in the Company s enterprise risk portfolio, including changes to CR S risks, and discuss any additional Board or management action needed to help oversee and manage these risks. Compensation Risk Assessment In connection with their oversight of compensation-related risks, Compensation Committee members annually review the most important enterprise risks to ensure that compensation programs do not encourage risk-taking that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. As in past years, the review process in fiscal 2025: identified our existing risk management framework and the key business risks that may materially affect us, reviewed our compensation plans and identified those plans that are most likely to impact these risks or introduce new risks, and balanced these risks against existing processes and compensation program safeguards. The review process also took into account mitigating features contained within our compensation plan design, which include elements such as: metric-based pay, time-matching performance periods, payment for outputs, goal diversification, stock ownership guidelines, payment caps and our clawback policies. The Compensation Committee also considered additional controls outside of compensation plan design which contribute to risk mitigation, including the independence of our performance measurement teams and our internal control environment. Based upon the process we employed, the Compensation Committee determined that our compensation programs do not encourage risk-taking that is reasonably likely to result in a material adverse effect on the Company. Cybersecurity and Privacy Risk Oversight Our Board, with oversight by the Audit Committee, is integrally involved in reviewing the Company s cybersecurity and data privacy programs. Securing customer information and honoring our privacy promises are core employee obligations, as highlighted in our Code of Ethics. Our customers entrust us with their information, and we seek to honor that trust through our cybersecurity and privacy practices. Responsible Party Oversight for Cybersecurity and Privacy Board of Directors Overall responsibility for enterprise risks. Audit Committee Primary oversight responsibility for cyber/information security programs, assessment of cyber threats and defenses and privacy initiatives. Management The Chief Risk Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Information Security Officer and other senior members of the cybersecurity and compliance teams are responsible for identifying and managing risks related to these areas. We have developed and implemented, and update on an ongoing basis, a risk-based information security program designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. This program, led by our Chief Information Security Officer (the CISO ), comprises administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed, under a risk-based approach, to reasonably mitigate cybersecurity risks to the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information systems and information. The CISO and senior members of the compliance team update the Audit Committee on our cybersecurity and privacy postures no less frequently than quarterly and periodically update the full Board. In addition, Ms. Munce, a member of the Audit Committee, is certified by the National Association of Corporate Directors in Cybersecurity Oversight. We did not experience any material cyber incidents affecting the Company in fiscal 2025. For more information related to the Company s cybersecurity risk management and governance, see Part 1, Item 1C, Cybersecurity, of our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2025 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at Best Buy _____________________________ Board Evaluation Process Our Nominating Committee oversees the Board s composition, effectiveness, accountability and evaluation of the performance of the Board, its committees and individual directors. On an annual basis, members of the Board complete a questionnaire evaluating the performance of the Board as a whole, each member s respective committees and the performance of the Chair and Lead Independent Director (if one has been appointed). Directors are asked about roles and responsibilities, as well as more general performance-related questions. The Nominating Committee reviews the results of these questionnaires and determines whether the results warrant any action. The results and any proposed actions are then shared with the full Board for further discussion and approval of final action plans. The Chair of our Nominating Committee and the Board Chair also review each individual director s contributions to the Board during the past year, his or her other time commitments, and his or her performance against the director qualification standards and Board needs. The Nominating Committee also annually reviews the skills and qualifications of each Board member and the strategic goals of the Company to determine whether the skill sets of the individual directors on the Board continue to support the Company s long-term strategic goals. This process is utilized by the Nominating Committee to assess whether a director should continue to serve on the Board and stand for re-election at the next Regular Meeting of Shareholders and to otherwise address Board composition needs. In addition to the annual evaluation process, the Nominating Committee engaged an independent third-party consultant in fiscal 2017, fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2023 to conduct individual interviews with each director and certain senior executives and perform a comprehensive analysis of the Board s overall effectiveness. CEO Evaluation Process Our Compensation Committee conducts a robust annual CEO evaluation, consisting of both a performance and leadership review and a compensation analysis. The performance and leadership evaluation component includes an assessment of the Company s performance in light of set objectives, and personal interviews with the individual Board members and the CEO s direct reports. Our CEO prepares a self-evaluation of both her performance and Company performance. Separately, the Compensation Committee s compensation consultant conducts extensive market research. CEO compensation market data is collected from Fortune 100 companies, our peer group, to ensure both market competitiveness and appropriateness of our CEO s compensation relative to her peers. The Compensation Committee s independent consultant reviews the market data and provides its recommendations to the Compensation Committee. Once all of the relevant performance and compensation data has been collected, the Compensation Committee meets in executive session to discuss the CEO performance evaluation results and CEO compensation. After reviewing all of the collected data regarding performance, the Compensation Committee makes its decision regarding CEO compensation for the forthcoming year. The Compensation Committee then provides its final assessment on CEO performance and decision regarding CEO compensation to the Board for discussion during executive session. Our CEO abstains from participating in all related discussions of the Compensation Committee and Board prior to delivery of the final assessment. Director Orientation and Continuing Education Our Nominating Committee oversees the orientation and continuing education of our directors. Director orientation familiarizes directors with our strategic plans, significant financial, accounting and risk management issues, compliance programs, policies, principal officers, internal auditors and our independent registered public accounting firm. The orientation also addresses Board procedures, director responsibilities, our Corporate Governance Principles and our Board committee charters. Each of our new directors attended a director orientation following their appointment. We also offer continuing education programs and provide opportunities to attend commercial director education seminars outside of the Company to assist our directors in maintaining their expertise in areas related to the work of the Board and the directors committee assignments. In fiscal 2025, the Board conducted its annual continuing education seminar for the full Board in September 2024 and December 2024, focusing on artificial intelligence. Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policies Our executive officers and Board members are prohibited from pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan or from holding Company securities in a margin account. In addition, all employees and Board members are prohibited from hedging Company securities, including by way of forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, exchange funds or otherwise. 24 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS _____________________________ Corporate Governance at Best Buy Director Stock Ownership Our stock ownership guidelines require each of our non-management directors to own 10,000 shares and to hold 50% of their granted equity until that ownership target is met. Directors are required to hold all restricted stock units granted to them during their Board tenure until their service on the Board ends. In fiscal 2025, all of our non-management directors were in compliance with the ownership guidelines. Our stock ownership guidelines for executive officers are discussed in the Executive and Director Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Compensation Elements Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines section. Shareholder Engagement A key part of our corporate governance program is our annual shareholder engagement process. We regularly engage with our shareholders on a variety of topics throughout the year to ensure we are addressing their questions and concerns, to seek input and to provide perspective on Company policies and practices. Our typical engagement follows a seasonal cycle, as outlined below. We have taken several actions in prior years in consideration of shareholder feedback elicited during this process, including: the elimination of the supermajority shareholder vote requirements in our Articles, adoption of proxy access, declassification of our Board, the determination to hold the advisory vote on our executive compensation on an annual basis, adjustments to the director appointments on our Board committees, adoption of a policy regarding shareholder ratification of executive officer cash severance agreements and the development of our corporate social responsibility program and reporting. We also continue to facilitate direct shareholder communication with management and members of our Board and the ability to easily access and obtain information regarding our Company on our website at www.investors.bestbuy.com . Corporate Responsibility Sustainability Company Purpose Vision As we pursue our purpose to enrich lives through technology, we are committed to creating shared long-term value and positively impacting the world, the environment and the communities in which we operate through interactions with our stakeholders, including our customers, employees, vendor partners, community partners and shareholders. Below are a number of ways that we reflect this approach in the management of the Company s corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives. Environmental We aspire to drive forward the circular economy, a system that aims to reduce waste and preserve resources. We focus on our highest-impact areas, including our operations, the energy we procure and the products we sell. These efforts contribute to mitigating climate risks, reducing potential risks to our business and generating long-term cost savings. 2025 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at Best Buy _____________________________ In our operations, we strive to reduce the use of natural resources. We believe the following focus areas help to reduce the use of natural resources and our impact on the environment while improving our efficiency and profitability: We aim to reduce our carbon emissions by minimizing energy usage, advocating for a cleaner grid and sourcing renewable energy. We monitor our water consumption across our business to identify and manage programs that lessen our dependence on water. To reduce waste and maximize resource efficiency, we continue our efforts to build a more sustainable supply chain by focusing on certifying our supply chain locations as TRUE zero waste. Our focus on sustainable products centers on helping our customers reduce their impact on the environment through the products we sell. We do this by providing a variety of energy-efficient products for our customers. We also support the circular economy by keeping consumer products in use for as long as possible through our repair and trade-in services. We put materials back into the manufacturing process when products reach the end of their lives through our electronics and appliance recycling program. In fiscal 2025, we continued to evolve our industry-leading e-waste recycling program and found additional ways to incentivize recycling. For these efforts, we are proud to be named to the CDP Climate A List for the eighth year, as well as the Dow Jones Best-in-Class North America List for 13 years. Human Rights and Responsible Sourcing We are committed to respecting human rights through our alignment with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Further, across all the products and services we procure, we seek to mitigate risk and enhance our partnership with suppliers and create value for all stakeholders through our Responsible Sourcing Program. We are active members of the Responsible Business Alliance, as are many of the major brands we sell, which allows us to partner across initiatives and increase our impact. Collectively, we embrace a common Supplier Code of Conduct and audit methodology that creates business value by improving working conditions and environmental practices throughout the supply chain. Social Impact We are committed to helping teens build brighter futures and increasing access to technology for the tech-reliant careers of the future. We believe our employee volunteer programs, like Geek Squad Academy, help spark excitement and interest in technology for young learners while engaging our employees unique technical expertise. Best Buy also serves as a fiscal sponsor of the Best Buy Foundation , whose signature Best Buy Teen Tech Center program consists of a network of youth-centered community hubs where teens can engage with the latest technology, learn career skills and interact with safe and supportive mentors. As of February 1, 2025, the Best Buy Foundation supported a network of 68 Best Buy Teen Tech Center locations across the U.S. and Canada. Inclusion and Belonging We believe in an inclusive work environment with a culture of belonging where everyone feels valued, can thrive and has equal opportunities at all levels in the organization. At the core of this environment are our company values, which were founded decades ago and focus, in part, on what it means to unleash the power of our people, as individuals, so everyone can learn, grow and be the best version of themselves. We believe that creating this environment is the right thing to do and has been key to our long-term business success. Training and Development We continue to invest in our employees and build a culture focused on developing our talent. Focusing on foundational and leadership skill development helps to meet employees where they are, which creates a more adaptable and resilient workforce and enhances our competitive advantage. Additionally, we believe by investing in employee training and development, we can create a better employee environment with increased productivity, retention and innovation that ultimately improves overall company performance and brings value to stakeholders. With the continued goal of creating learning opportunities that are tailored to the unique work of each role and a focus on solving the most important problems in our business, we expanded our variety of training experiences in fiscal 2025. This included new learning campaigns, leadership programs and expanded side-by-side trainings to support employee growth alongside their peers and leaders in condensed training formats. 26 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS _____________________________ Corporate Governance at Best Buy Examples of enhancements in fiscal 2025 include: We evolved our leadership development offerings to grow and transform Best Buy for its future. These offerings included unique programs such as an enterprise-wide manager development program, a skill development program for our senior store leaders and several emerging talent programs, including an officer readiness program. We expanded our learning campaigns for new products reaching thousands of employees to include a closer partnership with our vendors, more exposure for our employees and in-depth training in artificial intelligence to help customers with the products they use. We enhanced our portfolio of risk, compliance and safety microlearning courses to enable employees to continuously develop safe, secure and ethical behaviors to protect the company. Employee Benefits Our benefits aim to support employees overall well-being: physical, mental, financial and work-life. We believe our ability to deliver on our purpose of enriching our customers lives depends on ensuring our employees are living happy and healthy lives both while at work and outside of work. In fiscal 2025, we introduced the following benefits to our employees: A well-being sabbatical for employees with five or more years of service that provides them an opportunity to take four weeks off (once every three years) to focus on their well-being; Additional paid time off each year in recognition of tenure for full-time employees with 20 or more years of service, plus additional tiers for part-time employees at three and six years; Five floating holidays and two fixed company holidays (Thanksgiving and Christmas Day) in place of seven fixed holidays for U.S. employees, to give flexibility for employees to celebrate what is meaningful to them. Additionally, in fiscal 2025, we continued our focus on: Caregiver support, including: Access to Joshin, a support system for employees and their loved ones with a focus on disabilities and neurodivergence; Personalized help in a time of great need through Wellthy, a program that helps with emergency housing, healthcare, substance abuse, complex eldercare issues and other moments of crisis; Pay continuation (paid leave) and caregiver pay so employees can care for themselves and their loved ones; and Parental leave for U.S. employees that provides eligible birth parents 100% pay for ten weeks and eligible non-birth parents 100% pay for four weeks. Financial assistance up to $2,500 to employees experiencing personal hardship through the HOPE Fund Helping Our People in Emergencies in partnership with the Richard M. Schulze Family Foundation; Mental health support, including our commitment to raise awareness by equipping employees with training to notice issues in themselves or others, and then find help; and Tuition assistance, including the expansion of our partnership schools that give eligible employees the opportunity to earn a degree with no out-of-pocket costs. Public Policy As a major corporation and corporate citizen, we believe that it is important to work with policymakers on issues impacting our business, customers, employees, shareholders and communities. We know that collaboration helps bring about change that better serves our industry and the communities where we live and work. In fiscal 2025, our public policy priorities included: cybersecurity and data privacy, artificial intelligence and technology innovation, environmental sustainability, fair competition, telehealth and care at home, immigration reform, retail crime, supply chain and infrastructure, taxation, international trade and workforce issues. More information about these priorities, as well as our annual political activity reports and related policies, can be found at https://corporate.bestbuy.com/advocacy . Securities Trading Policy We have adopted a Securities Trading Policy (the Trading Policy ) that governs the purchase, sale and/or other dispositions of the Company s securities by our directors, officers, employees and the Company itself, and that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the exchange listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our Trading Policy was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2025 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance at Best Buy _____________________________ Communications with the Board Anyone who wishes to contact the Board, any individual director or the independent directors as a group, is welcome to do so in writing, addressed to such person(s) in care of: Mr. Todd G. Hartman Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Risk Officer and Secretary Best Buy Co., Inc. 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield, Minnesota 55423 Mr. Hartman will forward all written correspondence to the appropriate director(s), except for spam, junk mail, mass mailings, customer complaints or inquiries, job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or advertisements or patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate material. Mr. Hartman may, at his discretion, forward certain correspondence, such as customer-related inquiries, elsewhere within the Company for review and possible response. Comments or questions regarding our accounting, internal controls or auditing matters will be referred to the Audit Committee. Comments or questions regarding the nomination of directors and other corporate governance matters will be referred to the Nominating Committee. Comments or questions regarding executive compensation will be referred to the Compensation Committee. Corporate Governance Website If you would like additional information about our corporate governance practices, you may view the following documents at www.investors.bestbuy.com under Governance Governance Documents. Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Amended and Restated By-laws of Best Buy Co., Inc. Corporate Governance Principles Audit Committee Charter Compensation and Human Resources Committee Charter Finance and Investment Policy Committee Charter Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy Committee Charter Code of Ethics Best Buy Co., Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan Policy for Shareholder Nomination of Candidates to Become Directors of the Company Process for Communication with the Board of Directors 28 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors General Information Our By-laws provide that our Board consist of one or more directors and that the number of directors may be increased or decreased from time to time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors serving at the time that the action is taken. The number of directors on our Board is reviewed and set by our Board no less often than annually. In March 2025, the Board set the number of directors at eleven as of the Meeting. The Board will continue to evaluate the size of the Board and make adjustments as needed to meet the current and future needs of the Company. Director Nomination Process The Nominating Committee is responsible for screening and recommending to the full Board director candidates for nomination. When the Board and its Nominating Committee determines that a director nomination or search is necessary, the process is robust, thorough and deliberate. The Nominating Committee will consider director candidates nominated by shareholders and will evaluate such candidates utilizing the same criteria used to evaluate other nominees. Shareholder nominations must be accompanied by a candidate resume that addresses the extent to which the nominee meets the director qualification standards and any additional search criteria posted on our website. Nominations will be considered only if we are then seeking to fill an open director position. All nominations by shareholders should be submitted as follows: Chair, Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy Committee c/o Mr. Todd G. Hartman Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Risk Officer and Secretary Best Buy Co., Inc. 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield, Minnesota 55423 2025 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors __________________________ Advance Notice and Proxy Access By-Law Provisions Our By-laws establish advance notice procedures with respect to shareholder proposals, the nomination of candidates for election as directors and the proposal of any business not intended to be included in our proxy statement, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board. In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, a shareholder must comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to be timely, a shareholder s notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the anniversary of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders. The By-laws also specify requirements as to the form and content of a shareholder s notice. In addition to the director nomination provisions described above, the By-laws contain a proxy access provision that provides that any shareholder or group of up to twenty shareholders who qualify as eligible shareholders under the proxy access provisions of our By-laws may nominate, and include in our proxy materials, director candidates constituting up to 20% of our Board of Directors or two directors, whichever is greater. In order for a shareholder or group of shareholders to be eligible under the proxy access provisions of our By-laws to nominate a director, such shareholder or group of shareholders must, among other criteria, be eligible to vote at the Company s annual meeting, have owned or together with other group shareholders have owned 3% or more of the voting power of our issued and outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years and represent that those shares were acquired in the ordinary course of business and not with intent to change or influence control of the Company and that each such person does not presently have that intent. In order to use the proxy access provisions of our By-laws, shareholders and their nominees must satisfy all the eligibility and notice requirements specified in our By-laws. A shareholder proposing to nominate a person for election to our Board of Directors through the proxy access provision generally must generally provide us with a notice requesting the inclusion of the director nominee in our proxy materials and other required information not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date on which our definitive proxy statement was released to shareholders in connection with the prior year s annual meeting. The complete proxy access provisions for director nominations are set forth in the By-laws. Director Qualification Standards In seeking new Board members, our objective is to identify and retain directors that can effectively develop the Company s strategy and oversee management s execution of that strategy. We only consider director candidates who embody the highest standards of personal and professional integrity and ethics and are committed to a culture of transparency and open communication at the Board level and throughout the Company. Successful candidates are dedicated to accountability and continuous improvement with a belief in innovation as a key business success factor. They are also actively engaged and have an innate intellectual curiosity and entrepreneurial spirit. As part of its annual evaluation process for director nominees, the Nominating Committee considers other criteria, including the candidate s history of achievement and superior standards, ability to think strategically, willingness to share examples based upon experience, policy-making experience, and ability to articulate a point of view, take tough positions and constructively challenge management. Directors must also be committed to actively engaging in their Board roles, with sufficient time to carry out the duties of Board and Board committee membership. Finally, one or more of our directors must possess the education or experience required to qualify as an audit committee financial expert pursuant to SEC rules. Our Corporate Governance Principles describe our policy of considering director backgrounds and experience in the director identification and nomination process. When considering Board candidates, the Nominating Committee seeks nominees with a broad range of experience from a variety of industries and professional disciplines such as finance, professional services and technology, along with a diversity of gender, ethnicity, age and geographic location. The Nominating Committee does not assign specific weights to particular criteria, and no particular criterion is necessarily applied to all prospective nominees. As part of its annual review of the Board s composition and director nominees, the Nominating Committee assesses the effectiveness of its approach to director backgrounds and experience. The Board believes that varied backgrounds and qualifications of Board members ensures the mix of experience, knowledge and abilities necessary for the Board to fulfil its responsibilities and leads to a more effective oversight and decision-making process. 30 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS __________________________ Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors The grid below summarizes the key qualifications and skills each of our director nominees possesses that were most relevant to the decision to nominate him or her to serve on the Board. The lack of a mark does not mean the director does not possess that qualification or skill; rather a mark indicates a specific area of focus or expertise on which the Board relies most heavily. Each director s biography describes these qualifications and relevant experience in more detail. 2025 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors __________________________ Director Nominees (Ages and Committee roles as of May 1, 2025) The biographies of each of the nominees include information regarding the person s service as a director, business experience, public company director positions held currently or at any time during the last five years, information regarding involvement in certain legal or administrative proceedings during the last ten years, if any, and the key experiences, qualifications, attributes or skills that led the Nominating Committee and the Board to determine that the person should serve as a director. There are no family relationships among the nominees or between any nominee and any director, executive officer or person chosen to become an executive officer. There are also no material proceedings to which any director, officer, affiliate of the Company, any 5% shareholder or any associate is a party adverse to the Company or its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Company or its subsidiaries. There are no arrangements or understanding between any director nominee and any other person pursuant to which such nominee was or is to be selected as a director or nominee. Each director on our Board is serving a term expiring at the Meeting. 32 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS __________________________ Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors Chief Executive Officer Best Buy Co., Inc. Non-Independent Director Director Since: June 2019 Age: 50 Education: College of St. Benedict Committees: None Other Public Boards: Domino s Pizza, Inc. Corie S. Barry Ms. Barry brings over 20 years of executive leadership experience to the Board, as well as expertise in retail operations and finance. She has held a variety of financial and operational roles since joining Best Buy in 1999. Those roles include the oversight of such areas as strategic transformation and growth, digital and technology, global finance, investor relations, enterprise risk and compliance, integration management, and Best Buy Health. She has an extensive knowledge of the business and was key in leading Best Buy through its transformation. Growth / Transformation Experience With Best Buy s purpose to enrich lives through technology always at the forefront, Ms. Barry helped develop the company s successful transformation strategy and now leads the execution of its growth strategy. She helped Best Buy launch its In-Home Consultation program, rebuild its membership offerings, and expand into the health space. Finance Expertise As Best Buy s Chief Financial Officer from 2016 to 2019, Ms. Barry brings strong financial acumen to the Board. She previously served as Senior Vice President of Domestic Finance. She worked at Deloitte Touche as an auditor before joining Best Buy. Knowledge of Best Buy and the Industry As Best Buy s CEO since 2019, Ms. Barry has extensive knowledge of the Company, its business partners, and the broader consumer electronics industry in which it competes. Experience Qualifications Chief Executive Officer, Best Buy Co., Inc. (2019-present) Chief Financial Officer (2016-2019) Strategic Transformation Officer (2018-2019), Best Buy Co., Inc. Chief Strategic Growth Officer Interim President, Services, Best Buy Co., Inc. (2015-2016) Senior Vice President, Domestic Finance, Best Buy Co., Inc. (2013-2015) Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Business Development, Home Business Group, Best Buy Co., Inc. (2012-2013) Vice President, Finance Home Customer Solutions Group, Best Buy Co., Inc. (2010-2012) Business Operations Chief Executive Officer Corporate Governance Customer Engagement / Marketing Digital / e-Commerce CR S Finance Growth Transformation Philanthropy / Non-Profits Retail / Consumer Service Technology Cybersecurity 2025 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors __________________________ Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing, Communications and Customer Experience Officer, The Travelers Companies, Inc. Independent Director Director Since: December 2009 Age: 61 Education: Brown University Northwestern University Committees: Compensation Nominating (Chair) Other Public Boards: None Lisa M. Caputo Ms. Caputo brings more than 25 years of private/public sector leadership experience in government affairs, communications, marketing, digital, customer experience, and corporate responsibility and sustainability to the Board. She has advised CEOs, built successful social impact strategies, and enhanced customer, employee and community engagement at global organizations. Her time working in President Bill Clinton s administration gives her expertise in public affairs issues. Marketing / Customer Experience / Communications Ms. Caputo s deep expertise has been invaluable to Best Buy s efforts to broaden its brand, rejuvenate the customer experience and transform its marketing, digital and communications efforts to drive growth. Her perspective gained from driving innovation efforts at Travelers is helpful as Best Buy develops growth initiatives in its strategy. Ms. Caputo also spent 11 years at Citigroup, advising three CEOs on topics from marketing and communications to government affairs and community relations. Corporate Public Affairs / Government Affairs In addition to having held senior executive roles at Walt Disney Co. and CBS Corp., Ms. Caputo spent more than a decade in the public sector, serving as Deputy Assistant to President Bill Clinton and Press Secretary to First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton. Her diverse public/private background lends an important voice to the Board. Corporate Responsibility Sustainability Ms. Caputo has an exceptional track record throughout her career of enhancing community, customer and employee engagement, building social impact strategies and leading corporate responsibility and sustainability as well as community relations. She has been key in the development and execution of the Company s CR S initiatives. Experience Qualifications Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing, Communications and Customer Experience Officer of The Travelers Companies, Inc., a property casualty insurer (2011-present) Managing Director and Senior Banker of the Public Sector Group of the Institutional Clients Group of Citigroup, Inc., a financial services company (2010-2011) Global Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President of Citigroup, Inc. (2007-2010) Chief Marketing and Community Relations Officer, Global Consumer Group, Citigroup, Inc. (2005-2007) Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Citigroup's Women Co., a membership service that provides financial education and services for women (2000-2011) Corporate Governance Customer Engagement / Marketing Digital / e-Commerce CR S Finance Philanthropy Non-Profits Retail / Consumer Service 34 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS __________________________ Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors Executive Chairman, Nielsen Independent Director Director Since: September 2013 Age: 63 Education: GM Institute (Kettering University) Harvard University Committees: None Other Public Boards: None David W. Kenny Mr. Kenny brings more than 25 years of Chief Executive Officer experience to the Board. He uses his expertise in data and analytics, technology, and customer engagement to help Best Buy with its transformation and growth efforts, especially around capturing online share and using data responsibly to serve customers. His experience leading The Weather Company offers Best Buy strong environmental leadership and climate change expertise. CEO / Executive Leadership Mr. Kenny is Executive Chairman at Nielsen, a private global measurement and data analytics company. He also previously served as CEO of The Weather Company and Digitas Inc., a global marketing and technology agency for e-Commerce and multichannel companies. In addition, Mr. Kenny has held a variety of other executive roles over his career. He has 25 years of public company board experience. He has served on the board of several public companies including Yahoo, Akamai, Digitas and Nielsen. Technology As Senior Vice President of IBM Watson, Mr. Kenny led the company s growth initiatives around cloud and artificial intelligence services. His online leadership dates to 1997, when he founded Digitas. Customer Engagement As the executive chairman of Nielsen, Mr. Kenny has a deep knowledge of consumer insights. As chairman and CEO of The Weather Company, acquired by IBM in 2016, he helped turn the organization into a media heavyweight that produced television programming, developed apps, published content and used analytics to connect businesses to consumers through weather and climate-related content. Experience Qualifications Executive Chairman, Nielsen (2023-present) CEO and board director, Nielsen (December 2018-2023) Senior Vice President, IBM Watson (January 2016-2018) and IBM Cloud (November 2016-2018) Chairman and CEO, The Weather Company (2012-2015) President of Akamai (2011-2012) Managing Partner, VivaKi (2006-2010) Founder and CEO, Digitas, Inc. (1997-2006) Business Operations Chief Executive Officer Corporate Governance Customer Engagement / Marketing Digital / e-Commerce CR S Finance Growth / Transformation Philanthropy / Non-Profits Professional Services Retail / Consumer Service Technology 2025 Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors __________________________ Former Chief Executive Officer Independent Director Director Since: July 2023 Age: 58 Education: DePauw University Purdue University Committees: Compensation (Chair) Finance Investment Policy Other Public Boards: None David C. Kimbell Mr. Kimbell is a seasoned executive with more than 25 years of leadership experience in retail and consumer-driven businesses. As former Chief Executive Officer of Ulta Beauty, Inc., he brings strong expertise in marketing, retail, and business transformation to the Board, which will help Best Buy evolve the future of retail. CEO / Executive Leadership Mr. Kimbell served as CEO of Ulta Beauty, the largest specialty beauty retailer in the U.S., from June 2021 until January 2025. Before that, he was Ulta Beauty s Chief Merchandising and Chief Marketing Officer. Marketing Mr. Kimbell brings over 25 years of merchandising and marketing experience to the Best Buy Board. Prior to serving as CEO, he held several leadership positions in marketing at Ulta Beauty, as well as U.S. Cellular, Seventh Generation, PepsiCo, and The Procter Gamble Company. Retail Mr. Kimbell brings a deep understanding of the retail industry through his multiple roles at Ulta Beauty. He also brings experience developing transformation strategies necessary to operate successfully in the evolving omnichannel environment. Experience Qualifications CEO and director, Ulta Beauty (2021-2025) President, Ulta Beauty (2019-2021) Chief Merchandising Officer, Ulta Beauty (2015-2019) Chief Marketing Officer, Ulta Beauty (2014-2019) Chief Marketing Officer Executive Vice President, U.S. Cellular (2011-2014) Chief Marketing Officer Senior Vice President, Seventh Generation (2008-2010) Vice President of Marketing, PepsiCo s Quaker Food Division (2001-2008) Brand Manager, Beauty Division, The Procter Gamble Company (1996-2001) Business Operations Chief Executive Officer Corporate Governance Customer Engagement / Marketing Growth / Transformation Philanthropy / Non-Profits Retail / Consumer Services 36 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS __________________________ Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors Retired Chief Financial Officer Independent Director Director Since: January 2021 Age: 49 Education: University of South Florida Duke University Committees: Audit (Chair) Nominating Other Public Boards: FIGS, Inc. Mario J. Marte Mr. Marte brings more than 20 years of finance expertise, strategy, and business experience across several industries and companies to the Board. As former Chief Financial Officer of Chewy, Inc., he led the company s financial strategy and growth plan, guiding Chewy from startup to become the leading pure play retailer of pet products and services. This background will help guide Best Buy s efforts to innovate and serve an evolving customer base. Finance Mr. Marte led the successful initial public offering of Chewy, Inc., a Fortune 500 and leading online pet product retailer, in June 2019. He led all finance, accounting, corporate development, risk management, and investor relations functions for the company. Prior to becoming CFO, he oversaw financial planning analysis and treasury in three successful private fundraisings and the sale of Chewy to BC Partners in 2017. He has over two decades of experience in finance at Chewy, Hilton Worldwide and American Airlines. Growth, E-Commerce Transformation Mr. Marte has experience in growth and transformation, having established the financial planning, operations finance and treasury functions at Chewy. He also worked closely with the leadership team to reengineer the company s financial strategy and long-term growth plan in the first six months after joining Chewy. These steps led the company to grow from $250 million in revenue to more than $11 billion in eight years while rapidly scaling to profitability and the lead position in e-Commerce for the pet category. Global Mr. Marte has held finance and functional roles at large, global and capital-intensive companies in travel and hospitality. He has worked internationally, based in Spain and the United Kingdom, while leading teams across several countries and regions including Asia Pacific, Latin America, North America and Europe. He has operated in a variety of cultures, and regulatory and currency regimes. Experience Qualifications Chief Financial Officer, Chewy, Inc., (2018-2023) Vice President, Finance Treasurer, Chewy, Inc. (2015-2018) Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, Hilton Worldwide (2011-2015) Various Finance Leadership Roles (2003-2011) Business Operations Customer Engagement / Marketing Digital / e-Commerce Finance Growth / Transformation Investments / Venture Capital Philanthropy / Non-Profits Retail / Consumer Service 2025 Proxy Statement 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors __________________________ Retired Chief Financial Officer Independent Director Director Since: September 2015 Age: 60 Education: Wellesley College Columbia University Committees: Audit Finance Investment Policy (Chair) Other Public Boards: Agilon Health, Inc. Karen A. McLoughlin Ms. McLoughlin brings strong financial acumen to the Board from more than 20 years in various finance management roles. She was the Chief Financial Officer of Cognizant Technology Solutions, a Fortune 500 company and leading provider of information technology, business process and consulting services. She has expertise in growth, transformation, and services, providing a key perspective to Best Buy as it evolves. Finance Ms. McLoughlin served as CFO at Cognizant for eight years. Before that role, she spent more than 20 years in various senior finance management roles at Cognizant, Spherion and Ryder System, Inc. Services In her 17 years at Cognizant, Ms. McLoughlin developed a deep knowledge of the IT services sector, which is invaluable to Best Buy as we focus on our own internal IT processes and continue to emphasize our services offerings. Global / Transformation During Ms. McLoughlin s tenure, Cognizant experienced tremendous growth, with revenue increasing from $368 million in 2003 to $16.7 billion in 2020. Experience Qualifications Chief Financial Officer, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (2012-2020) Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis and Enterprise Transformation, Cognizant (2008-2012) Vice President, Global Financial Planning and Analysis, Cognizant (2003-2008) Vice President, Finance, Spherion Corp., now SFN Group Inc. (1997-2003) Finance Growth / Transformation Healthcare Philanthropy / Non-Profits Professional Services Technology Cybersecurity 38 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS __________________________ Item of Business No. 1 Election of Directors Venture Advisor, New Enterprise Associates Independent Director Director Since: March 2016 Age: 65 Education: Santa Clara University School of Engineering Stanford University Graduate School of Business Committees: Audit Compensation Other Public Boards: Arteris, Inc. Claudia F. Munce Ms. Munce brings more than 30 years of experience in technology, venture capital and startups to the Board. As a seasoned venture capital leader, she has developed a deep knowledge of strategic partnerships and M A activities with a focus on emerging markets and disruptive technology. This background is helpful to Best Buy as it seeks to innovate and grow. Venture Capital Ms. Munce is 