=== BBY_2026-03-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Described below are certain risks we believe apply to our business and the industry in which we operate. The risks are categorized using the following headings: external, strategic, operational, regulatory, compliance and legal, and financial and market. Each of the following risk factors should be carefully considered in conjunction with other information provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public disclosures. The risks described below highlight potential events, trends or other circumstances that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or access to sources of financing and, consequently, the market value of our common stock and debt instruments. These risks could cause our future results to differ materially from historical results and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations of future financial performance. The risks described below are not an exhaustive list of all the risks we face. There may be others that we have not identified or that we have deemed to be immaterial. All forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks described below. External Risks Macroeconomic pressures may adversely affect consumer spending and our financial results. To varying degrees, our products and services are sensitive to changes in macroeconomic conditions. Consumer demand for the products and services that we offer could be, or could continue to be, affected by a number of factors, including: real GDP growth, inflation, recession, consumer confidence, employment levels, effects of government closures, cost of living, uncertainty over the availability of government benefits, tax rates, availability of consumer financing, interest rates, housing market conditions, foreign currency exchange rates, the price of oil, gas and other commodities and other macroeconomic trends. Additionally, the impact of these factors could be compounded with respect to discretionary purchases of consumer electronics. These macroeconomic conditions impact consumer behavior and spending in various ways, including: • whether consumers make a purchase; • how frequently consumers upgrade or replace their devices; • consumers' choice of brand, model or price-point; and • consumers' appetite for complementary services (for example, My Best Buy Plus™ or My Best Buy Total™ membership). Any decrease in consumer demand due to macroeconomic conditions may negatively impact our financial results. We are subject to specific pressures that may increase our product prices, including high consumer demand, inflation, governmental actions (e.g., tariffs) and supply chain disruptions. Additionally, price increases in the products we purchase for resale may require us to adjust our sales prices. Our ability to increase prices to offset these pressures might be limited, requiring us to absorb these increases within our margins. Increases in the cost of living may also put pressure on our ability to offer competitive compensation and other employer-provided benefits and may adversely affect our financial results. Any economic factors or circumstances resulting in higher costs for transportation, labor, insurance, healthcare or commodities can increase our operating, selling, general and administrative costs and otherwise materially adversely affect our financial results. 9 Table of Contents Geopolitical pressures may adversely impact our supply chain, the cost of our products or revenues and financial results. Geopolitical tensions, both domestic and international, including issues related to trade routes, political instability and divisiveness, the potential implementation of more restrictive trade policies, tariff increases and/or volatility, the realignment of alliances or the renegotiation of existing trade agreements could continue to have a material adverse impact on our business. While we directly import approximately 1% to 3% of our overall assortment, our global supply chain for consumer electronics is heavily reliant on vendor imports from foreign countries (including products sourced from China, Mexico and Southeast Asia). Consequently, our financial results are highly sensitive to changes in trade policies, tariffs and cross-border logistics. The scope, timing, and implementation of these policies remains uncertain and may result in new or modified tariff regimes, additional regulatory requirements, or further trade friction with U.S. trading partners. The uncertainty caused by ongoing tariff volatility creates challenges for planning inventory, pricing and supply chain strategies, which could continue to impact our cost structure, supply chain stability and overall financial results. Ongoing or emerging conflicts, including those in the Middle East, Ukraine and the South China Sea, may continue to impact fuel prices, inflation, the global supply chain, cybersecurity and other macroeconomic conditions, which may further adversely affect global economic growth, consumer confidence and demand for our products and services. For example, any further deterioration of relations between Taiwan and China, the resulting actions taken, the response of the international community and other factors affecting trade with China or political or economic conditions in Taiwan could disrupt the manufacturing and distribution of products or hardware components in the region, such as semiconductors and television panels sourced from Taiwan or the broader array of products sourced from China. Additionally, conflict in the Middle East, and the resulting disruption of transit through the Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz, continues to disrupt global supply chain flows and impact fuel prices. Furthermore, these conflicts or other international policies and efforts may impact, or continue to impact, our critical international trade routes, such as the Panama Canal, the Red Sea and the Suez Canal. Such disruptions may increase shipping times or costs, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. Geopolitical tensions may provoke further retaliatory actions by our trading partners that may increase costs, disrupt our supply chain and/or impact our business operations. China maintains significant control over the majority of rare earth elements, which are essential elements in many electronic devices. Should China reinstate its export ban on rare earth elements or take other actions that restrict U.S. supply of these minerals, it would impact both the consumer electronics we sell and our business’s underlying technological infrastructure. One or more of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our supply chain, the cost of our products or our revenues and financial results. Catastrophic events could adversely affect our operating results. Catastrophic events, including those driven or intensified by climate change, pose a growing risk to our operating results and financial performance. The frequency and severity of natural disasters or extreme weather events (such as storms, blizzards, extreme temperatures, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires and droughts) are increasing in many of our key markets, particularly in our three largest states by total sales (California, Texas and Florida). We may experience other catastrophic events beyond natural disasters, including pandemics, civil unrest, power loss, telecommunications failures, software and hardware malfunctions, terrorism (including related cyber threats) and other acts of violence. Additionally, the locations where we do business could continue to be the subject of unrest and national attention, which impacts our ability to operate. The adverse effects of these events may be amplified should multiple events occur simultaneously, such as a natural disaster during a pandemic. Such events may prevent our workforce and/or customers from reaching our stores and properties, disrupt segments of our supply chain and distribution network or impact critical third-party services. These disruptions may impact our ability to procure goods or services necessary for operating our business and may affect our information technology systems, limiting our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders. Catastrophic events could result in significant physical damage to, or closure of, our facilities. They may also necessitate preventative investments in our facilities and infrastructure. Moreover, insufficient infrastructure investment may increase the risk that large-scale disruptive events could impact our critical infrastructure, potentially having a material adverse impact on our operations and financial performance. As a consequence of these catastrophic events, we may experience interruptions to our operations or losses of property, equipment and/or inventory, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 10 Table of Contents Many of the products we sell are highly susceptible to technological advancement, product life-cycle fluctuations and changes in consumer preferences. We operate in a highly and increasingly dynamic industry sector fueled by constant technological innovation, advancement and disruption, including the rapid integration of artificial intelligence (“AI”) into consumer products. These factors manifest in a variety of ways: the emergence of new products and categories, the rapid maturation of categories, cannibalization of categories, changing price points, and product replacement and upgrade cycles. This rapid pace of change can be hard to predict and manage. If we fail to interpret, predict and react to these changes in a timely and effective manner, the consequences may include, but are not limited to: • failure to offer, or inability to secure an adequate supply of, the products and services that our customers want; • excess inventory, which may require heavy discounting, liquidation or storage; • delays in adapting our merchandising, marketing or supply chain capabilities to accommodate changes in product trends; and • damage to our brand and reputation. Vendors may also fail to adequately invest in new technology, design, production or distribution facilities and may reduce their customer incentives, advertising and promotional activities or change their pricing policies. These and other similar factors could have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability. Strategic Risks We face strong competition from multi-channel retailers, e-commerce businesses, technology service providers, traditional store-based retailers, vendors and mobile network carriers, which directly affects our revenue and profitability. We constantly strive to offer consumers the best value in a highly competitive retail sector. We compete against many local, regional, national and international retailers (both online and brick and mortar), as well as against some of our vendors and mobile network carriers that are leveraging their own direct-to-customer channels to market and sell products. Shoppers are increasingly price-conscious when making discretionary purchases. At the same time, online and multi-channel retailers are prioritizing fast, low-cost delivery options, including curbside pickup and guaranteed shipping times. Because our strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service and a full range of complementary services, our cost structure may be higher than some of our competitors, creating additional margin pressure. Failure to manage these factors effectively while offering competitive delivery options could negatively impact our profit margins and the demand for our products. Our ability to remain competitive also depends on effectively maintaining and growing our customer base and accurately forecasting their spending levels. An inability to drive traffic to physical and digital channels or to maintain brand relevance with target audiences could pose both an operational and financial risk. Additionally, failure to consistently meet customer expectations across stores, in-home services and online platforms could negatively impact our financial performance. Inability to quickly adapt to changes in customer behavior (e.g., AI-driven search, AI shopping bots) could have an adverse impact our financial results. Competition is becoming increasingly diverse, including through the expansion of retail media networks, such as our retail media network, Best Buy Ads, which competes for brand marketing spend and advertiser attention. Additionally, as our Best Buy Marketplace platform expands, where third-party sellers can sell products on our platform, we face the added challenge of competing not only with external sellers but also with third-party sellers on our own platform. Further, as our competitors develop and expand their strategic use of AI, our operations and profitability could be adversely impacted if we fail to execute or maintain our own focused AI strategy that drives technological advancement and innovation. Diverse competition may also arise from new entrants into the markets we serve, including unexpected players who could more aggressively leverage technologies such as AI and platform integrations. As these and related competitive factors evolve and progress, we may experience material adverse pressure on our revenue and profitability. 11 Table of Contents If we fail to attract, retain and engage qualified employees, our operations and profitability may be negatively impacted. In addition, changes in market compensation rates could adversely affect our profitability. Our performance is highly dependent on attracting, retaining and engaging appropriately qualified employees in our stores, service centers, distribution centers, field and corporate offices. Our strategy of offering high-quality services and assistance for our customers requires a highly trained and engaged workforce, which is reliant on the creation and maintenance of a positive culture that is attractive to all qualified employees and beneficial relationships between employees and the enterprise. The turnover rate in the retail sector is relatively high, creating an ongoing need to recruit and train new employees. Our ability to maintain sufficient numbers of qualified employees depends on a number of factors, such as employee engagement, our reputation, our ability to train and develop our employees, our ability to connect with and promote available talent pools, our development and maintenance of employee-desired policies and practices, unemployment rates, competition from other employers, availability of qualified personnel and our ability to offer appropriate compensation and benefit packages. Additionally, increasingly prevalent legal and regulatory restrictions on the terms or enforceability of non-competition, employee non-solicitation, confidentiality and similar restrictive covenant clauses could make it more difficult to retain qualified personnel. Further, our policies and practices may be affected by, or require changes in response to, evolving legal and regulatory restrictions on policies related to employee engagement, which may further impact our ability to retain and engage qualified employees. We operate in a competitive labor market, and there is a risk that market increases in compensation and employer-provided benefits could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. We may be subject to continued market pressure to increase employee hourly wage rates and employer-provided benefits, especially as the cost of living increases. In addition, prolonged external stressors (e.g., from violence, political unrest or customer behavior) may affect the mental wellbeing of employees and lead to fatigue, reduced engagement and/or attrition. Failure to recruit or retain qualified employees may impair our efficiency and effectiveness and our ability to pursue growth opportunities. In addition, significant turnover of our executive team or other employees in key positions with specific knowledge relating to our operations and industry may negatively impact our operations and financial results and potentially have cascading effects on our employees. Our focus on services exposes us to certain risks that could have a material adverse impact on our revenue, profitability and reputation. We offer a full range of services that complement our product offerings, including consultation, delivery, health-related services, installation, memberships, repair, set-up, technical support and warranty-related services. The strategy and execution of our service offerings are subject to incremental risks, such as: • a sustained increase in consumer desire to purchase product offerings online and through mobile applications, impacting our ability to sell ancillary services; • unpredictable extended warranty failure rates and related expenses; • margin pressure from membership offerings; • pressure from lower-cost competitors that could erode the value proposition of our premium services; • the continual need to maintain and upgrade the technology infrastructure supporting our services; • increased labor expenses and challenges in forecasting staffing needs, as well as pressure on traditional labor models to meet evolving customer expectations; • bad actors posing as Geek Squad and/or customer care; • potential claims liability due to employees traveling in company vehicles and/or working in customer homes; • errors or omissions in the fulfillment of services; • customer devices in our possession and the related responsibility for the security of those devices and the privacy of the data they hold; • the potential impact on in-home services of inclement weather, health and safety concerns and catastrophic events; • growing dependence on third parties (e.g., reduced control over subcontractor regulatory compliance and adherence to our standards, liability for third parties working on our behalf); and • non-compliance with new and existing laws and regulations applicable to these services. 12 Table of Contents Our reliance on key vendors and mobile network carriers subjects us to various risks and uncertainties which could affect our revenue and profitability. While we source products we sell from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors, a significant portion of our merchandise comes from a relatively small group of key suppliers. In fiscal 2026, our 20 largest suppliers accounted for approximately 80% of the merchandise we purchased, with five suppliers – Apple, Samsung, HP, LG and Sony – representing approximately 55% of total merchandise purchased. Our contracts with vendors generally do not require them to continue supplying us with merchandise. Our profitability depends on securing acceptable terms with our vendors for, among other things, the price of merchandise we purchase from them, funding for various forms of promotional programs, payment terms, allocations of merchandise, development of compelling assortments of products, data sharing terms, operation of vendor-focused shopping experiences within our stores and terms covering returns and factory warranties. While we believe we offer capabilities that these vendors value and depend upon to varying degrees, our vendors may be able to leverage their competitive advantages — for example, their own stores or online channels, their financial strength, the strength of their brands with customers or their relationships with other retailers — to our detriment. In addition, vendors may decide to limit or cease allowing us to offer certain categories, focus their marketing efforts on alternative channels or make unfavorable changes to our financial or other terms. Further, our flexibility to modify selling prices is limited due to digital technology that enables consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis, a challenge that is further amplified by the increasing use of AI-driven tools and shopping platforms. Globally, the cost and availability of memory components have been, and may continue to be, affected by industry-wide supply constraints. While we work with vendors to adjust product and pricing strategies, these actions may not fully offset higher costs and inventory constraints, which may impact our margins and financial performance. We are also dependent on a small number of mobile carriers to allow us to offer mobile devices with carrier connections. The competitive strategies utilized by mobile network carriers can have a material impact on our business, especially with ongoing consolidation in the mobile industry. For example, if carriers change the structure of contracts, upgrade terms, qualification requirements, monthly fee plans, cancellation fees or service levels, the volume of upgrades and new contracts we sign with customers may be reduced, adversely affecting our revenue and profitability. In addition, our carriers may also serve customers through their own stores, websites, mobile applications and call centers or through other competing retail channels. Demand for the products and services we sell could decline if we fail to maintain positive brand perception and recognition. We operate a portfolio of brands with a commitment to customer service and innovation. We believe that recognition and the reputation of our company and our brands are key to our success. Operational factors, such as failure to deliver high quality services, offer competitive pricing, or meet delivery promises could damage our reputation. As we grow certain areas of the business (including Best Buy Marketplace, where there is a risk that third-party sellers, products, partners and services may fail to meet customer expectations), our reputation may be negatively affected. External factors, such as negative public remarks or accusations, heightened violence and crime in or around our stores, or our failure to meet enhanced, and sometimes conflicting, expectations on corporate response to sensitive topics (including the use of AI), could also be damaging. Further, these risks, along with others, may be compounded by a polarized political climate and social activism directed at companies. Third parties may commit fraud (e.g., AI-driven fraud or impersonation of Geek Squad agents) while using our brand without our permission, possibly harming brand perception or reputation. The ubiquity of social media means that customer feedback and other information about our company, which may include fictitious information, are shared with a broad audience in a manner that is easily accessible and rapidly disseminated. Damage to the perception or reputation of our brands could result in, among other things, declines in revenues and customer loyalty (including as a result of any boycotts), decreases in gift card and service plan sales, lower employee retention and productivity and vendor relationship issues, all of which could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 13 Table of Contents Failure to effectively identify, manage and execute enterprise-wide strategies could have a negative impact on our business. We may pursue new strategic initiatives, including business relationships, acquisitions, and/or adding or expanding revenue streams, including Best Buy Ads and Best Buy Marketplace. Assessing the viability of new or existing strategies is typically subject to uncertainty, and the success of such strategies can be adversely affected by many factors, including, for example, our ability to: • identify or appropriately evaluate the risks in our diligence assessments; • define or communicate strategies to sufficiently mobilize and align resources in support of strategic priorities; • manage aggressive launch schedules and simultaneous execution of strategies within our current capabilities, resources or risk appetite; • ensure alignment and mobilization of resources across a diverse and distributed employee population; • execute certain aspects of our strategy within state, local, federal and/or non-U.S. jurisdiction regulations; • manage regulatory and other risks if we choose to enter new jurisdictions, including international jurisdictions; • manage tax risks associated with new strategies and revenue streams, including tax compliance and the impact of unsettled and evolving tax laws and regulations; • effectively manage specific risks associated with Best Buy Marketplace, including compliance with laws and regulations relating to anti-money laundering, bank account and accounting requirements and unsettled and evolving laws around liability exposure; • curate and refine our product assortment or offerings to meet customer expectations; • integrate aspects of potential strategies into our existing business, such as new product or service offerings or information technology systems; • generate growth from new or emerging strategies; • accurately predict customer demand, meet customer expectations or generate forecasted revenue or profitability; • maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting; • accurately forecast financial performance, given the potential for unforeseen changes in the business environment; • modernize technology platforms to support strategic initiatives, operations, compliance, and retail demands; • generate expected synergies, such as cost reductions and other benefits; and • manage potential adverse impacts on relationships with employees, vendors and other key partners of our existing business. If our new or emerging strategies are unsuccessful, our reputation could be negatively impacted. Additionally, liquidity and profitability could be materially adversely affected, and we may be required to recognize material impairments to goodwill and other assets acquired or elect to discontinue certain areas of the business. For example, we recorded impairment charges related to our decision to exit a component of our Best Buy Health business in fiscal 2026. Our strategies may also divert our financial resources and management’s attention from other important areas of our business. Failure to effectively manage our infrastructure, real estate portfolio and market segmentation strategy may negatively impact our business. Managing our real estate portfolio effectively is critical to our omnichannel strategy. Failure to identify and secure suitable store and other facility locations, negotiate appropriate terms related to our real estate portfolio, or respond appropriately to any unforeseen changes could impair our ability to compete successfully and maintain profitability. In addition, any of the following factors could impact our long-term real estate strategy: • our ability to adjust store operating models to adapt to changing consumer patterns; • the location and appropriate number of stores, supply chain and other facilities in our portfolio; • the products and services we offer at each store; • the local competitive positioning, trade area demographics and economic factors for each of our stores; • the primary term lease commitment and long-term lease option coverage for each store; and • our ability to meet the evolving physical upgrades and maintenance needs of stores, facilities, and supply chain infrastructure necessary to support any changes to our strategy. 14 Table of Contents Operational Risks Interruptions and other factors affecting our supply chain may adversely affect our business. Our supply chain assets are a critical part of our operations, particularly considering industry trends and initiatives, such as ship-from-store and the emphasis on fast delivery when purchasing online. We depend on our vendors’ abilities to deliver products to us at the right location, at the right time and in the right quantities. We also depend on third parties for the operation of certain aspects of our supply chain network. The continuing growth of online purchases for delivery increases our exposure to these risks. The factors that could adversely affect our operations or cause interruptions to our delivery capabilities include, but are not limited to: • our ability to maintain and upgrade the technology infrastructure supporting our retail and supply chain operations; • the risk to our employees, customers and inventory arising from burglaries or robberies in transit, at our stores or at our other facilities; • our third parties’ ability to meet our standards or commitments; • our ability to meet growing supply chain capacity needs (e.g., fulfillment as a service, Best Buy Marketplace returns and recalls); and • the consolidation, business failures and heightened political scrutiny associated with the transportation and distribution sectors. These risks are compounded for small parcel home deliveries, as we are dependent on a relatively small number of carriers with the scope and capacity required by our business. Additionally, global supply chain impacts, similar to previous disruptions in the Red Sea and Panama Canal, could lead to increases in transportation costs or hinder third parties’ abilities to meet our demand for product volumes and timing, including: • unionization, labor strikes, slow-downs, competitive job markets and labor shortages impacting ports or any other aspect of our supply chain; • geopolitical affairs, including tariffs and other measures that impact the price or availability of transporting our products; • natural disasters and climate events; and • diseases, pandemics, outbreaks and other health-related concerns. It is important that we maintain optimal levels of inventory in each store and distribution center and respond rapidly to shifting demands. Any disruption to our supply chain network, including for any of the reasons above, could damage our revenue and profitability. If we fail to manage these risks effectively, we could experience a material adverse impact on our reputation, revenue and profitability. We uti

=== BBY_2026-06-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors , of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, and any updated information in subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, for a description of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Among the factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in such forward-looking statements are the following: macroeconomic pressures in the markets in which we operate (including but not limited to real GDP growth, inflation, recession, consumer confidence, employment levels, effects of the government closures, cost of living, uncertainty over the availability of government benefits, tax rates, availability of consumer financing, interest rates, housing market conditions, foreign currency exchange rates, the price of oil, gas and other commodities and other macroeconomic trends); geopolitical pressures (including issues related to trade routes, political instability and divisiveness, the potential implementation of more restrictive trade policies, tariff increases and/or volatility, the realignment of alliances or the renegotiation of existing trade agreements); catastrophic events, health crises and pandemics; susceptibility of the products we sell to technological advancements, product life cycle fluctuations and changes in consumer preferences; competition (including from multi-channel retailers, e-commerce business, technology service providers, traditional store-based retailers, vendors and mobile network carriers, in the provision of delivery speed and options and with the strategic use of artificial intelligence); our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and changes in market compensation rates; our focus on services as a strategic priority; our reliance on key vendors and mobile network carriers (including product availability); our ability to maintain positive brand perception and recognition; our ability to effectively identify, manage and execute enterprise-wide strategies, such as strategic ventures, alliances or acquisitions; our ability to effectively manage our infrastructure, real estate portfolio and market segmentation strategy; interruptions and other factors affecting our supply chain (impacting our stores or other aspects of our operations); our utilization of third-party vendors for certain aspects of our operations; risks associated with the products we sell, including those products sold on our Marketplace platforms and products under our exclusive brand labels; our reliance on our information technology systems, internet and telecommunications access and capabilities; our ability to prevent or effectively respond to a cyber-attack, privacy or security breach; statutory, regulatory and legal developments (including statutes and/or regulations related to tax or privacy); evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations (including, but not limited to, cybersecurity and corporate responsibility and sustainability matters); risks arising from our international activities (including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates); failure to meet any financial performance guidance or other forward-looking statements; failure to effectively manage our costs; our dependence on cash flows and net earnings generated during the fourth fiscal quarter; economic or regulatory developments that might affect our ability to provide attractive promotional financing; constraints in the banking and capital markets; and changes in our credit ratings. We caution that the foregoing list of important factors is not complete. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement that we may make. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, in addition to the risks inherent in our operations, we are exposed to certain market risks. Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to changes in short-term market interest rates and these changes in rates will impact our net interest expense. Certain cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash generate interest income that will vary based on changes in short-term interest rates. In addition, we have swapped a portion of our fixed-rate debt to floating rate such that the interest expense on this debt will vary with short-term interest rates. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, for further information regarding our interest rate swaps. As of May 2, 2026, we had $2.0 billion of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and $0.5 billion of debt that has been swapped to floating rate, and therefore the net asset balance exposed to interest rate changes was $1.5 billion. As of May 2, 2026, a 50-basis point increase in short-term interest rates would have led to an estimated $2 million increase in net interest income during the first quarter of fiscal 2027, and conversely a 50-basis point decrease in short-term interest rates would have led to an estimated $2 million decrease in net interest income during the first quarter of fiscal 2027. 25 Table of Contents Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk We have market risk arising from changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to operations in our International segment. On a limited basis, we utilize foreign currency forward contracts to manage foreign currency exposure to certain forecasted inventory purchases, recognized receivable and payable balances and our investment in our Canadian operations. Our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of net earnings and cash flows, as well as to reduce the volatility of net asset value associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our foreign currency risk management strategy includes both hedging instruments and derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , and Note 5, Derivative Instruments , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, for additional information regarding these instruments. During the first quarter of fiscal 2027, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations were primarily driven by the weakening of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar compared to the prior-year period. We estimate that the foreign exchange rate fluctuations had a favorable impact on our revenue of approximately $23 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2027. The estimated impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on our net earnings in the first quarter of fiscal 2027 was not significant. Item 4. Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s (“SEC”) rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We have established a Disclosure Committee, consisting of certain members of management, to assist in this evaluation. The Disclosure Committee meets on a regular quarterly basis and more often if necessary. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and