=== BBY_2026-03-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors , in this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 29 Table of Contents Results of Operations Consolidated Results In fiscal 2026, our comparable sales returned to growth and we stabilized our market share position while navigating a complex and often evolving tariff situation. We launched and began to scale Best Buy Marketplace within our Domestic segment and grew our retail media network, Best Buy Ads. We believe we were able to both make investments in our strategic initiatives and expand our operating margin through a combination of disciplined expense management and efficiency optimization efforts. Selected consolidated financial data was as follows ($ in millions, except per share amounts): 2026 2025 2024 Revenue $ 41,691 $ 41,528 $ 43,452 Revenue % change 0.4 % (4.4) % (6.1) % Comparable sales % change 0.5 % (2.3) % (6.8) % Gross profit $ 9,373 $ 9,385 $ 9,603 Gross profit as a % of revenue (1) 22.5 % 22.6 % 22.1 % SG A $ 7,623 $ 7,651 $ 7,876 SG A as a % of revenue (1) 18.3 % 18.4 % 18.1 % Restructuring charges $ 190 $ (3) $ 153 Goodwill and intangible asset impairments $ 171 $ 475 $ - Operating income $ 1,389 $ 1,262 $ 1,574 Operating income as a % of revenue 3.3 % 3.0 % 3.6 % Net earnings $ 1,069 $ 927 $ 1,241 Diluted EPS $ 5.04 $ 4.28 $ 5.68 (1) Because retailers vary in how they record costs of operating their supply chain between cost of sales and SG A, our gross profit rate and SG A rate may not be comparable to other retailers' corresponding rates. For additional information regarding costs classified in cost of sales and SG A, refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In fiscal 2026, we generated $41.7 billion in revenue, compared to $41.5 billion in fiscal 2025, and our comparable sales grew 0.5%, primarily driven by comparable sales growth in computing and mobile phones, partially offset by comparable sales declines in home theater and appliances. The comparable sales growth was due to a mix of new technology innovation, our continued focus on omni-channel customer experience and strong vendor partnerships. Restructuring charges in fiscal 2026 were primarily related to a labor and store optimization restructuring initiative that commenced in the second quarter of fiscal 2026 and a restructuring initiative focused on optimizing our Best Buy Health business that commenced in the first quarter of fiscal 2026. Refer to Note 2, Restructuring , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Goodwill and intangible asset impairments in fiscal 2026 were related to Best Buy Health. A change in Best Buy Health s customer base during the third quarter of fiscal 2026 resulted in an impairment review of all Best Buy Health assets. The impairments reflect downward revisions of our revenue growth rates and margin rates compared to previous projections, in part due to pressures in the Medicaid and Medicare Advantage markets. Refer to Note 3, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Operating income rate increased in fiscal 2026, primarily due to lower goodwill and intangible asset impairments, partially offset by higher restructuring charges. Diluted EPS increased in fiscal 2026, primarily due to higher net earnings driven by lower goodwill and intangible asset impairments, partially offset by higher restructuring charges. In fiscal 2026, revenue changes were primarily driven by our International segment, and operating income rate changes were primarily driven by our Domestic segment. Gross profit rate and SG A rate changes in fiscal 2026 were driven by both of our segments. For further discussion of our Domestic and International segments, see Segment Performance Summary , below. 30 Table of Contents Store Summary Stores open by segment were as follows: January 31, 2026 February 1, 2025 February 3, 2024 Best Buy 886 891 901 Outlet Centers 18 25 22 Pacific Sales 20 20 20 Yardbird 2 21 22 Total Domestic stores 926 957 965 Canada Best Buy stores 130 129 128 Canada Best Buy Mobile stand-alone stores 12 31 32 Total International stores (1) 142 160 160 Total stores 1,068 1,117 1,125 (1) Excludes Best Buy Express stores leased by Bell Canada. We continuously monitor store performance as part of a market-driven, omnichannel strategy. As we approach the expiration of leases, we evaluate various options for each location, including whether a store should remain open. We currently expect to increase our Domestic segment Best Buy store count by approximately 4 stores by the end of fiscal 2027. In fiscal 2026, we closed select non-traditional Domestic and International store locations in conjunction with our restructuring initiative that commenced in the second quarter of fiscal 2026, with additional closures expected in fiscal 2027. See Note 2, Restructuring , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Income Tax Expense Income tax expense decreased to $337 million in fiscal 2026 compared to $372 million in fiscal 2025. Our effective tax rate decreased to 24.0% in fiscal 2026 compared to 28.7% in fiscal 2025. The decreases were primarily due to the tax impacts of the restructuring charges and the associated exit of a component of our Best Buy Health business, as well as certain expenses that were not deductible in the prior year. The decrease in income tax expense was partially offset by the impact of increased pre-tax earnings. See Note 2, Restructuring , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 31 Table of Contents Segment Performance Summary Domestic Segment Selected financial data for the Domestic segment was as follows ($ in millions): 2026 2025 2024 Revenue $ 38,278 $ 38,238 $ 40,097 Revenue % change 0.1 % (4.6) % (6.3) % Comparable sales % change (1) 0.4 % (2.5) % (7.1) % Gross profit $ 8,636 $ 8,647 $ 8,850 Gross profit as a % of revenue 22.6 % 22.6 % 22.1 % Adjusted SG A (2) $ 6,966 $ 7,000 $ 7,175 Adjusted SG A as a % of revenue (3) 18.2 % 18.3 % 17.9 % Adjusted operating income (2) $ 1,670 $ 1,647 $ 1,675 Adjusted operating income as a % of revenue (4) 4.4 % 4.3 % 4.2 % Selected Online Revenue Data Total online revenue $ 13,166 $ 12,994 $ 13,102 Online revenue as a % of total segment revenue 34.4 % 34.0 % 32.7 % Comparable online sales % change (1) 1.3 % (0.8) % (7.8) % (1) Comparable online sales are included in the comparable sales calculation. (2) Represents segment Adjusted SG A and segment Adjusted operating income as reported in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 280, Segment Reporting . (3) Adjusted SG A as a % of revenue is calculated as Domestic segment Adjusted SG A divided by Domestic segment Revenue. (4) Adjusted operating income as a % of revenue is calculated as Domestic segment Adjusted operating income divided by Domestic segment Revenue. Domestic segment revenue increased slightly in fiscal 2026, primarily driven by comparable sales growth in computing, gaming and mobile phones, mostly offset by comparable sales declines in home theater and appliances. Online revenue of $13.2 billion increased 1.3% on a comparable basis in fiscal 2026. Domestic segment revenue mix percentages and comparable sales percentage changes by revenue category were as follows: Revenue Mix Comparable Sales 2026 2025 2026 2025 Computing and Mobile Phones 47 % 45 % 5.7 % 3.4 % Consumer Electronics 28 % 29 % (5.4) % (5.2) % Appliances 11 % 12 % (8.9) % (14.8) % Entertainment 7 % 7 % 6.8 % (11.9) % Services 6 % 6 % 1.0 % 8.4 % Other 1 % 1 % (6.3) % 15.9 % Total 100 % 100 % 0.4 % (2.5) % Notable comparable sales changes by revenue category were as follows: Computing and Mobile Phones: The 5.7% comparable sales growth was driven primarily by laptops, mobile phones and desktops. Consumer Electronics: The 5.4% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by home theater. Appliances: The 8.9% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by large appliances. Entertainment: The 6.8% comparable sales growth was driven primarily by gaming, partially offset by a comparable sales decline in drones. Services: The 1.0% comparable sales growth was driven primarily by Best Buy Marketplace and Best Buy Ads, partially offset by a comparable sales decline in our Best Buy Health service offerings. Domestic segment gross profit rate remained effectively unchanged in fiscal 2026, primarily due to lower product margin rates, mostly offset by rate improvement within the services category and growth in Best Buy Ads. Domestic segment adjusted SG A decreased slightly in fiscal 2026, primarily due to lower Best Buy Health expenses, lower depreciation and favorable fiscal 2026 indirect tax resolutions, mostly offset by increased expenses in support of our Best Buy Ads and Best Buy Marketplace initiatives, including higher advertising and employee compensation expenses. 32 Table of Contents Domestic segment adjusted operating income rate increased slightly in fiscal 2026, primarily due to a favorable adjusted SG A rate. International Segment Selected financial data for the International segment was as follows ($ in millions): 2026 2025 2024 Revenue $ 3,413 $ 3,290 $ 3,355 Revenue % change 3.7 % (1.9) % (4.3) % Comparable sales % change 2.3 % (0.5) % (3.2) % Gross profit $ 737 $ 738 $ 753 Gross profit as a % of revenue 21.6 % 22.4 % 22.4 % Adjusted SG A (1) $ 622 $ 630 $ 640 Adjusted SG A as a % of revenue (2) 18.2 % 19.1 % 19.1 % Adjusted operating income (1) $ 115 $ 108 $ 113 Adjusted operating income as a % of revenue (3) 3.4 % 3.3 % 3.4 % (1) Represents segment Adjusted SG A and segment Adjusted operating income in accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting . (2) Adjusted SG A as a % of revenue is calculated as International segment Adjusted SG A divided by International segment Revenue. (3) Adjusted operating income as a % of revenue is calculated as International segment Adjusted operating income divided by International segment Revenue. International segment revenue increased in fiscal 2026, primarily driven by revenue from Best Buy Express locations excluded from comparable sales and comparable sales growth primarily driven by computing and mobile phones, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange rates. International segment revenue mix percentages and comparable sales percentage changes by revenue category were as follows: Revenue Mix Comparable Sales 2026 2025 2026 2025 Computing and Mobile Phones 49 % 48 % 5.5 % 3.4 % Consumer Electronics 27 % 28 % (0.1) % (3.3) % Appliances 9 % 10 % (5.1) % (0.9) % Entertainment 8 % 8 % (0.6) % (13.3) % Services 6 % 5 % 5.2 % 5.3 % Other 1 % 1 % (6.3) % (11.0) % Total 100 % 100 % 2.3 % 0.5 % Notable comparable sales changes by revenue category were as follows: Computing and Mobile Phones: The 5.5% comparable sales growth was driven primarily by computing and mobile phones. Consumer Electronics: The 0.1% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by home theater and smart home, partially offset by comparable sales growth in digital imaging and health and fitness. Appliances: The 5.1% comparable sales decline was driven by small and large appliances. Entertainment: The 0.6% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by virtual reality and drones, partially offset by comparable sales growth in gaming. Services: The 5.2% comparable sales growth was driven primarily by growth in marketplace and our membership programs. International segment gross profit rate decreased in fiscal 2026, primarily due to lower product margin rates and unfavorable supply chain costs, partially offset by marketplace growth. International segment adjusted SG A decreased in fiscal 2026, primarily due to lower employee compensation expense, including incentive compensation, and the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates. International segment adjusted operating income rate increased in fiscal 2026, primarily due to increased leverage from higher sales volumes, which resulted in a favorable adjusted SG A rate, partially offset by an unfavorable gross profit rate. 33 Table of Contents Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliations of consolidated SG A, consolidated operating income, consolidated effective tax rate and consolidated diluted EPS (GAAP financial measures) to consolidated adjusted SG A, consolidated adjusted operating income, consolidated adjusted effective tax rate and consolidated adjusted diluted EPS (non-GAAP financial measures), respectively, were as follows ($ in millions, except per share amounts): 2026 2025 2024 SG A $ 7,623 $ 7,651 $ 7,876 % of revenue 18.3 % 18.4 % 18.1 % Intangible asset amortization (1) (14) (21) (61) Long-lived asset impairment (2) (21) - - Adjusted SG A $ 7,588 $ 7,630 $ 7,815 % of revenue 18.2 % 18.4 % 18.0 % Operating income $ 1,389 $ 1,262 $ 1,574 % of revenue 3.3 % 3.0 % 3.6 % Intangible asset amortization (1) 14 21 61 Long-lived asset impairment (2) 21 - - Restructuring charges (3) 190 (3) 153 Goodwill and intangible asset impairments (2) 171 475 - Adjusted operating income $ 1,785 $ 1,755 $ 1,788 % of revenue 4.3 % 4.2 % 4.1 % Effective tax rate 24.0 % 28.7 % 23.5 % Intangible asset amortization (1) (0.1) % (0.6) % 0.1 % Long-lived asset impairment (2) (0.2) % - % - % Restructuring charges (3) 1.5 % 0.1 % 0.2 % Goodwill and intangible asset impairments (2) (0.4) % (4.9) % - % Adjusted effective tax rate 24.8 % 23.3 % 23.8 % Diluted EPS $ 5.04 $ 4.28 $ 5.68 Intangible asset amortization (1) 0.07 0.10 0.28 Long-lived asset impairment (2) 0.10 - - Restructuring charges (3) 0.90 (0.01) 0.70 Goodwill and intangible asset impairments (2) 0.81 2.19 - (Gain) loss on disposal of subsidiaries (4) 0.03 - (0.10) Loss on investments, net 0.03 0.03 0.05 Income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments (5) (0.55) (0.22) (0.24) Adjusted diluted EPS $ 6.43 $ 6.37 $ 6.37 For additional information regarding the nature of charges discussed below, refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ; Note 2, Restructuring ; Note 3, Goodwill and Intangible Assets ; Note 4, Fair Value Measurements ; and Note 10, Income Taxes , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (1) Represents the non-cash amortization of definite-lived intangible assets associated with acquisitions, including customer relationships, tradenames and developed technology assets. (2) Represents charges incurred related to Best Buy Health, comprised of non-cash impairments of goodwill, intangible assets and certain long-lived assets. (3) Charges in fiscal 2026 primarily related to a labor and store optimization restructuring initiative that commenced in the second quarter of fiscal 2026 and a restructuring initiative within the company's Best Buy Health business that commenced in the first quarter of fiscal 2026. Charges in fiscal 2024 primarily related to an enterprise-wide restructuring initiative that commenced in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. (4) Primarily represents charges incurred related to the exit of a component of our Best Buy Health business in fiscal 2026 and the disposal of a Mexico subsidiary in fiscal 2024. (5) The non-GAAP adjustments primarily relate to the U.S. As such, the income tax on a portion of the U.S. non-GAAP adjustments is calculated using the statutory tax rate of 24.5%. There is no income tax for a portion of the U.S. non-GAAP adjustments, as there is no tax benefit on the expenses in the calculation of GAAP income tax expense. 34 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources We closely manage our liquidity and capital resources. Our liquidity requirements depend on key variables, including the level of investment required to support our business strategies, the performance of our business, capital expenditures, dividends, credit facilities, short-term borrowing arrangements and working capital management. We modify our approach to managing these variables as changes in our operating environment arise. For example, capital expenditures and share repurchases are a component of our cash flow and capital management strategy, which, to a large extent, we can adjust in response to economic and other changes in our business environment. Cash and cash equivalents were as follows ($ in millions): January 31, 2026 February 1, 2025 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,738 $ 1,578 The increase in cash and cash equivalents in fiscal 2026 was primarily driven by positive operating cash flows from earnings. The increase was partially offset by dividend payments, capital expenditures and share repurchases. Our cash deposits held at financial institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit. We limit exposure relating to financial instruments by diversifying the financial instruments among various counterparties, which consist primarily of major financial institutions. Cash Flows Cash flows were as follows ($ in millions): 2026 2025 2024 Total cash provided by (used in): Operating activities $ 1,962 $ 2,098 $ 1,470 Investing activities (730) (704) (781) Financing activities (1,083) (1,309) (1,144) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 6 (10) (5) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ 155 $ 75 $ (460) Operating Activities The decrease in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2026 was primarily driven by cash outflows from accounts payable due to the timing of inventory purchases and payments. The decrease was partially offset by lower income tax payments and an increase in net earnings adjusted for non-cash items. Investing Activities The increase in cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2026 was primarily driven by the disposal of a component of our Best Buy Health business. Financing Activities The decrease in cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2026 was primarily driven by lower share repurchases. Sources of Liquidity Funds generated by operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, our credit facilities, other debt arrangements and trade payables are our most significant sources of liquidity. We believe our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund operations and anticipated capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends and strategic initiatives, including business combinations. However, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to limit our spending. There can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our existing credit facilities or obtain additional financing, if necessary, on favorable terms. On April 18, 2025, we entered into a $1.25 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the Five-Year Facility Agreement ) with a syndicate of banks. The Five-Year Facility Agreement replaced the previous $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Previous Facility ), which was entered into April 2023 and scheduled to expire in April 2028, but was terminated on April 18, 2025. The Five-Year Facility Agreement permits borrowings of up to $1.25 billion and expires in April 2030. There were no borrowings outstanding under the Five-Year Facility Agreement as of January 31, 2026, or under the Previous Facility as of February 1, 2025. 35 Table of Contents The Five-Year Facility Agreement contains a covenant that requires the company to maintain a maximum quarterly cash flow leverage ratio. The Five-Year Facility Agreement contains customary default provisions, including, but not limited to, failure to pay interest or principal when due and failure to comply with covenants. As of January 31, 2026, we were in compliance with all covenants. If an event of default were to occur with respect to any of our other debt, it would likely constitute an event of default under the Five-Year Facility Agreement as well. Our credit ratings and outlook as of March 16, 2026, remained unchanged from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025, and are summarized below. Rating Agency Rating Outlook S P Global BBB+ Stable Moody's A3 Stable Credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically, and, therefore, the credit rating assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time. Factors that can affect our credit ratings include, but are not limited to, changes in our operating performance; the economic environment, regulatory and political environment; conditions in the retail and consumer electronics industries; our competitive standing within the industries we operate; our financial position; and changes in our business strategy. If changes in our credit ratings were to occur, they could impact, among other things, interest costs for certain of our credit facilities, our future borrowing costs, access to capital markets, vendor financing terms and future new-store leasing costs. Restricted Cash Our liquidity is also affected by restricted cash balances that are primarily restricted to cover product protection plans provided under our membership offerings and self-insurance liabilities. Restricted cash, which is included in Other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, was $285 million and $290 million as of January 31, 2026, and February 1, 2025, respectively. The decrease in restricted cash was primarily due to releases of product protection reserves based on claims and purchasing behaviors of customers participating in our membership offerings. Capital Expenditures Capital expenditures were as follows ($ in millions): 2026 2025 2024 E-commerce and information technology $ 463 $ 438 $ 496 Store-related projects (1) 200 230 278 Supply chain 41 38 21 Total capital expenditures $ 704 $ 706 $ 795 (1) Store-related projects are primarily comprised of store remodels and various merchandising projects. We currently expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2027 of approximately $750 million. Debt and Capital As of January 31, 2026, we had $500 million of principal amount of notes due October 1, 2028 ( 2028 Notes ) and $650 million of principal amount of notes due October 1, 2030 ("2030 Notes"). Refer to Note 7, Debt , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about our outstanding debt. Share Repurchases and Dividends We repurchase our common stock and pay dividends pursuant to programs approved by our Board of Directors ( Board ). The payment of cash dividends is also subject to customary legal and contractual restrictions. Our long-term capital allocation strategy is to first fund operations and investments in growth and then return excess cash over time to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining investment-grade credit metrics. Our share repurchase plans are evaluated on an ongoing basis, considering factors such as our financial condition and cash flows, our economic outlook, the impact of tax laws, our liquidity needs, our stock price, and the health and stability of global markets. The timing and amount of future repurchases may vary depending on such factors. On February 28, 2022, our Board approved a $5.0 billion share repurchase program. There is no expiration date governing the period over which we can repurchase shares under this authorization. 36 Table of Contents Share repurchase and dividend activity were as follows ($ and shares in millions, except per share amounts): 2026 2025 2024 Total cost of shares repurchased $ 273 $ 500 $ 340 Average price per share $ 69.18 $ 86.42 $ 72.52 Total number of shares repurchased 4.0 5.8 4.7 Regular quarterly cash dividend per share $ 3.80 $ 3.76 $ 3.68 Cash dividends declared and paid $ 801 $ 807 $ 801 The total cost of shares repurchased decreased in fiscal 2026 due to decreases in the volume of repurchases and the average price per share. Cash dividends declared and paid decreased in fiscal 2026, due to fewer shares outstanding, partially offset by an increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend per share. Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations We do not have outstanding off-balance-sheet arrangements. Contractual obligations as of January 31, 2026, were as follows ($ in millions): Payments Due by Period Contractual Obligations Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More Than 5 Years Purchase obligations (1) $ 3,209 $ 2,393 $ 476 $ 127 $ 213 Operating lease obligations (2) 3,347 739 1,297 769 542 Long-term debt obligations (3) 1,150 - 500 650 - Interest payments (4) 127 38 66 23 - Finance lease obligations 36 12 16 6 2 Total $ 7,869 $ 3,182 $ 2,355 $ 1,575 $ 757 For additional information regarding the nature of contractual obligations discussed below, refer to Note 5, Derivative Instruments ; Note 6, Leases ; Note 7, Debt ; and Note 12, Contingencies and Commitments , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (1) Purchase obligations primarily include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable, are legally binding and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations do not include agreements that are cancelable without penalty. Additionally, although they do not contain legally binding purchase commitments, we include open purchase orders in the table above. Substantially all open purchase orders are fulfilled within 30 days. (2) Operating lease obligations exclude payments to landlords covering real estate taxes and common area maintenance. These charges, if included, would increase total operating lease obligations by $0.8 billion as of January 31, 2026. Operating lease obligations also exclude $22 million of legally binding fixed costs for leases signed but not yet commenced. (3) Long-term debt obligations represent principal amounts only and exclude interest rate swap valuation adjustments. (4) Interest payments related to our 2028 Notes and 2030 Notes include the variable interest rate payments included in our interest rate swaps. Additionally, we have $1.25 billion in undrawn capacity on our Five-Year Facility Agreement as of January 31, 2026, which, if drawn upon, would be included in either short-term or long-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors believed to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. Because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have not made any material changes to our accounting policies or methodologies during the past three fiscal years. We believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These estimates require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments and generally incorporate significant uncertainty. 37 Table of Contents Vendor Allowances Description We receive funds from our merchandise vendors through a variety of programs and arrangements, primarily in the form of purchases-based or sales-based volumes and for product advertising and placement. We recognize vendor allowances based on purchases and sales as a reduction of cost of sales when the associated inventory is sold. Vendor allowances for advertising and placement are recognized as a reduction of cost of sales ratably over the corresponding performance period. Funds that are determined to be a reimbursement of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to sell a vendor's products are recorded as an offset to the related expense within SG A when incurred. Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate Due to the quantity and diverse nature of our vendor agreements, estimates are made to determine the amount of funding to be recognized in earnings or deferred as an offset to inventory. These estimates require a detailed analysis of complex factors, including proper classification of the type of funding received and the methodology to estimate the portion of purchases-based funding that should be recognized in cost of sales in each period, which considers factors such as inventory-turn by product category and actual sell-through of inventory. Effect if actual results differ from assumptions A 10% change in our vendor funding deferral as of January 31, 2026, would have affected net earnings by approximately $45 million in fiscal 2026. The level of vendor funding deferral has remained relatively stable over the last three fiscal years. Goodwill Description Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. The impairment test involves a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. Fair value reflects our estimate of the price a potential market participant would be willing to pay for the reporting unit in an arms-length transaction. We have goodwill in two reporting units Best Buy Domestic (comprising our core U.S. Best Buy business) and Best Buy Health with carrying values of $492 million and $298 million, respectively, as of January 31, 2026. Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires complex analysis and judgment. We use a combination of discounted cash flow ( DCF ) analysis and market data, such as revenue multiples and quoted market prices, for observable comparable companies. DCF analysis requires detailed forecasts of cash flow drivers, such as revenue growth rates, margin rates and capital investments, and estimates of weighted-average cost of capital rates. These estimates incorporate many uncertain factors, such as the effectiveness of our strategy, changes in customer behavior, technological changes, competitor actions, regulatory changes and macroeconomic trends. Effects if actual results differ from assumptions For our Best Buy Domestic reporting unit, fair value is primarily derived from market data and exceeded carrying value by a substantial margin in fiscal 2026, fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024. Barring a fundamental, material deterioration of macroeconomic factors, we believe the risk of future goodwill impairment within our Best Buy Domestic reporting unit is remote. In the third quarter of fiscal 2026, we recorded a goodwill impairment of $118 million within the Domestic segment for the Best Buy Health reporting unit. A change in Best Buy Health s customer base during the third quarter resulted in an impairment review of all Best Buy Health assets. The fair value of Best Buy Health was estimated primarily based on DCF analysis. The impairment reflects downward revisions of our revenue growth rates and margin rates compared to previous projections, in part due to pressures in the Medicaid and Medicare Advantage markets. No further impairment was identified in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026. Our Best Buy Health reporting unit is subject to a greater level of uncertainty compared to our Best Buy Domestic reporting unit, since it operates in a more uncertain environment. Factors that drive this uncertainty include macro-economic conditions, the regulatory environment, government funding programs, competitor actions, technology changes and other trends in the health and care sectors. Changes in any of these factors could lead to further lowering our expectations, which could result in further goodwill impairment. 38 Table of Contents Inventory Markdown Description We value our inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value through the establishment of inventory markdown adjustments. Markdown adjustments reflect the excess of cost over the net recovery we expect to realize from the ultimate sale or other disposal of inventory and establish a new cost basis. No adjustment is recorded for inventory that we expect to return to our vendors for full credit. Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate Markdown adjustments involve uncertainty because the calculations require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment about the expected revenue and incremental costs we will generate for selling current inventory. Such estimates include the evaluation of historical recovery rates, as well as factors such as product type and condition, forecasted consumer demand, product lifecycles, promotional environment, regulatory actions, vendor return rights and the expected sales channel of ultimate disposition. We also apply judgment in the assumptions about other components of net realizable value, such as vendor allowances and selling costs. Effect if actual results differ from assumptions A 10% change in our markdown adjustment as of January 31, 2026, would have affected net earnings by approximately $9 million in fiscal 2026. The level of markdown adjustments has remained relatively stable over the last three fiscal years. Tax Contingencies Description Our income tax returns are routinely examined by domestic and foreign tax authorities. Taxing authorities audit our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of income and deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. At any one time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by the various taxing authorities. In evaluating the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions, we may record a liability for such exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which we have established a liability, is audited and fully resolved or clarified. We adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits and income tax provisions in the period in which an uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations expires for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position or when more information becomes available. Our effective income tax rate is also affected by changes in tax law, the tax jurisdiction of new stores or business ventures, the level of earnings and the results of tax audits. Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate Our liability for unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions. Such assumptions can include complex and uncertain external factors, such as changes in tax law, interpretations of tax law and the timing of such changes, and uncertain internal factors such as taxable earnings by jurisdiction, the magnitude and timing of certain transactions and capital spending. Effect if actual results differ from assumptions To the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. An unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. A favorable tax settlement may reduce our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. Service Revenue Description We sell membership plans that include access to benefits such as technical support, price discounts on certain products and services and product protection plans. We allocate the transaction price to all performance obligations identified in the contract based on their relative fair value. For performance obligations provided over the term of the contract, we typically recognize revenue on a usage basis, an input method of measuring progress over the related contract term. This method involves the estimation of expected usage patterns, primarily derived from historical information. Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate Estimates involve complex calculations and judgment, for example, in estimating the relative standalone selling price for bundled performance obligations; the appropriate recognition methodology for each performance obligation; and, for those based on usage, the expected pattern of consumption across a large portfolio of customers. When insufficient reliable and relevant history is available to estimate usage, we generally recognize revenue ratably over the life of the contract until such history has accumulated. 39 Table of Contents Effect if actual results differ from assumptions A 10% change in the amount of services membership deferred revenue as of January 31, 2026, would have affected net earnings by approximately $42 million in fiscal 2026. The level of services membership deferred revenue has remained relatively stable over the last three fiscal years. New Accounting Pronouncements For a description of applicable new or recently issued accounting pronouncements, including our assessment of the impact on our financial statements, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. In addition to the risks inherent in our operations, we are exposed to certain market risks. Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to changes in short-term market interest rates and these changes in rates will impact our net interest expense. Certain cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash generate interest income that will vary based on changes in short-term interest rates. In addition, we have swapped a portion of our fixed-rate debt to floating rate such that the interest expense on this debt will vary with short-term interest rates. Refer to Note 5, Derivative Instruments , and Note 7, Debt , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding our interest rate swaps. As of January 31, 2026, we had $2.0 billion of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and $0.5 billion of debt that has been swapped to floating rate, and therefore the net asset balance exposed to interest rate changes was $1.5 billion. As of January 31, 2026, a 50-basis point increase in short-term interest rates would have led to an estimated $8 million increase in interest income, and conversely a 50-basis point decrease in short-term interest rates would have led to an estimated $8 million decrease in interest income in fiscal 2026. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk We have market risk arising from changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to operations in our International segment. On a limited basis, we utilize foreign currency forward contracts to manage foreign currency exposure to certain forecasted inventory purchases, recognized receivable and payable balances and our investment in our Canadian operations. Our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of net earnings and cash flows, as well as to reduce the volatility of net asset value associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our foreign currency risk management strategy includes both hedging instruments and derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , and Note 5, Derivative Instruments , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding these instruments. During fiscal 2026, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations were primarily driven by the strength of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar compared to the prior-year period. We estimate that the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations had an unfavorable impact on our revenue of approximately $16 million in fiscal 2026. The estimated impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on our net earnings in fiscal 2026 was not significant. 40 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Management's Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements Our management is responsible for the preparation, integrity and objectivity of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the related financial information. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP and necessarily include certain amounts that are based on estimates and informed judgments. Our management also prepared the related financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is responsible for its accuracy and consistency with the consolidated financial statements. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, which conducted its audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). The independent registered public accounting firm's responsibility is to express an opinion as to whether such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in accordance with GAAP. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by our Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and the dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and Board; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2026, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2026. During our assessment, we did not identify any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements for the year ended January 31, 2026, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an unqualified attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2026. 41 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Best Buy Co., Inc. Richfield, Minnesota. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Best Buy Co., Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of January 31, 2026 and February 1, 2025, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in shareholders' equity, for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2026, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2026 and February 1, 2025, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended January 31, 2026, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 18, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting . Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Vendor Allowances Domestic Reporting Segment Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements. Critical Audit Matter Description The Company receives vendor allowances from certain merchandise vendors through a variety of programs intended to offset the invoice cost of inventory and for promoting and selling merchandise inventory. Allowances based on purchases are initially deferred and recorded as a reduction of merchandise inventory and are recognized as a reduction to cost of sales when the associated inventory is sold. Allowances based on sales volumes are based on merchandise sold and are calculated using an agreed upon amount for each unit sold and recognized as a reduction to cost of sales when the associated inventory is sold. Other promotional allowances not specifically related to volume of purchases or sales, such as advertising and placement, are recognized as a reduction to cost of sales ratably over the corresponding performance period. Given the significance of vendor allowances recorded by the Domestic Reporting Segment to the financial statements and the volume and diversity of individual vendor agreements, auditing these vendor allowances was complex and subjective due to the extent of effort required to evaluate whether these vendor allowances were recorded in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements and that these allowances deferred as an offset to inventory were complete and accurate. 42 Table of Contents How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to evaluating whether these vendor allowances were recorded in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements and the completeness and accuracy of deferred vendor allowances included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of controls over the recording of vendor allowances, including management's controls over the establishment of vendor arrangements, the calculation of vendor allowances earned, and the determination of the deferred vendor allowances recorded as a reduction to inventory. We selected a sample of vendor allowances recorded as a reduction of cost of sales and (1) recalculated the amount recognized using the terms of the vendor agreement; (2) evaluated, based on the terms of the agreement, if the amount should be deferred and recorded as a reduction of merchandise inventory; and (3) tested the settlement of the arrangement. We tested the amount of deferred vendor allowances recorded as a reduction to inventory by developing an expectation for the amount and comparing our expectation to the amount recorded by management. Goodwill Best Buy Health Reporting Unit Refer to Note 1 and Note 3 to the financial statements. Critical Audit Matter Description The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The consolidated goodwill balance was $790 million as of January 31, 2026, of which $298 million was related to the Best Buy Health reporting unit. The Company primarily uses a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate the fair value of the Best Buy Health reporting unit. The discounted cash flow analysis requires management to make subjective estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of cash flows, such as revenue growth rates and margin rates, and estimates of the weighted average cost of capital rate. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. The Company recorded a goodwill impairment of $118 million related to the Best Buy Health reporting unit in the year ended January 31, 2026. Given the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the Best Buy Health reporting unit, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of cash flows, such as revenue growth rates and margin rates, and estimates of the weighted average cost of capital rate, required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the forecasts of cash flows, such as revenue growth rates and margin rates, and estimates of the weighted average cost of capital rate used by management to estimate the fair value of the Best Buy Health reporting unit included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of the Best Buy Health reporting unit, such as controls related to management s forecasts of future revenue and margin rates, and estimates of the weighted average cost of capital rate. We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenues and margin rates by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s revenue forecasts and margin rates by comparing the forecasts to: (1) the Company s historical revenue growth rates; (2) internal communications to management and the board of directors; (3) underlying source documents, when available, such as customer contracts; (4) forecasted information included in industry reports, applicable market data, and certain peer companies; and (5) underlying analyses detailing business strategies and growth plans. We inquired of operating and sales management teams to determine whether the judgments and assumptions used in the future revenue projections were consistent with the strategy and long-range plans for the Best Buy Health reporting unit. With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the weighted average cost of capital rate by: (1) testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations; and (2) developing a range based upon our independent estimate and comparing the rate selected by management to that range. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Minneapolis, Minnesota March 18, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2005. 43 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Best Buy Co., Inc. Richfield, Minnesota. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Best Buy Co., Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of January 31, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended January 31, 2026, of the Company and our report dated March 18, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Minneapolis, Minnesota March 18, 2026 44 Table of Contents Consolidated Balance Sheets $ in millions, except per share amounts January 31, 2026 February 1, 2025 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,738 $ 1,578 Receivables, net 1,043 1,044 Merchandise inventories 5,230 5,085 Other current assets 493 517 Total current assets 8,504 8,224 Property and equipment Land and buildings 734 722 Leasehold improvements 2,395 2,370 Fixtures and equipment 3,732 3,872 Property under finance leases 80 88 Gross property and equipment 6,941 7,052 Less accumulated depreciation 4,955 4,930 Net property and equipment 1,986 2,122 Operating lease assets 2,869 2,833 Goodwill 790 908 Other assets 521 695 Total assets $ 14,670 $ 14,782 Liabilities and equity Current liabilities Accounts payable $ 4,745 $ 4,980 Unredeemed gift card liabilities 235 253 Deferred revenue 900 951 Accrued compensation and related expenses 423 464 Accrued liabilities 742 741 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 623 617 Current portion of long-term debt 11 10 Total current liabilities 7,679 8,016 Long-term operating lease liabilities 2,334 2,282 Long-term debt 1,165 1,144 Long-term liabilities 528 532 Contingencies and commitments (Note 12) Equity Best Buy Co., Inc. Shareholders' Equity Preferred stock, $ 1.00 par value: Authorized - 400,000 shares; Issued and outstanding - none - - Common stock, $ 0.10 par value: Authorized - 1.0 billion shares; Issued and outstanding - 209.1 million and 211.4 million shares, respectively 22 22 Additional paid-in capital 14 - Retained earnings 2,610 2,486 Accumulated other comprehensive income 318 300 Total equity 2,964 2,808 Total liabilities and equity $ 14,670 $ 14,782 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 45 Table of Contents Consolidated Statements of Earnings $ and shares in millions, except per share amounts Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 2026 February 1, 2025 February 3, 2024 Revenue $ 41,691 $ 41,528 $ 43,452 Cost of sales 32,318 32,143 33,849 Gross profit 9,373 9,385 9,603 Selling, general and administrative expenses 7,623 7,651 7,876 Restructuring charges 190 ( 3 ) 153 Goodwill and intangible asset impairments 171 475 - Operating income 1,389 1,262 1,574 Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on disposal of subsidiaries, net ( 6 ) - 21 Investment income and other 68 84 78 Interest expense ( 47 ) ( 51 ) ( 52 ) Earnings before income tax expense and equity in income of affiliates 1,404 1,295 1,621 Income tax expense 337 372 381 Equity in income of affiliates 2 4 1 Net earnings $ 1,069 $ 927 $ 1,241 Basic earnings per share $ 5.06 $ 4.31 $ 5.70 Diluted earnings per share $ 5.04 $ 4.28 $ 5.68 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic 211.0 215.2 217.7 Diluted 212.1 216.6 218.5 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 46 Table of Contents Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income $ in millions Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 2026 February 1, 2025 February 3, 2024 Net earnings $ 1,069 $ 927 $ 1,241 Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax 18 ( 17 ) ( 5 ) Comprehensive income $ 1,087 $ 910 $ 1,236 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 47 Table of Contents Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows $ in millions Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 2026 February 1, 2025 February 3, 2024 Operating activities Net earnings $ 1,069 $ 927 $ 1,241 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to total cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 831 866 923 Restructuring charges 190 ( 3 ) 153 Goodwill and intangible asset impairments 171 475 - Stock-based compensation 139 139 145 Deferred income taxes 60 ( 59 ) ( 214 ) (Gain) loss on disposal of subsidiaries, net 6 - ( 21 ) Long-lived asset impairments 21 2 2 Other, net 14 10 24 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables ( 3 ) ( 111 ) 204 Merchandise inventories ( 126 ) ( 155 ) 178 Other assets 34 11 ( 18 ) Accounts payable ( 238 ) 358 ( 1,025 ) Income taxes ( 7 ) ( 212 ) 52 Other liabilities ( 199 ) ( 150 ) ( 174 ) Total cash provided by operating activities 1,962 2,098 1,470 Investing activities Additions to property and equipment ( 704 ) ( 706 ) ( 795 ) Purchases of investments ( 1 ) ( 26 ) ( 9 ) Disposal of subsidiaries ( 27 ) - 14 Sales of investments - 20 7 Other, net 2 8 2 Total cash used in investing activities ( 730 ) ( 704 ) ( 781 ) Financing activities Repurchase of common stock ( 273 ) ( 500 ) ( 340 ) Issuance of common stock 5 17 19 Dividends paid ( 801 ) ( 807 ) ( 801 ) Repayments of debt ( 13 ) ( 17 ) ( 19 ) Other, net ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) Total cash used in financing activities ( 1,083 ) ( 1,309 ) ( 1,144 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 6 ( 10 ) ( 5 ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 155 75 ( 460 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 1,868 1,793 2,253 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 2,023 $ 1,868 $ 1,793 Supplemental cash flow information Income taxes paid (includes payments for purchased tax credits of $ 150 million, $ 267 million and $ 103 million, respectively) $ 284 $ 643 $ 543 Interest paid $ 44 $ 46 $ 51 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 48 Table of Contents Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity $ and shares in millions, except per share amounts Common Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balances at January 28, 2023 218.1 $ 22 $ 21 $ 2,430 $ 322 $ 2,795 Net earnings - - - 1,241 - 1,241 Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax - - - - ( 5 ) ( 5 ) Stock-based compensation - - 145 - - 145 Issuance of common stock 2.0 - 19 - - 19 Common stock dividends, $ 3.68 per share - - 14 ( 816 ) - ( 802 ) Repurchase of common stock ( 4.7 ) - ( 168 ) ( 172 ) - ( 340 ) Balances at February 3, 2024 215.4 22 31 2,683 317 3,053 Net earnings - - - 927 - 927 Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax - - - - ( 17 ) ( 17 ) Stock-based compensation - - 139 - - 139 Issuance of common stock 1.8 - 17 - - 17 Common stock dividends, $ 3.76 per share - - 17 ( 824 ) - ( 807 ) Repurchase of common stock ( 5.8 ) - ( 204 ) ( 300 ) - ( 504 ) Balances at February 1, 2025 211.4 22 - 2,486 300 2,808 Net earnings - - - 1,069 - 1,069 Other comprehensive income: Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax - - - - 18 18 Stock-based compensation - - 139 - - 139 Issuance of common stock 1.7 - 5 - - 5 Common stock dividends, $ 3.80 per share - - 19 ( 820 ) - ( 801 ) Repurchase of common stock ( 4.0 ) - ( 149 ) ( 125 ) - ( 274 ) Balances at January 31, 2026 209.1 $ 22 $ 14 $ 2,610 $ 318 $ 2,964 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 49 Table of Contents Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Best Buy, we, us, our and the company in these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements refer to Best Buy Co., Inc. and, as applicable, its consolidated subsidiaries. Description of Business We are driven by our purpose to enrich lives through technology and our vision to personalize and humanize technology solutions for every stage of life. We accomplish this by leveraging our unique combination of tech expertise and a human touch to meet our customers everyday needs, whether they come to us online, visit our stores or invite us into their homes. We have operations in the U.S. and Canada. We have two reportable segments: Domestic and International. The Domestic segment is comprised of our operations in all states, districts and territories of the U.S. and our Best Buy Health business, and includes the brand names Best Buy, Best Buy Ads, Best Buy Business, Best Buy Essentials, Best Buy Health, Best Buy Marketplace, Geek Squad, Imagine That, Insignia, Lively, Jitterbug, My Best Buy, My Best Buy Memberships, Pacific Kitchen and Home, TechLiquidators and Yardbird; and the domain names bestbuy.com, lively.com, techliquidators.com and yardbird.com. Our International segment is comprised of all operations in Canada under the brand names Best Buy, Best Buy Ads, Best Buy Business, Best Buy Express, Best Buy Marketplace, Best Buy Mobile, Geek Squad, Insignia and TechLiquidators and the domain names bestbuy.ca and techliquidators.ca. Our Domestic and International segments generate revenue from the sale of products and services within six revenue categories: computing and mobile phones, consumer electronics, appliances, entertainment, services and other. In fiscal 2024, we completed the sale of a Mexico subsidiary subsequent to our exit from operations in Mexico. Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Best Buy Co., Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated upon consolidation. Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("GAAP") requires us to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements, as well as the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Future results could be materially affected if actual results were to differ from these estimates and assumptions. Fiscal Year Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest the end of January. Fiscal 2026, fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 ended on January 31, 2026, February 1, 2025, and February 3, 2024, respectively. Fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025 each included 52 weeks. Fiscal 2024 included 53 weeks with the 53rd week occurring in the fiscal fourth quarter. Unless otherwise noted, references to years in these notes to consolidated financial statements relate to fiscal years, not calendar years. Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026, we prospectively adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"). ASU 2023-09 requires annual disclosure of specific categories meeting a quantitative threshold within the income tax rate reconciliation, as well as disaggregation of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. Refer to Note 10, Income Taxes, for applicable new disclosures. Unadopted Accounting Pronouncements In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement Reporting Comprehensive Income Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses , which requires disclosure of specific expense categories in the notes to financial statements. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. We are currently evaluating the impact of the ASU and expect to include updated expense disclosures in our fiscal 2028 Form 10-K. 50 Table of Contents Segment Information Our business is organized into two reportable segments: Domestic and International. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM ) is our Chief Executive Officer. Our segments are primarily based on geographical area and reflect the way in which internally reported financial information is regularly reviewed by the CODM, who has ultimate responsibility for enterprise decisions, including determining resource allocation for, and monitoring the performance of, the consolidated enterprise, the Domestic segment and the International segment. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets are reconciled to the total shown on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as follows ($ in millions): January 31, 2026 February 1, 2025 February 3, 2024 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,738 $ 1,578 $ 1,447 Restricted cash included in Other current assets 285 290 346 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ 2,023 $ 1,868 $ 1,793 Cash equivalents consist primarily of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Amounts included in restricted cash are primarily restricted to cover product protection plans provided under our membership offerings and self-insurance liabilities. Receivables Receivables consist primarily of amounts due from banks for customer credit card and debit card transactions and vendors for various vendor funding programs. Receivables are stated at their carrying values, net of a reserve for expected credit losses, which is primarily based on historical collection trends. Our allowances for uncollectible receivables were $ 24 million and $ 26 million as of January 31, 2026, and February 1, 2025, respectively. We had $ 50 million and $ 48 million of write-offs in fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025, respectively. Merchandise Inventories Merchandise inventories are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The weighted-average method is used to determine the cost of inventory which includes costs of in-bound freight to move inventory into our distribution centers. Also included as a reduction to the cost of inventory are certain vendor allowances. Costs associated with storing and transporting merchandise inventories to our retail stores are expensed as incurred and included within Cost of sales on our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Our inventory valuation also reflects markdown adjustments for the excess of cost over the net recovery we expect to realize from the ultimate sale or other disposal of inventory and establish a new cost basis. No adjustment is recorded for inventory that we expect to return to our vendors for full credit. Subsequent changes in facts or circumstances do not result in the reversal of previously recorded markdown adjustments or an increase in the newly established cost basis. Our inventory valuation reflects adjustments for physical inventory losses (resulting from, for example, theft). Physical inventory is maintained through a combination of full location counts and more regular cycle counts. Property and Equipment Property and equipment is initially recorded at cost. We depreciate property and equipment to its residual value using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the period from the date the assets are placed in service to the end of the lease term, which includes optional renewal periods if they are reasonably certain. Accelerated depreciation methods are generally used for income tax purposes. When property is retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from our Consolidated Balance Sheets and any resulting gain or loss is reflected on our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Major renewals or replacements that substantially extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized at cost and depreciated over its remaining useful life. 51 Table of Contents Estimated useful lives by major asset category are as follows (in years): Asset Category Useful Life Buildings 5 - 35 Leasehold improvements 2 - 10 Fixtures and equipment 2 - 15 Capitalized software is included in Fixtures and equipment on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Costs associated with the acquisition or development of software for internal use are capitalized at cost and amortized over the expected useful life of the software, generally from two years to five years . A subsequent addition, modification or upgrade to internal-use software is capitalized to the extent that it enhances the software's functionality. Software maintenance and training costs are expensed as incurred. Costs associated with implementing cloud-computing arrangements that are service contracts are capitalized using methodology similar to internal-use software, but are included in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. When evaluating long-lived assets with impairment indicators for potential impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset, we calculate an impairment loss. The impairment loss calculation compares the carrying value of the asset to its estimated fair value, which is typically based on estimated discounted future cash flows. We recognize an impairment loss if the amount of the asset s carrying value exceeds the asset s estimated fair value. We evaluate locations for triggering events on a quarterly basis. For store locations, our primary indicator that asset carrying values may not be recoverable is negative store operating income for the most recent 12-month period. We also monitor other factors when evaluating store locations for impairment, including significant changes in the manner of use or expected life of the assets, or significant changes in our business strategies. When reviewing long-lived assets for impairment, we group long-lived assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. For example, long-lived assets deployed at store locations are reviewed for impairment at either the individual store level or at the local market level. Such reviews involve comparing the net carrying value of all assets to the net cash flow projections for each store or market. In addition, we conduct separate impairment reviews at other levels as appropriate, for example, to evaluate the potential impairment of assets shared by several areas of operations, such as information technology systems. Leases The majority of our lease obligations are real estate operating leases used in our retail and distribution operations. Our finance leases are primarily equipment-related. For any lease with an initial term in excess of 12 months, the related lease assets and liabilities are recognized on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as either operating or finance leases at the inception of an agreement where it is determined that a lease exists. We have lease agreements that contain both lease and non-lease components. We have elected to account for these lease agreements with both lease and non-lease components as a single component for all classes of assets. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets; we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Operating lease assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and operating lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. These assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of future payments over the lease term at the commencement date. We estimate the incremental borrowing rate for each lease based on an evaluation of our credit ratings and the prevailing market rates for collateralized debt in a similar economic environment with similar payment terms and maturity dates commensurate with the terms of the lease. Our operating leases also typically require payment of real estate taxes, common area maintenance and insurance. These components comprise the majority of our variable lease cost and are excluded from the present value of our lease obligations. In instances where they are fixed, they are included due to our election to combine lease and non-lease components. Operating lease assets also include prepaid lease payments and initial direct costs and are reduced by lease incentives. We generally do not include options to extend or terminate a lease unless it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. Fixed payments may contain predetermined fixed rent escalations. We recognize the related rent expense on a straight-line basis from the commencement date to the end of the lease term. Refer to Note 6, Leases , for additional information. 52 Table of Contents Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in business combinations. We test goodwill for impairment annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We monitor the existence of potential impairment indicators throughout the fiscal year. We test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level. Reporting units are determined by identifying operating segments (or components thereof) that constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by segment management. We have goodwill in two reporting units Best Buy Domestic and Best Buy Health with carrying values of $ 492 million and $ 298 million, respectively, as of January 31, 2026, and carrying values of $ 492 million and $ 416 million, respectively, as of February 1, 2025. We recorded goodwill impairments related to our Best Buy Health reporting unit in fiscal 2025 and in the third quarter of fiscal 2026. Our impairment testing involves a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. Fair value reflects our estimate of the price a potential market participant would be willing to pay for the reporting unit in an arms-length transaction. We use a combination of discounted cash flow ( DCF ) analysis and market data, such as revenue multiples and quoted market prices, for observable comparable companies. DCF analysis requires detailed forecasts of cash flow drivers, such as revenue growth rates, margin rates and capital investments, and estimates of weighted-average cost of capital rates. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, we conclude that no goodwill impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Intangible Assets Our valuation of identifiable intangible assets acquired is based on information and assumptions available to us at the time of acquisition, using income and market approaches to determine fair value, as appropriate. We amortize definite-lived intangible assets associated with acquisitions over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We review these assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We monitor the existence of potential impairment indicators throughout the fiscal year and recognize an impairment loss for any portion of the carrying value that is not recoverable. In fiscal 2026, we recorded intangible asset impairments related to Best Buy Health. We do not amortize indefinite-lived intangible assets, but test for impairment annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We utilize the relief from royalty method to determine the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying value exceeds its fair value, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess. In fiscal 2026, we recorded a full impairment related to our only remaining indefinite-lived intangible asset. Refer to Note 3, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , for additional information. Derivatives Net Investment Hedges We use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge against the effect of Canadian dollar exchange rate fluctuations on a portion of our net investment in our Canadian operations. The contracts have terms of up to 12 months. For a net investment hedge, we recognize changes in the fair value of the derivative as a component of foreign currency translation within other comprehensive income to offset a portion of the change in translated value of the net investment being hedged, until the investment is sold or liquidated. We limit recognition in net earnings of amounts previously recorded in other comprehensive income to circumstances such as complete or substantially complete liquidation of the net investment in the hedged foreign operation. We report the gains and losses, if any, related to the amount excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness on our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Net cash flows related to our net investment hedges are presented within Investing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Fair Value Hedges We utilize receive fixed-rate, pay variable-rate interest rate swaps to mitigate the effect of interest rate risk on our $ 500 million principal amount of notes due October 1, 2028. Our interest rate swap contracts are considered perfect hedges because the critical terms and notional amounts match those of our fixed-rate debt being hedged and are, therefore, accounted for as fair value hedges using the shortcut method. Under the shortcut method, we recognize the change in the fair value of the derivatives with an offsetting change to the carrying value of the debt. Accordingly, there is no net impact on our Consolidated Statements of Earnings from the fair value of the derivatives. Net cash flows related to our fair value hedges are presented within Operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 53 Table of Contents Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to recognized receivable and payable balances denominated in non-functional currencies. The contracts generally have terms of up to 12 months. These derivative instruments are not designated in hedging relationships and, therefore, we record gains and losses on these contracts directly to our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Net cash flows related to our derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are presented within Operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Refer to Note 5, Derivative Instruments , for additional information. Fair Value Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. To measure fair value, we use a three-tier valuation hierarchy based upon observable and non-observable inputs: Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. Level 2 Significant other observable inputs available at the measurement date, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, either directly or indirectly, including: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets; Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by other observable market data. Level 3 Significant unobservable inputs that cannot be corroborated by observable market data and reflect the use of significant management judgment. These values are generally determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize management s estimates of market participant assumptions. The fair value hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available. In instances where the inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the fair value measurement has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular item to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, including the consideration of inputs specific to the asset or liability. Fair value measurements are based on significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). Fixed asset fair values are primarily derived using a DCF analysis to estimate the present value of net cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. The key inputs to the DCF analysis generally include our forecasts of net cash generated from investment operations, as well as an appropriate discount rate. Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis relate primarily to our tangible fixed assets, goodwill and intangible assets, which are remeasured when the derived fair value is below carrying value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For these assets, we do not periodically adjust carrying value to fair value, except in the event of impairment. When we determine that impairment has occurred, the carrying value of the asset is reduced to fair value and the difference is typically recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses ( SG A ) or Restructuring charges on our Consolidated Statements of Earnings for non-restructuring and restructuring charges, respectively. In fiscal 2026, we recorded goodwill, intangible asset and tangible fixed asset impairments related to Best Buy Health, as well as asset impairments and other costs as a result of restructuring initiatives that commenced in fiscal 2026. Refer to Note 2, Restructuring , Note 3, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , and Note 4, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information. 54 Table of Contents Insurance We are self-insured for certain losses related to workers compensation, medical, general liability and auto claims; however, we obtain third-party excess insurance coverage to limit our exposure to certain claims. Some of these self-insured losses are managed through a wholly-owned insurance captive. Liabilities associated with these losses include estimates of both claims filed and losses incurred but not yet reported. We utilize valuations provided by qualified, independent third-party actuaries as well as internal resources with insurance and risk expertise. Our net self-insured liabilities included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows ($ in millions): January 31, 2026 February 1, 2025 Accrued compensation and related expenses $ 23 $ 23 Accrued liabilities 56 65 Long-term liabilities 82 69 Total $ 161 $ 157 Income Taxes We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. We record a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. In determining our provision for income taxes, we use an annual effective income tax rate based on annual income, permanent differences between book and tax income and statutory income tax rates. The effective income tax rate also reflects our assessment of the ultimate outcome of tax audits. We adjust our annual effective income tax rate as additional information on outcomes or events becomes available. Discrete events, such as audit settlements or changes in tax laws, are recognized in the period in which they occur. Our income tax returns are routinely examined by domestic and foreign tax authorities. At any one time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by the various taxing authorities. In evaluating the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions, we may record a liability for such exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which we have established a liability, is audited and fully resolved or clarified. We adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits and income tax provisions in the period in which an uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations expires for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position or when more information becomes available. We include our liability for unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued penalties and interest, in Long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and in Income tax expense on our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Refer to Note 10, Income Taxes , for additional information. Supply Chain Financing We have a supply chain financing program with an independent financial institution, whereby some of our suppliers have the opportunity to receive accounts payable settlements early, at a discount, facilitated by the financial institution. Under this program, the financial institution agrees to terms with our suppliers, including amounts that are eligible for early payment, the timing of such payments and the discounts. The financial institution then pays the supplier based on the payment terms agreed to. Suppliers participation in this program is at their own option. The financial institution can vary discounts offered at their own discretion. Our rights and obligations to our suppliers which are typically formalized in standardized agreements are not affected by the existence of the program. Our liability associated with the funded participation in the program, which is primarily included in Accounts payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, was as follows ($ in millions): 2026 2025 Supply chain financing liability at beginning of period $ 398 $ 426 Invoices confirmed during the year 4,614 4,048 Confirmed invoices paid during the year ( 4,412 ) ( 4,076 ) Supply chain financing liability at end of period $ 600 $ 398 Accrued Liabilities The major components of accrued liabilities are sales tax liabilities, advertising accruals, sales return reserves, insurance liabilities and customer deposits. 55 Table of Contents Long-Term Liabilities The major components of long-term liabilities are deferred revenue from our private label and co-branded credit card arrangement and unrecognized tax benefits. Foreign Currency Foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at our Consolidated Balance Sheet dates. Results of operations and cash flows are translated using the average exchange rates throughout the periods. The effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of assets and liabilities is included as a component of shareholders' equity in Accumulated other comprehensive income on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions, which are included in SG A on our Consolidated Statements of Earnings, have not been significant in any period presented. Revenue Recognition We generate most of our revenue from contracts with customers from the sale of products and services, both as a principal and as an agent. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. Our revenue excludes sales and usage-based taxes collected and is reported net of sales refunds, which includes an estimate of future returns and contr