=== CME_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. of this Report beginning on page 16 . 4 Table of Contents ITEM 1. BUSINESS CME Group enables clients to trade futures, options, cash and over-the-counter (OTC) products, optimize portfolios and analyze data - empowering market participants worldwide to efficiently manage risk and capture opportunities. CME Group provides primary price discovery and referential pricing information through its market data in a variety of formats, including real-time, historical and derived data for customers in both listed and cash products. CME Group also offers industry-leading research and analytics tools to provide customers with market education resources. In addition, it operates one of the world's leading central counterparty clearing providers. Our principal executive offices are located at 20 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606, our telephone number is 312-930-1000 and our website is cmegroup.com . The graphic below provides a brief overview of key events within CME Group's history: DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS CME Group exchanges offer the widest range of global benchmark products across interest rates, equity indexes, foreign exchange (FX), and agricultural, energy and metals commodities. We also offer cash and repo fixed income trading via BrokerTec, and spot and OTC FX trading via EBS. Additionally, we operate one of the world s leading central counterparty clearing providers. Derivatives Exchange Business: Our broad set of products offered on our derivatives exchanges (CME, CBOT, NYMEX and COMEX) are important risk management tools for our clients around the globe. We believe our customers value the diversity of our products, liquidity, price transparency and technological capabilities. Market liquidity - or the ability of a market to absorb the execution of large purchases or sales quickly and efficiently - is key to attracting and retaining customers and contributing to a market's success. Our products provide a means for hedging, speculation and asset allocation related to the risks associated with, among other things, interest rate sensitive instruments, equity ownership, cryptocurrency ownership, changes in the value of foreign currency and changes in the prices of agricultural, energy and metal commodities. The following highlights our key products: Interest Rates SOFR, U.S. Treasury and Federal Funds. Equity Indices E-mini S P 500, E-mini Nasdaq 100 and E-mini Russell 2000. 5 Table of Contents Foreign Exchange Euro, Japanese yen, British pound and Australian dollar. Agricultural Commodities corn, soybean, wheat and livestock. Energy WTI crude oil, natural gas and refined products. Metals gold, copper and silver. Cryptocurrencies Bitcoin, Ether, Solana and XRP. CME Group products are traded primarily through CME Globex, as well as by open outcry in Chicago for SOFR options and through privately negotiated transactions. We strive to provide the most flexible and scalable platforms to support the operational and capacity needs of our business along with the delivery of innovative technology solutions to the marketplace. Our CME Globex electronic trading system operates our central limit order book (CLOB) markets. The CME Globex platform is accessible through a wide variety of vendor-provided and custom-built trading systems that benefit from our open application programming interface approach. For electronic and privately negotiated markets, we offer brokers and customers the CME Direct platform for arranging, executing, recording and risk-managing trades across all six major asset classes. We also provide the functionality to connect to CME Direct on a mobile device through our CME Direct Mobile application with full trading and on-the-go order management capabilities. Together, our platforms offer: certainty and flexibility of execution; extensive capabilities to facilitate complex and demanding trading; direct market access; open access, price transparency and anonymity; convenience and efficiency; connectivity through highly secure, resilient and low-latency network options; access to market data; and global distribution, including connectivity through high-speed international telecommunications hubs in key financial centers. We maintain comprehensive business continuity and disaster recovery plans, as well as facilities designed to enable timely recovery and resumption of our markets in the event of a business disruption or disaster. We also maintain incident and crisis management plans that address responses to disruptive events. The customer base of our derivatives exchanges includes professional traders, financial institutions, institutional and individual investors, major corporations, manufacturers, producers, governments and central banks. Customers may be members of one or more of our exchanges. Rights to directly access our derivatives markets will depend upon the nature of the customer, such as whether the entity or individual is a member of one of our exchanges or has executed an agreement with us for direct access. U.S. trading rights and privileges are exchange-specific. Open outcry trading is conducted exclusively by our members. Membership on one of our derivatives exchanges also enables a customer to trade specific products at lower fees. Under the terms of the organizational documents of our exchanges, our members have certain rights that relate primarily to trading right protections, certain trading fee protections and certain membership benefit protections. In 2025 , 85% of our contract volume was from trades by our members. Derivatives Clearing Business: Through our derivatives clearing house, operated by CME, we provide clearing and settlement services for a broad range of exchange-traded futures and options on futures contracts, exchange-traded swaps and OTC derivatives. The CME ClearPort front-end system provides access to our flexible clearing services over multiple asset classes. Our integrated clearing function is designed to ensure the safety and the soundness of our derivatives markets by serving as the counterparty to every trade, becoming the buyer to each seller and the seller to each buyer, and limiting counterparty credit risk. The clearing house marks open positions to market at least twice each business day, requiring payments from clearing firms whose positions have lost value and making payments to clearing firms whose positions have gained value. For select cleared-only markets, positions are marked-to-market once each business day, with the capacity to mark-to-market more frequently as market conditions warrant. For physically-delivered exchange-traded derivatives contracts, if a clearing firm fails to fulfill a delivery obligation, the clearing house is responsible for covering the replacement cost to the clearing firm whose actions or omissions did not cause or contribute to the delivery failure. The clearing house has adopted processes to monitor for potential operational risks relating to the delivery of these physically-delivered contracts. 6 Table of Contents The majority of clearing and transaction fees received from clearing firms represents charges for trades executed and cleared on behalf of their customers. One firm represented 12% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue for 2025. In the event a clearing firm were to withdraw, our experience indicates that the customer portion of the firm's trading activity would likely transfer to one or more other clearing firms of the exchange. Securities Clearing Business: In December 2025, our subsidiary, CME Securities Clearing Inc. (CMESC) received approval from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to become a securities clearing agency. The goal is for CMESC to help market participants comply with the upcoming SEC clearing requirements for U.S. Treasury transactions (as of December 31, 2026) and repo transactions (as of June 30, 2027). We expect to launch this service later in 2026 and position the company to offer additional capital and operational efficiencies to its clients. Cash Markets Business: Our cash markets business comprises BrokerTec and EBS, primarily operated on CME Globex. BrokerTec and EBS offer anonymous and disclosed trading venues, offering clients multiple execution and distribution options and the benefit of an established and far-reaching distribution network of liquidity providers and consumers. BrokerTec and EBS are fully integrated with all major ISVs for order entry and staging as well as post trade for clearing and settlement, offering an efficient and fully electronic end-to-end trade workflow solution. Certain BrokerTec products are cleared through third-party clearing houses. BrokerTec operates global electronic trading for fixed income and money market products, with a leading position in cash U.S. Treasuries, European Government Bonds, and Repo on European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK), U.S. and other international G10 governments, emerging market fixed income instruments and Supranational and Agency Bonds. It facilitates trading for banks and non-bank professional trading firms, offering a dealer-to-dealer electronic trading platform operated on CME Globex. In 2025, we launched BrokerTec Chicago, a second CLOB for cash U.S. Treasuries co-located with our U.S. Treasury futures and options markets, to support trading between cash and derivatives markets. We also offer request-for-quote trading via BrokerTec Quote offering a dealer-to-client trading solution for the global government bond repo (including Emerging Markets) and credit repo markets. BrokerTec Quote also offers securities lending in European debt. EBS provides for the trading of global FX products across major and emerging market currencies and Spot Precious Metals. EBS Market is a CLOB electronic trading platform for spot FX, Spot Precious Metals and non-deliverable forwards. EBS Direct is a relationship-based trading platform offering Spot FX and Spot Precious Metals. In 2025, we launched FX Spot+, a trading platform that connects the over-the-counter (OTC) spot FX market with the deep liquidity of our FX futures complex. Data Services Business: We offer a variety of data products and services through industry-leading data platforms and third-party distribution partners, which are designed to meet the risk-management, trading, investment and business needs of our global customer base. To this end, we provide proprietary real-time and historical market data related to CME Group's deeply liquid futures and options on futures exchanges and cash markets businesses. We further offer derived cash markets pricing, third-party and alternative data sets, as well as a wide range of analytic tools. As customers continue to leverage cloud technology to improve and evolve their businesses, CME Group has taken a leading role by becoming the first derivatives marketplace to provide live market data natively on the Google Cloud. CME Group is also the distributor of leading benchmark equity and commodity indices on behalf of third parties, as well as a distributor and licensor of our own proprietary benchmarks and indices, including CME Term SOFR Reference Rates (CME Term SOFR) and Term STR Reference Rates, which adhere to the International Organization of Securities Commissions Principles for Financial Benchmarks and are administered by our UK regulated subsidiary, CME Benchmark Administration Limited (CME Benchmark). Our Strategic Initiatives The following is a description of our strategic initiatives: Maximize Futures and Options Growth Globally Our strategy for driving growth and new customer acquisition centers on expanding, innovating and scaling our core offerings and increasing participation from customers. To achieve this, we focus on several key areas: optimizing our global sales team, cross-selling select products, launching new products and services while strengthening our existing product and service offerings, securing intellectual property rights to new products, enhancing our relationships and broadening our base of distribution partners, improving our data distribution capabilities, and deepening open interest in our core futures and options offerings. In 2025, CME Group futures and options had record average daily volume (ADV) of 28.1 million contracts. This included a third consecutive year of volume records in our interest rates asset class, as well as volume records for our agricultural, energy and metals products. In 2025, we experienced significant year-over-year ADV growth in recently launched products, including 32% growth in micro products and 11% growth in OTC alternative products, with more new products in the pipeline for 2026. Our product growth strategy is centered on the following key elements. We list products at the micro size across all six major derivatives asset classes. These products are designed to attract a new customer base. 7 Table of Contents Our options franchise continues to experience rapid volume growth, with new product launches gaining positive traction. We have expanded into Credit, Treasury bills and TBA (To-Be-Announced) Mortgage futures building on our strong foundation in U.S. Treasuries and SOFR. We have expanded trading to 24 hours a day, seven days a week for certain event contracts. We will begin offering 24/7 trading for our entire crypto suite in Q2 2026 to enable our customers to hedge exposure to the underlying cash markets for these products throughout the weekend . We are establishing a leadership position in and supporting the needs of our clients in the energy transition/environmental markets by expanding into bioenergy, water, battery metals and carbon products. Our introduction of more granular futures and options on futures contracts, such as those focused on specific seasons, events, weekly, or daily periods, is enabling our clients to execute more precise hedging strategies and generates additional spreading opportunities in conjunction with our current product offerings. Our OTC alternative product suite brings traditional OTC functionality to CME Group market participants and assists with the growing need for operational and capital efficiencies. We are also focused on both expanding and deepening our global customer base by: Offering our broad and diversified portfolio of benchmark products worldwide. Our significant investment in the expansion of our sales organization has resulted in a presence in over 10 countries, including our most recent expansion into the Middle East with the opening of a Dubai office. Moreover, we are committed to providing products that are regionally relevant. We continue to target cross-asset opportunities across client segments and across cash and futures platforms in an effort to drive sales and generate new client participation across all regions. In 2025 , approximately 31% of our electronic futures and options volume was from transactions reported as outside the U.S. and approximately 53% of our market data revenue was derived from outside the U.S. We also achieved 6% growth in trading volume during European trading hours and 13% growth during Asia Pacific trading hours in 2025 compared to 2024. We continue to add new channel partners to help us expand the reach of CME Group offerings. We have a broad distribution network around the globe comprised of a combination of internal and external channels and proprietary front-end capabilities. Enhancing our retail strategy focusing on the growth of top-tier and large new-to-futures brokers and broadening our contract offerings to better align with the investment strategies favored by retail traders. Our joint venture with FanDuel, a part of Flutter Entertainment plc, launched in December 2025. This partnership introduced a new prediction markets application designed for retail customers. The application offers access to our simplified event contracts covering both major financial and economic benchmarks and sporting events. Introducing new services and tools to assist our clients in managing their risks. We have a history of providing customer value and responsiveness and believe our products and services position us to help our customers adapt to and comply with new regulations, while enabling them to efficiently manage their risks. For example, in 2025, we launched CME FX Spot+ and BrokerTec Chicago. Diversify our Business and Revenue - In addition to our focus for growing and strengthening our core futures and options franchise, we also strive to diversify our business and revenues. Through the acquisition of NEX, we added our cash markets business (BrokerTec and EBS), which generated $283.7 million of clearing and transaction fees in 2025. CME Group is well-positioned to capitalize on its ability to license CME Term SOFR, administered by CME Benchmark. CME Term SOFR is the only SOFR rate endorsed by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee and the Federal Reserve Board has formally endorsed the forward-looking term rates based on SOFR . Through our joint venture with S P Global, S P Dow Jones Indices LLC, we have a long-term, ownership-linked, exclusive license to list futures and options based on the S P 500 Index and certain other S P indices. S P Dow Jones Indices LLC combines the world class capabilities of the S P and Dow Jones Indices and is a significant player in passive investing, including the exchange-traded fund (ETF) industry value chain and offers leading fixed income and credit indices, such as iBoxx, iTraxx and CDX. We act as the joint venture's licensing agent and distribution services provider. Deliver Unparalleled Customer Efficiencies and Operational Excellence - With changing regulatory requirements for many of our customers, including additional margin requirements on uncleared trades, and the need for greater efficiencies, we have added tools to enable customers to manage clearing positions in our markets in an efficient manner. With the ongoing 8 Table of Contents implementation of regulatory reform in the U.S. and in Europe, along with global implementation of Basel III capital requirements on financial institutions, we expect centralized clearing and capital efficiencies to continue to be important for our global client base. We provide a comprehensive multi-asset-class clearing solution to market participants for maximum operational ease and the capital efficiency that comes with connecting to our derivatives clearing house. Our clearing services offer the ability to optimize collateral and capital efficiencies across portfolios within the clearing house while meeting the heightened regulatory requirements on derivatives. The majority of our clearing volumes and activities are related to our listed futures and options, which represent the majority of our open interest and collateral held against these positions. We also offer clearing services for event contracts, OTC interest rate swaps, FX forwards and commodity swaps. In 2023, we launched our SPAN 2 methodology and functionality, an enhancement to our original Standard Portfolio Analysis of Risk (SPAN) margin framework which has been the industry standard for margining. SPAN 2 is designed to respond to increasing demands on margin methodologies due to the growth in the diversity and complexity of products and the greater need for portfolio and capital efficiencies. Like its predecessor, SPAN 2 uses a value-at-risk approach, leveraging historical data to model potential value changes (gains or losses) for a position or portfolio across various risk scenarios. As of the end of 2025, the SPAN 2 framework has been implemented for our energy and equity products, with plans to transition interest rates, FX, agriculture and commodities. During the transition, customers can continue to use the SPAN margining system, which supports both the current and enhanced methodologies inside the system. The clearing house offers a range of margin services tools to enable customers to analyze their portfolios and determine the potential impact of the SPAN 2 framework on their margin requirements. Our commitment to providing customers with valuable opportunities for operational and capital efficiencies has resulted in significant market savings estimated at billions of dollars daily. In 2025, the average daily margin saving was ap proximately $72 bill ion. Applied Offsets: Applying offsets across correlated futures and options on futures contracts across all asset classes traded at CME Group. Portfolio Margining: Offering margin offsets between futures and options on futures and cleared OTC instruments with common risk factors. Cross-Margining Programs: These programs provide portfolio margin efficiencies and reduce performance bond requirements by offsetting positions between two clearing houses. We have established arrangements with the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (FICC) and the Options Clearing Corporation (OCC). We have enhanced our arrangement with FICC through the partnership with The Depository Trust Clearing Corporation (DTCC) to offer enhanced capital efficiencies to our eligible clearing firms. Eligible clearing firms of CME and the Government Securities Division of DTCC's FICC can now cross-margin an expanded suite of products, including CME Group SOFR futures, Ultra 10-Year U.S. Treasury Note futures and Ultra U.S. Treasury Bond futures, with FICC-cleared U.S. Treasury notes and bonds and certain repo transactions. We are working with FICC to receive regulatory approval to extend the existing cross-margining arrangement to end-user clients of eligible clearing firms. We plan to establish a future cross-margining arrangement between CMESC and our derivatives clearing house, operated by CME, with the intention of providing offsets between cleared cash U.S. Treasuries and repo transactions and our interest rate derivatives products. We also provide compression via coupon blending as well as CME CORE (Clearing Online Risk Engine), an interactive margin calculator that enables clients to optimize their capital by providing insights on margin requirements prior to trading. Partnership with Google Cloud - In 2021, we entered into a 10-year strategic partnership with Google Cloud to accelerate our move to the cloud. This initiative is expected to transform derivatives markets by expanding access and creating efficiencies for market participants. Significant progress was achieved during 2025 in moving our core, non-latency sensitive applications, including those supporting clearing and market data, to the Google Cloud. We anticipate completing the migration of the applications supporting clearing by the end of the first quarter of 2026, followed by the decommissioning of the legacy on-premises applications. Operating our applications from the Google Cloud allows for a more efficient process to commercialize and launch new products and services. We have also advanced the preparations to move our markets to Google Cloud. Google Cloud is developing a new private cloud region and a co-location facility in Aurora, Illinois. This facility will host Google Cloud's platform designed to support the global trading of CME Group's futures and options markets in the cloud with next-generation cloud technology, ultra-low-latency networking and high-performance computing. In addition to our state-of-the-art trading infrastructure, our clients will also be able to utilize Google s artificial intelligence and data capabilities to help develop, test and implement trading strategies to manage their risk more efficiently. 9 Table of Contents Patents, Trademarks and Licenses We own the rights to a large number of trademarks, service marks, domain names and trade names in the U.S., Europe and other parts of the world. We have registered many of our most important trademarks in the U.S. and other countries. We hold the rights to a number of patents and have a number of patent applications pending. Our patents cover match engine, trader user interface, trading floor support, market data, general technology and clearing house functionalities. We also own copyrights to a variety of materials. Those copyrights, some of which are registered, include printed and online publications, websites, advertisements, educational materials, graphic presentations and other literature, both textual and electronic. We protect our intellectual property rights by relying on trademarks, patents, copyrights, database rights, trade secrets, restrictions on disclosure and other methods. We offer equity index futures and options on key benchmarks, including S P, Nasdaq, Dow Jones, FTSE Russell and fixed income index futures. These products are listed by us subject to license agreements with the applicable owners of the indexes, some of which are exclusive. In connection with S P Dow Jones Indices, we have a license agreement (S P License Agreement) for certain S P stock indices and related trade names, trademarks and service marks in connection with the creation, marketing, trading, clearing and promoting of futures contracts and/or options on futures contracts that are indexed to certain S P stock indices. Our license for the S P 500 Index will be exclusive for futures and options until one year prior to the termination of the S P License Agreement, and non-exclusive for the last year. The license for the other S P stock indices is generally exclusive for futures and options. The term of the S P License Agreement will continue until the date that is one year after the date that CME Group ceases to own at least 5% (accounting for dilution) of the outstanding interests in S P Dow Jones Indices. Upon the occurrence of certain events, including certain terminations of the joint venture, the term may be extended up to an additional ten years. In connection with S P Dow Jones Indices, we also have an exclusive license agreement (Dow Jones License Agreement) for certain Dow Jones indices. The initial term of the agreement is through June 30, 2026. Following the initial term, the Dow Jones License Agreement will automatically renew for renewal terms of five years thereafter, so long as there is open interest in any of CBOT s or its affiliates products based on one or more of the Dow Jones licensed indices. In the event there is no open interest in any such products, then we may terminate the agreement. We also have exclusive license agreements for certain Nasdaq indices through 2039 and for certain Russell indices through 2037. We pay the applicable third-party a revenue share under the terms of these licensing agreements. A copy of the S P License Agreement has been filed as a material contract. Additionally, CME Group is the distributor of CME Term SOFR, a daily set of forward-looking interest rate estimates, calculated and published for 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month tenors and administered by CME Benchmark. We cannot guarantee we will be able to maintain the exclusivity of our licensing agreements with S P, Dow Jones, Nasdaq and FTSE Russell or that any renewal will be on terms as favorable to us. In addition, we cannot guarantee that others will not succeed in creating stock index futures based on information similar to that which we own or have obtained by license, or that market participants will not increasingly use other instruments, including securities and options based on the S P, Dow Jones, Nasdaq or FTSE Russell indices, to manage or speculate on U.S. stock risks or that clients select another interest rate alternative. Parties also may succeed in offering indexed products that are similar to our licensed products without being required to obtain a license, or in countries that are beyond our and/or our licensors' jurisdictional reach. Competition The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and has seen multiple new entrants over time, and we expect competition to continue to intensify and become more global, especially in light of changes in the financial services industry driven by regulatory reforms such as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank), European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR), EMIR 3.0, Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (MiFID II), Capital Requirements Directive IV, Market Abuse Regulation, Benchmarks Regulation, Basel III and various other laws and regulations. Please also refer to the discussion below and in " Item 1A - Risk Factors" beginning o n page 16 f or a description of competitive risks and uncertainties. Competition in our Derivatives Exchange Business We believe competition in the derivatives business is based on a number of factors, including, among others: brand and reputation; efficient and secure clearing, settlement and support services; depth and liquidity of markets; capital and margin efficiencies; diversity of product offerings and frequency and quality of new product development and innovative services; 10 Table of Contents ability to position and expand upon existing products to address changing market needs; efficient and seamless customer experience; transparency, reliability, anonymity and security in transaction processing; regulatory environment; connectivity, accessibility, flexibility in execution methods and distribution; technological capability and innovation; and overall transaction costs. We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors. Our deep, liquid markets; diverse and complementary product offerings; frequency and quality of new product development; and efficient, secure clearing, settlement and support services, distinguish us from others in the industry. We believe that in order to maintain our competitive position, we must continue to expand globally; develop and offer new and innovative products; enhance our technology infrastructure, including its reliability, functionality and security; maintain liquidity and low transaction costs; continue to strengthen our risk management capabilities and solutions; and implement customer protections designed to ensure the integrity of our market and the confidence of our customers. We compete in a large and expanding financial services trading, clearing and settlement marketplace globally. Our competitors include, among other entities, exchanges such as Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (ICE), Cboe Global Markets (Cboe), Euronext N.V., the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (HKEX), and Deutsche B rse AG. We also face competition from new entrants into the marketplace, including newly launched FMX Futures Exchange, as well as digital asset platforms and emerging prediction markets. Competition also includes alternative means of developing exposures through alternative instruments (depending on market factors) such as cash, OTC, ETFs, options, warrants, contracts for differences, structured products and other offerings and incorporates large customer and channel internalization of trade flows and data. New emerging competitors have targeted different segments of our industry, with multiple execution models and products, and emerging technologies will continue to offer additional alternative products in the future. Competition in our industry continues to be dynamic, and recent developments and alliances may result in a growing number of well-capitalized trading service providers that compete with all or a portion of our business. Competition in our Derivatives Clearing Business In recent years there has been increased competition in the provision of clearing services for derivatives, and we expect competition to continue to increase in connection with compliance with Dodd-Frank, EMIR 3.0, Basel III, MiFID II and other various laws and regulations. Our competitors in the derivatives clearing services space include, among others, companies such as ICE, LCH Group, OCC, Cboe Clear, DTCC, HKEX, Japan Securities Clearing Corporation, LME Clear and Eurex Clearing. Several new derivatives clearing operators have gained approval in the U.S. in the last decade. In light of the implementation of new regulatory requirements and other financial services reforms, we believe other exchanges and infrastructure providers also may undertake to provide clearing and other related post-trade services in the U.S. as CFTC-regulated clearing organizations. We believe competition in derivatives clearing services is based on, among other things, the value of providing customers with capital and margin efficiencies; quality and reliability of the services; creditworthiness of the clearing house; regulatory costs; timely delivery of the services; reputation; diversity of the service offerings; confidentiality of positions and information security protective measures; and the fees charged for the services provided. Competition in our Securities Clearing Business We plan to launch our securities clearing business later in 2026 beginning with cash U.S. Treasury and repo transactions. FICC, a subsidiary of DTCC, is the primary player in the U.S. Treasury clearing market with new entrants, including ICE Clear Credit s Treasury Clearing Service. We believe competition in securities clearing will be based upon principles similar to the derivatives clearing business. Competition in our Cash Markets Business The cash markets businesses face substantial competition across a wide array and growing number of venues. In FX, the marketplace is highly fragmented, and there is competition from other electronic communication networks, single-dealer platforms, bank-owned multi-participant platforms, streaming and request for quote services, trading venues tied to data platforms, voice brokers, other broker enabled platforms and other venues. There is a growing array of platforms and technologies, often owned by well-capitalized financial institutions and intermediaries that are also driving internalization of client FX trade flows. There is also increasing competition from foreign government entities providing financial inducements to establish new FX trading venues in their countries. 11 Table of Contents In the fixed income space, there are also multiple providers of U.S. Treasury, European and U.S. repo, and European bond trading, as well as other products such as corporate bonds, municipal bonds, mortgage-backed bonds and agencies, and a multitude of competitors and new entrants offering single-dealer liquidity, bank-owned multi-participant platforms, streaming and request for quote services, and other broker-and exchange-enabled platforms. Internalization is a growing part of the fixed income marketplace as well. We also face competition from parties able to offer both on-the-run and off-the-run marketplaces. A key strategy of several of these alternative and emerging venues is to compete on price, offering their services at significantly lower rates than the established EBS and BrokerTec platforms. This strategy aims to draw customers away from our markets, thereby shifting market share. Competition in our Data Services Business Technology companies, market data and information vendors and front-end software vendors also represent actual and potential competitors because they have their own substantial market data calculation and distribution capabilities that could serve as alternative means for receiving open market data feeds instead of connecting directly to our exchanges. Multiple other industry participants offer both referential and indicative pricing alternatives to our offerings, which are widely distributed and available across a variety of media. Distributors and consumers of our market data also may use our market data as an input into products that compete against our traded or cleared products. Although we may receive license fees for such products, such fees may not offset the impact of any loss in revenue from our comparable product. Regulatory Matters Our businesses are regulated and serve a customer base that includes regulated market participants, and as such, we are subject to extensive regulation, primarily in the U.S., UK and EU. Developments in the regulatory environment therefore have the potential to significantly affect our businesses. Please also refer to the discussion below and in "Item 1A - Risk Factors" beginning on page 16 for a description of regulatory and legislative risks and uncertainties. Regulation of our Derivatives Business, Derivatives Clearing Business, and Swap Data Repositories The operation of our U.S. futures exchanges and our derivatives clearing business are subject to extensive regulation by the CFTC that requires our regulated subsidiaries to satisfy the requirements of certain core principles relating to the operation and oversight of our markets and our clearing house. The CFTC carries out the regulation of the futures and swaps markets and clearing houses in accordance with the provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (CEA) as amended by, among others, the Commodity Futures Modernization Act and Dodd-Frank. Regulations implementing Dodd-Frank include rules relating to the implementation of mandatory clearing of certain OTC derivatives, swap reporting, operation of a clearing house, anti-manipulation, large trader reporting, product definitions, the definition of an agricultural commodity and certain provisions of the rules applicable to designated contract markets, swap execution facilities and swap data repositories. CME has been designated as a systemically important financial market utility and a systemically important derivatives clearing organization. These designations carry with them additional regulatory oversight of certain of our risk-management standards and clearing and settlement activities by the CFTC and the Federal Reserve Board. In connection with the global offering of our products and clearing services, this business is also subject to the rules and regulations of the local jurisdictions in which we conduct business, including the European Securities and Markets Authority, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and Bank of England, the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) and the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority in Germany, among others. FanDuel Prediction Markets LLC, which is part of our joint venture with FanDuel, is a registered FCM. As an FCM, it is subject to the CEA and the related CFTC regulations and the applicable rules and provisions of the National Futures Association. It is also subject to our applicable exchange rulebooks. Regulation of our Cash Markets Business The operation of BrokerTec subjects us to regulation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the SEC as a broker-dealer and alternative trading system operator. BrokerTec is also subject to regulation in the UK by the FCA, as a multilateral trading facility (MTF), in the EU by the AFM, as a regulated market and by the applicable regulators in Singapore and Canada. Our EBS business holds various permissions, approvals and exemptions globally, including those that subject certain of its activities to FCA, AFM, Monetary Authority of Singapore, Australian Securities and Investments Commission, Hong Kong Monetary Authority and Canadian oversight. The settlement of matched principal and exchange-traded businesses requires access to clearing houses either directly or through third-party providers of clearing and settlement services. BrokerTec Americas is a member of the FICC, through which 12 Table of Contents it clears U.S. Treasury and repo products. Our BrokerTec business operated in the EU also connects to LCH Limited, LCH SA, BME Meff Clear and Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia, which act as central clearing participants in the European and UK gilt repo markets. Regulation of our Securities Clearing Business Our operation of CMESC subjects us to regulation by the SEC as a securities clearing agency under the Securities Exchange Act and its related rules and regulations. Regulation of our Data Services Business Our subsidiary, CME Benchmark, is a registered benchmark administrator, authorized and supervised by the FCA under the UK Benchmark Regulations. CME Benchmark administers a variety of different multi-asset class data products, including CME Term SOFR. Key Areas of Focus We actively monitor and participate in the domestic and international legislative and rulemaking processes for our industry, including providing government testimony, commenting on proposed legislation and rulemaking, and engaging with our regulators and policymakers on potential impacts to the marketplace. We are also focused on impacts from the new U.S. administration and its federal regulatory appointees and any anticipated changes that may result. Our key areas of focus in the regulatory environment are: The approach to digital assets regulation and market structure legislation, which may affect our existing offerings or our ability to provide future offerings. The outcome of both litigation and regulatory consideration of issues relating to prediction markets, which could impact our existing and future offerings through our joint venture with FanDuel. The implementation of rules resulting in negative treatment of the liquidity profile of U.S. Treasury securities, including as qualifying liquidity resources, or any potential limitation on the use of U.S. Treasury securities as collateral could result in increased costs to us and our clearing firms. The implementation of the SEC's mandate for central clearing of U.S. Treasury securities and potential impacts to the industry. We plan to launch clearing services under CMESC later in 2026 to help market participants comply with the mandate for U.S. Treasury transactions (as of December 31, 2026) and repo transactions (as of June 30, 2027). Basel III Endgame rules. In July 2023, the Federal Reserve Board, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency jointly proposed changes to the regulatory capital framework for global systemically important banks, to implement international capital standards issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, which the Fed Vice Chair said will not be implemented as originally proposed. Thus, CME Group s focus is more broadly on monitoring any new developments and implementations of the framework. The U.S. prudential regulators have proposed rules to implement the final aspects of the Basel III framework that would standardize further aspects of the capital framework, as well as more broadly apply the capital framework to banks with assets greater than $100 billion. Additionally, other areas of the U.S. bank capital framework have come into focus as potential changes to the global systemically important bank capital surcharge calculation worksheet have been introduced, which could increase capital requirements. Financial Stability Board (FSB) consultation proposing that central counterparties (CCPs) maintain separate, dedicated resources and tools for resolution. While the FSB cannot dictate the implementation of its standards, including in the U.S., it has historically exerted pressure on local jurisdictions to adopt its proposals. While the CFTC has not indicated any intention to support such a proposal, if it were supported in the U.S., this proposal could negatively impact cleared markets by increasing costs, reducing participation, and disincentivizing default management participation. The FSB consultation also supports early intervention by resolution authorities which could preempt CCP recovery efforts and the role of the CFTC. The potential for regulatory or policy actions that could result in changes to market structure for the clearing of derivative transactions, which may impact our business model or the competitive landscape of the industry. The implementation of a transaction tax or user fee in the U.S., UK or EU, or in the States of Illinois or New Jersey, which could discourage institutions and individuals from using our markets or products or encourage them to trade in another less costly jurisdiction. Legislation to impose a financial transaction tax has been proposed previously in the U.S. Congress, Illinois General Assembly (including a recent such proposal) and the State of New Jersey Legislature. Additionally, from time to time, the proposed U.S. presidential budget request has included a proposal to impose a user fee to fund all or a portion of the budget of the CFTC. Legislation would be necessary to impose such a fee. Federal legislation has previously been proposed by Congress that would impose a user fee on digital asset spot markets to 13 Table of Contents fund CFTC regulation of those assets. Such a user fee, if adopted, could potentially be expanded to apply more broadly to the futures and options markets. Legislation that proposes to eliminate the 60/40 tax treatment of certain of our futures and options contracts, which would result in 60% of the gains being taxed at the short-term capital gain rate instead of the long-term capital gain rate. This would impose a significant increase in tax rates applicable to certain market participants and could result in a decrease in their trading activity. Please also see "Item 1A - Risk Factors" beginning on page 16 for additional information on our areas of regulatory risks. Human Capital Management We rely on a highly skilled and experienced global workfor ce to meet our business objectives. As of December 31, 2025, our global employee population consisted of approximate ly 3,875 employees, with 58% (approximately 2,230) working in the U.S. and the remaining 42% (approximately 1,645) working in our various non-U.S. locations (Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, Singapore, South Korea, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates and the UK). We provide our workforce with a compelling employee experience that allows us to attract and retain industry-leading talent. We are continually seeking new ways to challenge, develop and support our employees. Select highlights of our employee experience include the following: We offer a wide range of benefits designed to support our employees health and well-being, retirement needs and work/life balance. Our competitive compensation programs align employee rewards with shareholder interests and emphasize our pay-for-performance philosophy. We provide a variety of avenues for employees to grow their expertise, including tuition assistance for continuing education, onsite and virtual-led professional development training courses, access to external seminars and technical skills training and thousands of online educational courses. We also offer an integrated series of customized leadership development programs to prepare employees for each stage of their careers. We regularly conduct employee engagement surveys to better understand employee perspectives and improve our processes and offerings. Our 2025 engagement survey had a 74% participation rate and an overall engagement score of 82%, indicating employees feel very positively about a number of factors, including learning, collaboration, the future of the company and recognition.We also monitor human capital metrics, such as voluntary turnover, internal placement for open roles and promotions, to understand where further workforce investments may be necessary. During 2025 , our performance against these metrics was: 4.1% voluntary turnover 35.9% of open roles filled with internal candidates 14.5% of employees promoted Our Chief Human Resources Officer provides our senior management and Board with regular updates related to our employee experienc e. Information about our Executive Officers The following are CME Group's executive officers. Ages are as of February 11, 2026. Terrence A. Duffy, 67. Mr. Duffy has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 2016. Mr. Duffy previously served as our Executive Chairman and President since 2012 and as Executive Chairman from 2006. Mr. Duffy has been a member of our board of directors since 1995. He also served as President of TDA Trading, Inc. from 1981 to 2002 and has been a member of our CME exchange since 1981. Sunil Cutinho, 54. Mr. Cutinho has served as our Chief Information Officer since February 2022 and previously served as President of our clearing house since 2014. He joined CME Group in 2002 and since then has held various positions of increasing responsibility within the organization, including as Managing Director, Deputy Head of CME Clearing from April 2014 through September 2014. Michael Dennis, 45. Mr. Dennis has served as Senior Managing Director, Global Head of Fixed Income since August 2024 and in his role is responsible for leading our SOFR and U.S. Treasuries business and BrokerTec. Prior to joining CME Group, Mr. Dennis served as the Chief Commercial Officer for ABN AMRO Clearing USA LLC, one of CME Group s largest global futures clearing firms. Mr. Dennis previously served on the CME Group Board of Directors from May 2020 to July 2024. 14 Table of Contents Lynne Fitzpatrick, 47. Ms. Fitzpatrick has served as our President Chief Financial Officer since November 2024, when her role expanded to oversee human resources and transformation and execution, as well as her prior responsibilities for overseeing the company's finance functions. She previously served as Chief Financial Officer since April 2023, Deputy Chief Financial Officer since 2022 and Managing Director of Corporate Development and Treasurer of CME Group since 2017. Since joining the company in 2006, Ms. Fitzpatrick has held a variety of positions with increasing levels of responsibility within the organization. Prior to CME Group she worked as an investment banker at Credit Suisse and UBS. Ms. Fitzpatrick also serves as a director of S P Dow Jones Indices LLC. Jonathan Marcus, 57. Mr. Marcus has served as our Senior Managing Director and General Counsel since October 2022. Prior to joining CME Group, Mr. Marcus most recently worked in private practice as a partner at Reed Smith LLP, where he specialized in derivatives regulation, litigation and enforcement. He previously served as General Counsel of the CFTC from 2013 to 2017. Mr. Marcus also served as the CFTC's Deputy General Counsel for Litigation and as an Assistant to the Solicitor General of the United States. His career also includes senior roles at other nationally recognized law firms and he began his career as a clerk for Judge Jose Cabranes of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Tim McCourt, 47. Mr. McCourt has served as Senior Managing Director, Global Head of Equities, FX and Alternative Products since August 2024. He previously served as Global Head of Financial and OTC Products since June 2023. Before that he was the global head of Equity and FX Products. He is responsible for leading the development and execution of the company s global equity index, foreign exchange, cryptocurrency and alternative investment product strategies. He also serves on the S P Dow Jones Indices U.S. Advisory Panel. Before joining CME Group in 2013 as Global Head of Equity Products, Mr. McCourt worked for the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), where he was responsible for building and managing the Americas Index and Delta One trading book. Prior to RBS, he held a senior trading role with JPMorgan in New York, spending 10 years with the Equity Derivatives Group. Hilda Harris Piell, 58. Ms. Piell has served as our Chief Human Resources Officer since 2007. A practicing attorney for fifteen years, Ms. Piell previously held positions of increasing responsibility in our Legal Market Regulation division, most recently as Managing Director and Senior Associate General Counsel. Prior to joining CME Group in 2000, Ms. Piell served as Associate Commercial Counsel at MCI Telecommunications (1996-2000) and Associate Litigation Attorney at Jenner Block (1992-1996). Her career also includes service as a clerk for a judge of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Derek Sammann, 57. Mr. Sammann has served as our Senior Managing Director, Global Head of Commodities Markets since November 2021 and previously served as our Senior Managing Director, Commodities and Options Products since 2014. He previously served as our Senior Managing Director, Financial Products and Services since 2009 and Global Head of Foreign Exchange Products since joining us in 2006. Prior to joining us, Mr. Sammann served as Managing Director, Global Head of FX Options and Structured Products at Calyon Corporate and Investment Bank in London from 1997 to 2006. Mr. Sammann serves as a member of the board of the following entities: the Gulf Mercantile Exchange, the COMEX Board of Governors and the Commodities Markets Council, where he also serves as Treasurer. He also serves on the Shanghai Gold Exchange s International Advisory Board, the CFTC's Agricultural Energy and Environmental Markets Advisory Committees, and the Security Traders Association s Listed Options Committee. Suzanne Sprague, 45. Ms. Sprague has served as our Chief Operating Officer and Global Head of Clearing since November 2024. She previously served as Senior Managing Director Global Head of Clearing and Post-Trade Services for CME Group since February 2022. She joined the company in 2002 and has held numerous roles and leadership positions in financial management and risk management since that time. During her tenure, she has played a key role in the company s development of risk management policy. From 2015 to 2022, she served as Managing Director, Credit Liquidity Risk, Risk Policy Banking, overseeing our clearing house's exposure to counterparty credit risk, liquidity risk management and financial performance, acceptable collateral and collateral services, risk management policies and procedures, financial operations, and banking. Jack Tobin, 62. Mr. Tobin has served as Managing Director and Chief Accounting Officer since 2015. Mr. Tobin most recently served as our Managing Director, Corporate Finance since 2007. Prior to our merger with CBOT Holdings, Mr. Tobin served as the Director, Corporate Finance for CBOT Holdings and CBOT from 2002 to 2007. Prior to joining CBOT, Mr. Tobin served as a principal consultant with PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1997 to 2002. Mr. Tobin is a registered certified public accountant. Kendal Vroman, 54. Mr. Vroman has served as our Chief Transformation Officer since November 2021. He previously served as Senior Managing Director, International and Optimization Services since February 2020 and as our Senior Managing Director, Cash Markets and Optimization Service since 2018. Since joining the company in 2001, he has held a variety of senior leadership roles, including Managing Director, Planning and Execution; Global Head, Commodity Products and OTC Solutions, and Managing Director and Chief Corporate Development Officer. Julie Winkler, 51. Ms. Winkler has served as our Chief Commercial Officer since 2016. She leads the company s sales, product marketing, research and product development, and innovation lab functions. She also oversees the international, retail, and data 15 Table of Contents and analytics services business lines. She previously served as Senior Managing Director, Research and Product Development and Index Services of CME Group since 2014 and as Managing Director, Research and Product Development since 2007. Prior to our merger with CBOT Holdings, Ms. Winkler held positions of increasing responsibility for CBOT Holdings since 1996. Ms. Winkler also serves as a director of S P Dow Jones Indices LLC. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our website is www.cmegroup.com. Information made available on our website does not constitute part of this document. We make available on our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials to the SEC. Our corporate governance materials may also be found on our website. The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains proxy and information statements and other reports that we file or furnish with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of these materials also are available to shareholders free of charge upon request to Shareholder Relations, officeofthesecretary@cmegroup.com. Information regarding our sustainability practices is available at the following: https://www.cmegroup.com/company/corporate-citizenship/esg.html, including our 2025 report when issued. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below, which are the risks we believe are material at this time. If any of these risks actually occur or continue to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. RISKS RELATING TO OUR INDUSTRY Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. Our revenue is substantially derived from fees for transactions executed and cleared in our markets. The trading volumes in our markets are directly affected by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including: economic, political and geopolitical market conditions, including the instability caused by trade policies and wars; legislative and regulatory changes, including any direct or indirect restrictions on or increased costs associated with trading in our markets or our clearing services; broad trends in the industry and financial markets; changes in price levels, trading volumes and volatility in the derivatives, cash and OTC markets and in their underlying markets; shifts in demand or supply in commodities underlying our products; competition; changes in government monetary policies and the U.S. Federal Reserve and other international banks' forecasted interest rates; availability of capital to our market participants and their appetite for risk-taking; levels of assets under our customers' management; volatile weather patterns, droughts, natural disasters and other catastrophes; pandemics affecting our customer base or our ability to operate our markets; and consolidation or expansion in our customer base and within our industry. Any one or more of these factors may contribute to reduced activity in our markets. Historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with, or speculate on, volatility. However, in the period after a material market disturbance, there may persist extreme uncertainties, which may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure, fluctuating interest rates, central bank asset purchase programs and lack of available capital. The shifts in market trading patterns we experienced as a result of the financial crisis of 2008 may or may not recur in the future, and our business will be affected by future economic uncertainties, which may result in decreased trading volume and a more challenging business environment for us. A reduction in overall trading volume or in certain products could render our markets less attractive to market participants as a source of liquidity, which could result in further loss of trading volume and associated transaction-based revenue. Material decreases in trading volume would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Please see "Item 1A - Risk Factors - Risks Relating To Our Business" beginning on page 20 for additional information. 16 Table of Contents We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and our failure to maintain compliance with regulations, our status as a regulated entity, or BrokerTec Americas' status as a member in good standing at FICC, could result in the loss of customers, fines or other consequences to our regulated status. We are primarily subject to the jurisdiction of the regulatory agencies in the U.S., UK and EU. As a result of our global operations, we are also subject to the rules and regulations of other local jurisdictions in which we conduct business and offer our products and services, as appropriate. Our businesses and those of many of our clients have been and continue to be subject to extensive legislation and regulatory scrutiny, and we face the risk of continued increasing oversight and changes to our regulatory environment and business in the future and have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs to comply. Additional new laws or regulations or changes in enforcement practices applicable to our businesses or those of our clients could be imposed in the U.S. or other jurisdictions, which could change, or require us to change, our business practices or the structure of our business, including its current governance, risk oversight or regulatory structure, or impose significant costs on us by, for example, requiring more of our funds to be set aside for the guaranty fund or to meet other compliance requirements. This could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively with other institutions that are not affected in the same way or impact our clients' overall trading volume and demand for our market data and other services. Additionally, regulations imposed on financial institutions or market participants generally may adversely impact their trading activity in our markets. To the extent the legislative and regulatory environment becomes more onerous for us or less beneficial for us or our customers, our business, financial condition and operating results could be negatively affected. Legislation may be proposed, both domestically and internationally, that could, for example, add a transaction tax on our products or change the way our market participants are taxed on the products they trade on our markets. If such proposals were to become law, they could have a negative impact on our industry and on us by making transactions more costly to market participants, which may reduce trading and could make our markets less competitive, with a resulting negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. Legislation regarding the regulatory market structure applicable to the trading and clearing of spot digital assets is currently being considered in Congress. It is not yet certain whether the legislation will be signed into law or whether it will have any impact on listed derivatives regulation. The legal status of certain event-based contracts, most notably those based on sports events, is the subject of litigation in various jurisdictions. The outcome of these cases, new laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations could immediately or subsequently impact our ability to offer certain event contracts and could subject us to additional litigation or regulatory scrutiny. If we fail to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to censure, fines, cease-and-desist orders, suspension of our business, removal of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of our designations as a contract market, derivatives clearing organization, swap data repository, broker-dealer, MTF or other regulatory status. Our broker-dealer and MTF businesses, BrokerTec and EBS, are also extensively regulated in various jurisdictions. These regulatory obligations generally include proper licensing and qualification of the firms and individuals, substantive conduct standards, communication and disclosure rules, monitoring and surveillance, training, capital requirements, supervisory obligations, maintenance of anti-money laundering programs, suspicious activity reporting, risk management standards, trade reporting, and ongoing examinations and reviews. The risks from failing to comply with these regulatory obligations include potential liability and/or disciplinary action against the firm and individuals, monetary penalties and restrictions on future activities. BrokerTec Americas' matched principal platform facilitates anonymous trading in significant volumes from wholesale market participants, many of which are FICC members and understand that BrokerTec Americas is also a FICC member, such that their trades are expected to be novated promptly to FICC, which will be their ultimate counterparty. A failure of BrokerTec Americas to maintain its membership with FICC could adversely impact the willingness of such participants to continue trading on our platform. As part of maintaining its FICC membership, BrokerTec Americas is required to timely and fully meet all margin calls and other obligations established by FICC, and as such must maintain ready access to sufficient liquidity to satisfy those obligations. BrokerTec Americas maintains access to liquidity resources it believes will satisfy these obligations in normal and stressed circumstances, but there can be no guarantee it will never experience a shortfall. Please see "Item 1 - Business - Regulatory Matters" beginning on page 12 for additional information on our areas of regulatory focus. Some of our clearing house's largest clearing firms have indicated their belief that clearing facilities should not be owned or controlled by exchanges and should be operated as utilities and not for profit. These clearing firms have sought, and may seek in the future, legislative or regulatory changes that would, if adopted, enable them to use alternative clearing services 17 Table of Contents for positions established on our exchanges or to freely move open positions among clearing houses in order to take advantage of our liquidity. Even if they are not successful, these factors may cause them to limit the use of our markets. Our clearing house seeks to offer customers, intermediaries and clearing firms universal access in order to maximize the efficient use of capital, exercise appropriate oversight of value at risk and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities on our exchanges. Our strategic business plan for our futures and options business is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically-integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business. Some of our clearing firms have expressed the view that clearing firms should control the governance of clearing houses or that clearing houses should be operated as utilities rather than as part of for-profit enterprises. Some of these firms, along with certain industry associations, have sought, and may seek in the future, legislative or regulatory changes to be adopted that would facilitate mechanisms or policies that allow market participants to transfer positions of futures or options from an exchange-owned clearing house to a clearing house owned and controlled by clearing firms. If these legislative or regulatory changes are adopted, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. We face intense competition from other companies. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. Our industry is highly competitive, and we expect competition to continue to intensify. We encounter competition in all aspects of our business, including from entities having substantially greater capital and resources, offering a wide range of products and services and in some cases operating under a different and possibly less stringent regulatory regime. We face competition from other futures, securities and securities option exchanges; OTC markets; clearing organizations; consortia formed by our members and large industry participants; alternative trade execution facilities and crypto and prediction market platforms; technology firms, including market data distributors and electronic trading system developers; and others. Our competitors and potential competitors may have greater financial, marketing, technological and personnel resources than we do. Our competitors may: respond more quickly to competitive pressures and opportunities, including responses based upon their corporate governance structures, which may be more flexible and efficient than our corporate governance structure; develop products that are preferred by our customers compared to those offered by CME Group; develop risk transfer products that compete with our products; price their products and services more competitively; develop and expand their network infrastructure and service offerings more efficiently; utilize better, more user-friendly or more reliable technology, including artificial intelligence; take greater advantage of acquisitions, alliances and other opportunities that provide a competitive advantage; more effectively market, promote and sell their products and services; market and sell their services more effectively because of their existing customer and alliance partner relationships, as well as their recognized brand names; or exploit regulatory disparities between traditional, regulated exchanges and alternative markets that benefit from a reduced regulatory burden and lower-cost business model. If our products, markets and clearing services are not competitive or are viewed as less competitive, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. A decline in our fees or loss of customers could lower our revenues, which would adversely affect our profitability. Please see "Item 1 - Business - Competition" beginn ing on p age 10 for additional information on the competitive environment and its potential impact on our business. Our trading volume, and consequently our revenues and profits, would be adversely affected if we are unable to retain our current customers at substantially similar trading levels or attract new customers. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets. To do so, we must maintain and expand our product offerings, our customer base and our trade execution facilities, our pre- and post-trade services and clearing facilities. Our success also depends on our ability to offer competitive prices and services in an increasingly price-sensitive business. For example, some of our competitors have engaged in aggressive pricing strategies in the past, such as lowering the fees they charge for taking liquidity and increasing liquidity payments or rebates. We cannot provide assurances that we will be able to continue to expand our products and services, that we will be able to retain our current customers or attract new customers or that we will not be required to modify our pricing structure to compete effectively. Changes in our pricing structure may result in a decrease to our profit margin. 18 Table of Contents Our clearing firms must meet certain capital requirements and must deposit collateral to meet performance bond and guaranty fund requirements. There is no guarantee the collateral deposited will continue to maintain its value. To the extent a clearing firm were to experience a decrease in capital and be unable to meet requirements, it may be required to decrease its trading activity. Additionally, from time to time, certain customers may represent a significant portion of the open interest in our individual product lines or contracts, and a substantial decrease in their trading activity could have a negative impact on the liquidity of the particular product line or contract. If we fail to maintain trading volume, as a result of a loss of customers or decrease in trading activity; expand our product offerings or execution facilities; or are unable to attract new customers, our business and revenues will be adversely affected. Declines in trading volume may also negatively impact market liquidity, which could lead to further loss of trading volume. Because our cost structure is largely fixed, if demand for our products and services and our resulting revenues decline, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure on a timely basis, and our profitability could be adversely affected. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber-security risks. Our technology, our customers, our people and our third-party service providers are vulnerable to cyber-security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers data or cause interruptions in our operations, our customers' operations, or our third-party service providers' operations, which could cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in substantial liabilities. We also could be required to incur significant expense to protect or remediate damage to our systems and/or investigate any alleged attack. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. Our technology, our customers, our people and our third-party service providers are vulnerable to targeted attacks, such as "phishing" attacks, unauthorized access, fraud, business email compromise, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, terrorism, "ransomware" attacks, attacks created through artificial intelligence, firewall or encryption failures or other security or operational risks. Criminal groups, political activist groups and nation-state actors have targeted the financial services industry in general, including as a result of armed conflicts, and our role in the global marketplace places us at significant risk for a cyber attack and other information security threats. While to date we have not experienced cyber incidents that are individually, or in the aggregate, material, we and certain of our third-party service providers have experienced cyber attacks of varying degrees in the past. Our usage of mobile, web, and cloud technologies, such as those pursuant to our partnership with Google Cloud, may increase our risk of a cyber attack. Our security defenses may also be impacted or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, customers or our third-party service providers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our technology systems and data, or our customers systems and data, or our third parties' systems and data. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the services we provide that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business, while resulting in regulatory penalties or the imposition of additional obligations by regulators or others. The regulatory environment related to information security, privacy, data collection, data usage and use of artificial intelligence is increasingly rigorous and complex, and any failure to comply may carry significant penalties and reputational damage. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks and security risks through administrative, physical and technical safeguards. As part of our global information security (GIS) and privacy programs, we employ resources to prevent, detect and respond to cyber attacks and security risks that could impact our people, processes and technology infrastructure, including rapid response to zero-day vulnerabilities. However, our security measures or those of our third-party service providers, including any cloud-based technologies, may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. It is impossible to precisely predict the likelihood or impact of any cyberattack on our industry generally, or on our business. Any security attack or breach could result in system failures and delays, malfunctions in our operations, loss of customers or lower trading volume, loss of competitive position, damage to our reputation, disruption of our business, legal liability or regulatory fines and significant costs, which in turn may cause our revenues and earnings to decline and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may be subject to litigation and financial losses that exceed our insurance policy limits or are not covered under any of our current policies. As a financial services provider, we are subject to significant litigation risk and regulatory liability and penalties. Many aspects of our business present substantial litigation risks. These risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes over terms of a trade, the claim that a system failure or delay caused monetary losses to a customer, that we entered into an unauthorized transaction, that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a transaction or that we failed to effectively fulfill our regulatory oversight responsibilities. We may be subject to disputes regarding the quality of trade execution, the settlement of trades or other matters relating to our services. We may become subject to these claims as a 19 Table of Contents result of failures or malfunctions of our systems and services we provide. We could incur significant legal expenses defending claims, even those without merit. In addition, an adverse resolution of any future lawsuit or claim against us could have a material adverse effect on our business and our reputation. To the extent we are found to have failed to fulfill our regulatory obligations, we could lose our authorizations or licenses or become subject to conditions that could make future operations more costly and impair our profitability. Such events could also result in customer dissatisfaction and a decline in their willingness to trade on our markets. We may be at greater risk from terrorism, which poses physical security risks and cybersecurity risks, than other companies. Given our role in the global financial services industry, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target of, or an indirect casualty of, attacks by terrorists or terrorist organizations. It is impossible to accurately predict the likelihood or impact of any terrorist attack against us or our third-party service providers, or on our industry generally. While we have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans, and established backup sites to provide operational resiliency, in the event of an attack or a threat of an attack, these security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business. Such an attack may result in harm to our personnel or the closure of our facilities or render our backup data and recovery systems inoperable, or have similar consequences for our third-party service providers. Damage to our facilities due to terrorist attacks may be significantly in excess of any amount of insurance coverage available, or we may not be able to insure against such damage at a reasonable price or at all. The threat of terrorist attacks also may negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS Damage to our reputation or brand could harm our business. Maintaining our reputation and brand is critical to attracting and retaining customers, investors and employees and to maintaining our relationships with our regulators and other government officials. Negative publicity regarding our company or actual, alleged or perceived issues regarding our company, products or services, including social and environmental concerns relating to our company or certain commodity products and increased impact from climate change or criticism or market reaction to the performance of our market in periods of extreme volatility, could give rise to reputational risk, which could significantly harm our business prospects. These issues may include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this Item 1A, including risks from customer disputes, system failures or intrusions, cybersecurity attacks, failures to meet our regulatory obligations, failures of a clearing firm or other counterparty, issues relating to our third-party service providers, alleged or actual fraud or misconduct or manipulative activity, or ineffective risk management. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability, resilience, capacity, security and speed required by our customers. The success of our business depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces for a wide range of products that have the required functionality, performance, availability, resilience, capacity, security and speed to attract and retain customer s. In 2025 , 93% of o ur overall contract volume was generated through electronic trading on our CME Globex electronic platform. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. As a result, we will continue to be subject to risks, expenses and uncertainties encountered in the rapidly evolving market for electronic transaction services. These risks include our failure or inability to: provide reliable and cost-effective services to our customers; develop, in a timely manner, the required functionality to support electronic trading in a manner that is competitive with the functionality supported by other electronic markets; maintain the competitiveness of our fee structure; attract ISVs to write software that will allow our customers to effectively access our systems; respond to technological developments or service offerings by competitors; and generate sufficient revenue to justify the substantial capital investment we have made and will continue to make to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings. Failure to continuously improve our electronic trading systems and technology offerings could materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. This includes, but is not limited to, the successful development and migration of our markets and supporting operational and business functions to the Google Cloud in the new private Google Cloud region. If our trading systems and technology offerings cannot be developed to include other products and markets, or if they lack the functionality, 20 Table of Contents performance, availability, resilience, capacity, security, and speed demanded by our customers, our ability to successfully compete, along with our revenues and profits, will be adversely affected. Additionally, we rely on our customers' ability to have the necessary back office functionality to support our new products and our trading and clearing functionality, including generating sufficient liquidity. To the extent our customers and/or their third-party service providers are not prepared and/or lack the resources or infrastructure, the success of our new initiatives may be compromised. Our business is subject to the impact of financial markets volatility, which is caused by conditions that are beyond our control. Trading volume in our markets and products is largely driven by the degree of volatility - the magnitude and frequency of fluctuations - in prices and levels of the underlying commodities, securities, indices, financial benchmarks or other instruments. Volatility increases the need to hedge price risk and creates opportunities for investment and speculative or arbitrage trading. Were there to be a sustained period of stability in the prices or levels of the underlying commodities, securities, indices, benchmarks or other instruments of our products, we could experience lower trading volumes, slower growth or declines in revenues. Because our cost structure is largely fixed, if demand for our current products and services declines for any reason, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure to counteract the associated decline in revenues, which would cause our net income to decline. If we experience system failures or capacity constraints, our ability to conduct our operations and execute our business strategy could be materially harmed, and we could be subject to significant costs and liabilities. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute and monitor, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, a large number of transactions, which occur at high volumes and frequencies across multiple systems and our ability to access key business data, financial information, order processing and invoicing. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations provided by third parties. Our systems, or those of our third-party service providers, including data center and cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing one or more of the following to occur: unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers; slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing; failed settlement of trades; incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording, or processing of trades; financial losses; cybersecurity attacks; litigation or other customer claims; loss of customers; or regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure that we will not experience system failures from power or telecommunications failures, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error on our part or on the part of our third-party service providers or partners, natural disasters, fire, rising temperatures, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. If any of our systems or the systems of our third-party service providers do not operate properly, are compromised or are disabled, including as a result of system failure, employee or customer error or misuse of our systems, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory intervention or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market. On November 27, 2025, our largest data center owned and operated by CyrusOne experienced a critical cooling failure caused by human error. In response to the critical cooling failure, we made the decision to temporarily halt our markets. Our markets opened the following day on a delayed basis. Although the impact to our business from the event was limited and not material, we cannot make assurances that we will not experience future events that may be material. From time to time, we have experienced system errors and failures that have resulted in some customers being unable to connect to our electronic trading platforms and technology offerings, or that resulted in erroneous reporting. Such errors may result in CME Group being liable or in our voluntary assumption of financial liability. We cannot assure that if we experience system errors or failures in the future that they will not have a material adverse impact on our business. Any such system failures that cause an interruption in service or decrease our responsiveness could impact our trading volumes, impair our reputation, damage our brand, result in regulatory fines and/or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 21 Table of Contents Regulations relating to our trading and clearing systems generally require the handling of anticipated present and future peak trading volume. Heavy use of our systems during peak trading times or at times of unusual market volatility could exceed our available capacity based on estimated future trading volumes and cause them to operate slowly or even to fail for periods of time. We constantly monitor system loads and performance, and regularly implement system upgrades to handle estimated increases in volume. However, we cannot assure that our estimates of future trading volume and order messaging traffic will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume and order messaging traffic without failure or degradation of performance or speed. Increased trading volume and order messaging traffic may result in connectivity problems or erroneous reports that may affect users of our platforms. System failure or degradation could lead our customers to file formal complaints with industry regulatory organizations, to file lawsuits against us or to cease doing business with us or could lead our regulators to initiate inquiries or proceedings for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We will need to continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. Although many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional volume and products and services without redesign or replacement, we will need to continue to make significant investments to accommodate the increases in volume of transactions and order transaction traffic and to provide processing services to third parties. If we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses could be adversely affected. We, as well as many of our customers, depend on third-party service providers for a number of services that are important. An interruption or cessation of an important supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business, including revenues derived from our customers' trading activity. We depend on a number of suppliers, such as banking, clearing and settlement organizations, telephone companies, internet service providers, data processors, cloud hosting providers, data center providers, and software and hardware vendors, for elements of our trading, clearing, and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment, computer hardware and software and related support and maintenance. Although we conduct due diligence and monitor important suppliers and service providers (including the resiliency of their operations), we cannot provide assurances of their performance and any interruption or cessation of their supplies or services could negatively impact our operations or those of our customers, as well as affect our reputation, financial or regulatory posture. As discussed above in If we experience system failures or capacity constraints, our ability to conduct our operations and execute our business strategy could be materially harmed, and we could be subject to significant costs and liabilities, in November 2025, CyrusOne, the owner and operator of our largest data center, experienced a critical cooling failure, which resulted in our decision to temporarily halt our markets. Many of our customers rely on third parties, such as ISVs, to provide them with front-end systems to access our trading platforms and other back office systems for their trade processing and risk management needs. While these service providers have undertaken to keep current and certify as to our enhancements and make corresponding changes to their software for our interfaces and functionality, we cannot guarantee that they will continue to make the necessary monetary, resource and time investments to keep up with our enhancements and changes. To the extent any of our service providers or the organizations that provide services to our customers in connection with their trading activities cease to provide these services or cease to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective manner, or fail to adequately expand their services to meet our needs and the needs of our customers, we could experience decreased trading volume, lower revenues and higher costs. In addition, while we may be entitled to recovery for breaches of, or liabilities otherwise incurred in connection with, our agreements with third-party service providers, such recovery is limited by the terms of these agreements and may not compensate us in full. Our business exposes us to substantial credit risk of our clearing firms and other counterparties and, consequently, a decrease in their financial resources could adversely affect us. Our clearing house operations expose us to counterparties with differing risk profiles. In our derivatives business, we routinely guarantee transactions submitted by our clearing firm customers with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional customers. We could be adversely impacted by the financial distress or failure of one or more of our derivatives clearing firms. During 2025, the clearing house transferred an average of approximately $ 6.7 billion a day through the clearing system for settlement from clearing firms whose positions had lost value to clearing firms whose positions had gained value. Additionally, we are exposed to the risk of loss from the failure of a matched principal counterparty to settle its trades at BrokerTec Americas. A substantial part of our working capital may be at risk if a clearing firm defaults on its obligations to our clearing house and its margin and guaranty fund deposits are insufficient to meet its obligations. Additionally, BrokerTec Americas is exposed to the potential risk of loss in the event a counterparty fails to meet its obligations. Later in 2026, we expect to launch clearing services for U.S. Treasury cash and repo transactions. While we have a long history in, and deep understanding of, risk 22 Table of Contents management from the operation of our derivatives clearing house, the operation of a securities clearing house is new to our business. Our policies and procedures which are designed to ensure that our clearing firms an