=== REGN_2026-02-04.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. "Risk Factors," which could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. General Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a fully integrated biotechnology company that invents, develops, manufactures, and commercializes medicines for people with serious diseases. Our products and product candidates in development are designed to help patients with eye diseases, allergic and inflammatory diseases, cancer, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, neurological diseases, hematologic conditions, infectious diseases, and rare diseases. Our core business strategy is to maintain a strong foundation in scientific research and drug development using our proprietary technologies, and to build on that foundation with our clinical development, manufacturing, and commercial capabilities. Our objective is to continue to advance as an integrated, multi-product biotechnology company that provides patients and medical professionals with important medicines for preventing and treating human diseases. Selected financial information is summarized as follows: Year Ended December 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2025 2024 2023 Revenues $ 14,342.9 $ 14,202.0 $ 13,117.2 Net income $ 4,504.9 $ 4,412.6 $ 3,953.6 Net income per share - diluted $ 41.48 $ 38.34 $ 34.77 For purposes of this report, references to our products encompass products commercialized by us and/or our collaborators or licensees and references to our product candidates encompass product candidates in development by us and/or our collaborators or licensees (in the case of collaborated or licensed products or product candidates under the terms of the applicable collaboration or license agreements), unless otherwise stated or required by the context. Products Products that have received marketing approval are summarized in the table below. Certain products have also received marketing approval in countries outside the United States, European Union ("EU"), or Japan. Product Disease Territory U.S. EU Japan EYLEA HD (aflibercept) Injection 8 mg (a) Wet age-related macular degeneration ("wAMD") a a a Diabetic macular edema ("DME") a a a Diabetic retinopathy ("DR") a Macular edema following retinal vein occlusion ("RVO") a a EYLEA (aflibercept) Injection (a) wAMD a a a DME a a a DR a RVO a a a Myopic choroidal neovascularization ("mCNV") a a Neovascular glaucoma ("NVG") a Retinopathy of prematurity ("ROP") a a a Dupixent (dupilumab) Injection (b) Atopic dermatitis (in patients aged 6 months and older) a a a Asthma (in adults and adolescents) a a a Asthma (in pediatrics 6 11 years of age) a a a 3 Table of Contents Product (continued) Disease Territory U.S. EU Japan Dupixent (dupilumab) Injection (b) (continued) Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis ("CRSwNP") (in adults) a a a CRSwNP (in adolescents) a Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ("COPD") a a a Eosinophilic esophagitis ("EoE") (in patients aged 1 year and older) a a Prurigo nodularis a a a Chronic spontaneous urticaria ("CSU") (in adults and adolescents) a a a Bullous pemphigoid a Libtayo (cemiplimab) Injection Metastatic or locally advanced first-line non-small cell lung cancer ("NSCLC"), monotherapy and in combination with chemotherapy a a a Metastatic or locally advanced basal cell carcinoma ("BCC") a a Metastatic or locally advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma ("CSCC") a a Adjuvant CSCC a a Metastatic or recurrent second-line cervical cancer a a Praluent (alirocumab) Injection (c) Cardiovascular risk reduction in patients at increased risk of cardiovascular events a a Hypercholesterolemia a a Heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia ("HeFH") (in patients aged 8 years and older) a a Homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia ("HoFH") a Kevzara (sarilumab) Injection (b) Rheumatoid arthritis ("RA") a a a Polymyalgia rheumatica ("PMR") a a Polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis ("pJIA") a a Evkeeza (evinacumab) Injection (d) HoFH (in adults, adolescents, and pediatrics) a a a Ordspono (odronextamab) Follicular lymphoma ("FL") a Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma ("DLBCL") a Lynozyfic (linvoseltamab) Relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma a a Inmazeb (atoltivimab, maftivimab, and odesivimab) Injection Infection caused by Zaire ebolavirus a Veopoz (pozelimab) Injection CD55-deficient protein-losing enteropathy ("CHAPLE") (in patients aged 1 year and older) a ARCALYST (rilonacept) Injection (e) Cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes ("CAPS"), including familial cold auto-inflammatory syndrome ("FCAS") and Muckle-Wells syndrome ("MWS") (in adults and adolescents) a Deficiency of interleukin-1 receptor antagonist ("DIRA") (in adults, adolescents, and pediatrics) a Recurrent pericarditis (in adults and adolescents) a ZALTRAP (ziv-aflibercept) Injection for Intravenous Infusion (f) Metastatic colorectal cancer ("mCRC") a a a 4 Table of Contents Note: Refer to table below (net product sales of Regeneron-discovered products) for information regarding whether net product sales for a particular product are recorded by us or others. In addition, unless otherwise noted, products in the table above are generally approved for use in adults in the above-referenced diseases. (a) In collaboration with Bayer outside the United States. Aflibercept 8 mg is known as EYLEA HD in the United States and EYLEA 8 mg in other countries. (b) In collaboration with Sanofi (c) The Company is responsible for the development and commercialization of Praluent in the United States and Sanofi is responsible for the development and commercialization of Praluent outside the United States (d) The Company is responsible for the development and commercialization of Evkeeza in the United States and Ultragenyx is responsible for the development and commercialization of Evkeeza outside the United States (e) Kiniksa is responsible for the development and commercialization of ARCALYST (f) Sanofi is responsible for the development and commercialization of ZALTRAP The table below includes net product sales of Regeneron-discovered products. Such net product sales are recorded by us or others, as further described in the footnotes to the table. We believe the information in the table is useful to investors as it demonstrates our pipeline productivity and our ability to innovate, discover, and develop new products, and bring those products to market either alone or based on contractual arrangements with other parties, which has a direct impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The table also shows the degree to which we, a collaborator, and/or a licensee is currently commercializing the products discovered by Regeneron. In addition, this information allows management and investors to assess the commercial trends and developments impacting Regeneron-discovered products. In arrangements where our collaborator or licensee is currently commercializing such products and is recording net product sales as a result, the net product sales shown in the table also are an important metric for management's review and assessment of (i) the revenues we record for our share of profits and/or royalties from such sales and (ii) the impact of our obligation to supply commercial product to certain of these collaborators or licensees. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (In millions) U.S. ROW (f) Total U.S. ROW Total U.S. ROW Total EYLEA HD (a) $ 1,636.9 $ 932.7 $ 2,569.6 $ 1,201.1 $ 239.9 $ 1,441.0 $ 165.8 $ $ 165.8 EYLEA (a) $ 2,747.8 $ 2,573.6 $ 5,321.4 $ 4,767.1 $ 3,336.9 $ 8,104.0 $ 5,719.6 $ 3,495.2 $ 9,214.8 Total EYLEA HD and EYLEA $ 4,384.7 $ 3,506.3 $ 7,891.0 $ 5,968.2 $ 3,576.8 $ 9,545.0 $ 5,885.4 $ 3,495.2 $ 9,380.6 Dupixent (b) $ 13,187.0 $ 4,619.7 $ 17,806.7 $ 10,398.7 $ 3,749.3 $ 14,148.0 $ 8,855.6 $ 2,732.5 $ 11,588.1 Libtayo (c) $ 944.7 $ 507.5 $ 1,452.2 $ 787.3 $ 429.5 $ 1,216.8 $ 538.8 $ 330.0 $ 868.8 Praluent (d) $ 262.5 $ 594.3 $ 856.8 $ 241.7 $ 523.3 $ 765.0 $ 182.4 $ 456.5 $ 638.9 Kevzara (b) $ 371.4 $ 203.2 $ 574.6 $ 270.2 $ 188.5 $ 458.7 $ 214.7 $ 171.2 $ 385.9 Other products (e) $ 210.0 $ 113.3 $ 323.3 $ 202.9 $ 90.0 $ 292.9 $ 150.5 $ 686.2 $ 836.7 (a) We record net product sales of EYLEA HD and EYLEA in the United States, and Bayer records net product sales outside the United States. We record our share of profits in connection with sales outside the United States within Collaboration revenue; refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Revenues - Bayer Collaboration Revenue" for such amounts. (b) Sanofi records global net product sales of Dupixent and Kevzara, and we record our share of profits in connection with global sales of such products within Collaboration revenue. Refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Revenues - Sanofi Collaboration Revenue" for such amounts. (c) We record global net product sales of Libtayo and pay Sanofi a royalty on such sales (d) We record net product sales of Praluent in the United States. Sanofi records net product sales of Praluent outside the United States and pays us a royalty on such sales, which is recorded within Other revenue. (e) Included in this line item are products which are sold by us and others. Refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Revenues" for a listing of net product sales recorded by us. Not included in this line item are net product sales of ARCALYST, which are recorded by Kiniksa. (f) Rest of world ("ROW") 5 Table of Contents Programs in Clinical Development Product candidates in Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical development, which are being developed by us and/or our collaborators, are summarized in the table below. There are numerous uncertainties associated with drug development, including uncertainties related to safety and efficacy data from each phase of drug development (including any post-approval studies), uncertainties related to the enrollment and performance of clinical trials, changes in regulatory requirements, changes to drug pricing and reimbursement regulations and requirements, and changes in the competitive landscape affecting a product candidate. The planning, execution, and results of our clinical programs are significant factors that can affect our operating and financial results. Refer to Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for a description of risks and uncertainties that may affect our clinical programs. Any of such risks and uncertainties may, among other matters, negatively impact the development timelines set forth in the table below. 6 Table of Contents Clinical Program Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Ophthalmology EYLEA HD (aflibercept) 8 mg (a) Pre-filled syringe (U.S.) RVO (Japan) Presented positive three-year data from extension study of Phase 3 wAMD trial at Angiogenesis, Exudation, and Degeneration ("Angiogenesis") 2025 annual meeting Presented positive data from Phase 3 QUASAR trial in RVO at Angiogenesis 2025 annual meeting Approved by FDA and European Commission ("EC") for RVO Approved by FDA for every 4-week dosing regimen for approved indications FDA issued Complete Response Letters ("CRLs") for supplemental Biologics License Application ("sBLA") for addition of extended dosing intervals and for regulatory application for pre-filled syringe Submitted regulatory application for pre-filled syringe in U.S. Approved EC for extended dosing intervals up to 6 months (24 weeks) in wAMD and DME U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") decision for pre-filled syringe (second quarter 2026) 7 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Pozelimab (f) (antibody to C5) + cemdisiran (l) (siRNA therapeutic targeting C5) Geographic atrophy (q) Report initial results from lead-in cohort of Phase 3 study in geographic atrophy (combination and cemdisiran monotherapy) (second half 2026) Immunology Inflammation Dupixent (dupilumab) (b) Antibody to IL-4R alpha subunit Asthma in pediatrics (2 5 years of age) Chronic pruritus of unknown origin ("CPUO") Lichen simplex chronicus CSU in pediatrics (2 11 years of age) (U.S., EU, and Japan) Bullous pemphigoid (EU and Japan) Allergic fungal rhinosinusitis ("AFRS") (U.S.) Approved by Japan's Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare ("MHLW") for asthma in pediatrics (6 11 years of age) Approved by MHLW for COPD Approved by FDA and EC for CSU in adults and adolescents Presented positive data from Phase 2/3 bullous pemphigoid trial at 2025 American Academy of Dermatology ("AAD") Annual Meeting Approved by FDA for bullous pemphigoid Reported that Phase 3 trial in AFRS met its primary and key secondary endpoints EC decision on regulatory submission for bullous pemphigoid (first half 2026) FDA decision on sBLA for AFRS (February 2026) Kevzara (sarilumab) (b) Antibody to IL-6R Systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis ("sJIA") (pivotal study) Approved by EC for pJIA Itepekimab (b) (REGN3500) Antibody to IL-33 Chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis ("CRSsNP") COPD (e) CRSwNP Reported that Phase 3 trial (AERIFY-1) in COPD met its primary endpoint; second Phase 3 trial (AERIFY-2) did not meet same primary endpoint 8 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Itepekimab (b) (REGN3500) (continued) Discontinued Phase 2 study in non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis ("NCFB") REGN5713-5715 Multi-antibody therapy to Bet v 1 Birch allergy Reported that Phase 3 trial in birch allergy met its primary and key secondary endpoints Initiated second Phase 3 trial in birch allergy REGN1908-1909 (f) Multi-antibody therapy to Fel d 1 Cat allergy Reported that Phase 3 trial in cat allergy met its primary and key secondary endpoints Initiate second Phase 3 study in cat allergy (first half 2026) Solid Organ Oncology Libtayo (cemiplimab) (g) Antibody to PD-1 Neoadjuvant CSCC First-line NSCLC, BNT116 (i) combination Neoadjuvant NSCLC Neoadjuvant hepatocellular carcinoma ("HCC") Early-stage CSCC (intralesional) Adjuvant CSCC (Japan) Approved by FDA and EC for adjuvant CSCC Reported positive data from Phase 3 trial in adjuvant CSCC; results presented at 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology ("ASCO") Annual Meeting and published in New England Journal of Medicine ("NEJM") Approved by MHLW for NSCLC, monotherapy and chemotherapy combination Reported positive five-year follow-up data from Phase 3 trial in combination with chemotherapy for NSCLC; results presented at IASLC 2025 World Conference on Lung Cancer ("WCLC") Fianlimab (f) (REGN3767) Antibody to LAG-3 First-line advanced NSCLC (Phase 2/3) Perioperative NSCLC First-line metastatic melanoma (e) Adjuvant melanoma Report results from Phase 3 study versus pembrolizumab in first-line metastatic melanoma (first half 2026) 9 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Fianlimab (f) (REGN3767) (continued) Perioperative melanoma Based on pre-planned interim analysis of two Phase 2/3 studies in first-line advanced NSCLC, Phase 2 portion of the studies will continue unchanged Report Phase 2 data in first-line advanced NSCLC (first half 2026) Vidutolimod Immune activator targeting TLR9 Ubamatamab (f) (REGN4018) Bispecific antibody targeting MUC16 and CD3 Ovarian cancer Presented additional data from Phase 2 study in platinum-resistant ovarian cancer at European Society for Medical Oncology ("ESMO") 2025 Meeting REGN5668 (p) Bispecific antibody targeting MUC16 and CD28 Ovarian cancer Nezastomig (REGN5678) Bispecific antibody targeting PSMA and CD28 Prostate cancer Reported additional data from study in prostate cancer at American Association for Cancer Research ("AACR") Annual Meeting Marlotamig (REGN7075) Bispecific antibody targeting EGFR and CD28 Solid tumors Davutamig (REGN5093) Bispecific antibody targeting two distinct MET epitopes MET-altered advanced NSCLC Hematology Pozelimab (f) (antibody to C5) + cemdisiran (l) (siRNA therapeutic targeting C5) Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria ("PNH") (c) Report results from Phase 3 study in PNH (fourth quarter 2026/first quarter 2027) Ordspono (odronextamab) Bispecific antibody targeting CD20 and CD3 B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma ("B-NHL") (pivotal study) Lymphoma (c)(e) (multiple lines and settings) FDA issued CRL for BLA for relapsed/refractory FL Lynozyfic (linvoseltamab) (f) Bispecific antibody targeting BCMA and CD3 Multiple myeloma precursor and related conditions Multiple myeloma (c)(e) (multiple lines and settings) Approved by FDA and EC for relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma Initiate additional Phase 3 studies in multiple myeloma and precursor conditions (2026) 10 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Lynozyfic (linvoseltamab) (f) (continued) Completed enrollment in Phase 3 confirmatory trial (LINKER-MM3) in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma Nexiguran ziclumeran (Nex-z, NTLA-2001) (j) TTR gene knockout using CRISPR/Cas9 Transthyretin amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy ("ATTR-CM") (c)(m) Hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis with polyneuropathy ("ATTRv-PN") (c)(m) Phase 3 ATTR-CM trial enrollment on FDA clinical hold REGN7508 Antibody to Factor XI (catalytic domain) Thrombosis Venous thromboembolism after total knee replacement surgery Initiate additional Phase 3 studies in anticoagulation (first half 2026) REGN9933 Antibody to Factor XI (A2 domain) Thrombosis Initiate Phase 3 studies in anticoagulation (first half 2026) REGN7257 Antibody to IL2Rg Discontinued study in aplastic anemia REGN7999 Antibody to TMPRSS6 Iron overload in beta-thalassemia Internal Medicine/Neurology/Rare Diseases Garetosmab (f) (REGN2477) Antibody to Activin A Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva ("FOP") (c)(d)(e) FOP (U.S. and EU) Reported that Phase 3 trial in FOP met its primary endpoint FDA decision on BLA and EC decision on Marketing Authorization Application ("MAA") for FOP (second half 2026) Cemdisiran (l) siRNA therapeutic targeting C5 Myasthenia gravis (c) Reported that Phase 3 trial in myasthenia gravis met its primary and key secondary endpoints Submit New Drug Application ("NDA") for myasthenia gravis (first quarter 2026) Mibavademab (f)(o) (REGN4461) Agonist antibody to leptin receptor ("LEPR") Functional hypothalamic amenorrhea Generalized lipodystrophy (c)(d)(e) Trevogrumab (f) (REGN1033) Antibody to myostatin (GDF8) Obesity (n) Reported 26-week results from Phase 2 study in obesity Report additional data from Phase 2 study in obesity (2026) 11 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones REGN7544 Antagonist antibody to NPR1 Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome ("POTS") Sepsis-induced hypotension Rapirosiran (ALN-HSD) (k) RNAi therapeutic targeting HSD17B13 Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis ("MASH") ALN-ANG3 (k)(r) RNAi therapeutic targeting ANGPTL3 Diabetic kidney disease DB-OTO AAV-based gene therapy Hearing deficit due to variants of otoferlin gene (c)(e)(m) (Phase 1/2) (pivotal study) Hearing deficit due to variants of otoferlin gene (U.S.) Presented updated data from Phase 1/2 trial and published in NEJM FDA granted Commissioner's National Priority Voucher FDA decision on BLA for hearing deficit due to variants of otoferlin gene (first half 2026) 12 Table of Contents Note 1: For purposes of the table above, a program is classified in Phase 2 or 3 clinical development after recruitment for the corresponding study or studies has commenced Note 2: We have discontinued further clinical development of REGN5381, an agonist antibody to NPR1, which was previously being studied in heart failure and uncontrolled hypertension (a) In collaboration with Bayer outside the United States (b) In collaboration with Sanofi (c) FDA granted Orphan Drug designation for one or more indications (d) FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation for one or more indications (e) FDA granted Fast Track designation for one or more indications (f) Sanofi is entitled to receive royalties on sales of the product (g) Studied as monotherapy and in combination with other antibodies and treatments (h) Information in this column captures submissions to U.S., EU, and/or Japan regulatory authorities (i) BioNTech's BNT116 is an mRNA cancer vaccine (j) In collaboration with Intellia (k) Alnylam is entitled to receive royalties on sales of the product (l) Under the terms of our license agreement for cemdisiran, Alnylam is entitled to receive royalties on sales, as well as milestone payments (m) FDA granted Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy ("RMAT") designation for one or more indications (n) Studied in combination with semaglutide with and without garetosmab (o) A Phase 2 study, sponsored by Eli Lilly, is also ongoing and testing the combination of tirzepatide and mibavademab compared with tirzepatide alone in patients with obesity (p) Studied in combination with ubamatamab or fianlimab (q) Geographic atrophy also studied with cemdisiran monotherapy (r) Studied as monotherapy and in combination with Evkeeza (evinacumab) 13 Table of Contents Additional Information - Clinical Development Programs EYLEA HD In August 2025, the FDA extended the target action dates for the Company's FDA applications for EYLEA HD (pre-filled syringe, every-four-week dosing, and for the treatment of RVO). The delay resulted from observations from a July 2025 FDA general site inspection (not specific to EYLEA HD) at Catalent Indiana, LLC ("Catalent"), part of Novo Nordisk A/S, the manufacturing filler in the EYLEA HD BLA. The FDA extended the review periods after determining that the information submitted by the manufacturing filler in August 2025 to address the observations constituted a major amendment to each regulatory application. In October 2025, the Company was notified by Catalent that they received an official action indicated ("OAI") letter from the FDA citing unresolved issues related to a July 2025 FDA general site inspection. On October 27, 2025, the FDA issued a CRL for the pre-filled syringe sBLA. The sole approvability issue cited in the CRL relates to unresolved inspection findings at Catalent. In December 2025, the Company submitted a regulatory application seeking approval of the EYLEA HD pre-filled syringe using a new manufacturer. The application has been accepted for review, a standard pre-licensing inspection has been scheduled, and an FDA decision on the Company's filing is expected in the second quarter of 2026. In November 2025, the FDA approved EYLEA HD for the treatment of patients with RVO and for an every 4-week dosing option across approved indications. In addition, in December 2025, the FDA approved the addition of a new manufacturer to fill vials for EYLEA HD. Itepekimab In May 2025, the Company and Sanofi announced that a Phase 3 trial, AERIFY-1, in adults who were former smokers with inadequately controlled COPD met the primary endpoint of significantly reducing moderate or severe acute exacerbations by 27% compared to placebo at week 52, a clinically meaningful benefit. A second Phase 3 trial, AERIFY-2, did not meet the same primary endpoint, although a benefit was seen earlier in the trial. The safety profile of itepekimab observed in the Phase 3 trials was consistent with prior clinical trials. The Company and Sanofi are evaluating next steps. Fianlimab In April 2025, a pre-planned interim analysis was conducted on two ongoing Phase 2/3 studies evaluating the combination of fianlimab and cemiplimab in first-line advanced NSCLC. Due to limited follow-up, the Phase 2 portion of the studies will continue unchanged until additional data are available. The next analyses for these studies are expected in the first half of 2026, at which time a decision whether to advance to Phase 3 is expected to be made. No new safety signals were observed in either study. Ordspono (odronextamab) On July 30, 2025, the FDA issued a CRL for the BLA for odronextamab in relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma after two or more lines of systemic therapy, which was also impacted by the Catalent Indiana LLC site inspection (as described in the "EYLEA HD" section above). Descriptions of Marketed Products Studied in Additional Indications and Product Candidates in Late-Stage Clinical Development EYLEA HD (aflibercept) 8 mg EYLEA HD is a soluble fusion protein that acts as a vascular endothelial growth factor ("VEGF") inhibitor. Through a novel formulation, it is designed to deliver a concentrated dose of aflibercept to block VEGF-A and PLGF and inhibit the growth of new blood vessels and decrease vascular permeability to treat various retinal diseases, including wAMD, DME, DR, and RVO. Dupixent (dupilumab) Dupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits signaling of the IL-4 and IL-13 pathways, and is not an immunosuppressant. IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that play a major role in atopic dermatitis, asthma, CRSwNP, COPD, EoE, prurigo nodularis, CSU, bullous pemphigoid, and potentially other chronic allergic and inflammatory diseases. Kevzara (sarilumab) Kevzara is a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds specifically to the IL-6 receptor and inhibits IL-6-mediated signaling. IL-6 is an immune system protein produced in increased quantities in patients with inflammatory diseases such as RA and has been associated with disease activity, joint destruction, and other systemic problems. 14 Table of Contents Itepekimab Itepekimab is an investigational, fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits IL-33, a protein that is believed to play a key role in inflammation in COPD and CRSwNP. REGN5713-5715 REGN5713-5715 is an investigational combination of two fully human monoclonal antibodies designed to treat allergic inflammatory conditions caused by the allergen Bet v 1, which is the main allergen responsible for birch pollen allergies. Birch pollen allergy is one of the most common causes of seasonal allergies that occur in the spring, and is also believed to trigger "oral allergy syndrome" food reactions to related allergens found in nuts and fruits such as apples, pears, and cherries. REGN1908-1909 REGN1908-1909 is an investigational combination of two fully human monoclonal antibodies that is designed to specifically bind and block the Fel d 1 allergen, thus preventing it from binding and triggering the endogenous antibodies that cause allergies (i.e., immunoglobulin E antibodies). Cat allergy is primarily caused by exposure to Fel d 1, the major allergen in cat dander produced by all cats. Libtayo (cemiplimab) Libtayo is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 on T-cells. The PD-1/PD-L1 immune checkpoint pathway is a well-known mechanism by which cancers evade immune destruction. Regeneron is studying Libtayo as a monotherapy and in combination with either conventional or novel therapeutic approaches in various solid tumors and blood cancers. It is also being studied in combination with proprietary anti-cancer assets of other companies. Libtayo has also been approved by regulatory authorities in a number of cancer indications, including as a treatment for advanced NSCLC, BCC, CSCC, and cervical cancer, and as an adjuvant treatment for patients with CSCC with a high risk of recurrence after surgery and radiation. Fianlimab Fianlimab is an investigational, fully human monoclonal antibody targeting the immune checkpoint receptor LAG-3 on T-cells. In melanoma and NSCLC, LAG-3 expression in the tumor microenvironment may be associated with therapeutic resistance to PD-1 inhibitors. Fianlimab is being investigated in combination with Libtayo to determine whether concurrent blockade of LAG-3 and PD-1 can help overcome this resistance and release the brakes on T-cell activation. Pozelimab Pozelimab is a fully human monoclonal antibody designed to block complement factor C5 in order to treat diseases mediated by abnormal complement pathway activity, and is approved by the FDA for CHAPLE. Pozelimab is being studied in investigational combinations with an investigational small interfering RNA ("siRNA") therapy, cemdisiran, in PNH and geographic atrophy. Cemdisiran Cemdisiran is an investigational siRNA therapy that reduces circulating levels of C5. Cemdisiran, as a monotherapy and in combination with pozelimab (C5 antibody), is being evaluated in trials for complement-mediated disorders, including myasthenia gravis, PNH, and geographic atrophy. Ordspono (odronextamab) Ordspono is a bispecific monoclonal antibody designed to bridge CD20 on cancer cells with CD3-expressing T cells to facilitate local T-cell activation and cancer-cell killing. We are studying Ordspono in several types of B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma, including in frontline settings. 15 Table of Contents Lynozyfic (linvoseltamab) Lynozyfic is a bispecific monoclonal antibody designed to bind to CD3 while also binding and bridging T-cells to the BCMA protein on multiple myeloma cells. This may help to activate T-cells via their CD3 receptors and trigger targeted, T-cell mediated killing of multiple myeloma. Lynozyfic has been approved by regulatory authorities for relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma, and continues to be studied in multiple lines and settings of mul