=== REGN_2026-02-04.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. "Risk Factors," which could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. General Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a fully integrated biotechnology company that invents, develops, manufactures, and commercializes medicines for people with serious diseases. Our products and product candidates in development are designed to help patients with eye diseases, allergic and inflammatory diseases, cancer, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, neurological diseases, hematologic conditions, infectious diseases, and rare diseases. Our core business strategy is to maintain a strong foundation in scientific research and drug development using our proprietary technologies, and to build on that foundation with our clinical development, manufacturing, and commercial capabilities. Our objective is to continue to advance as an integrated, multi-product biotechnology company that provides patients and medical professionals with important medicines for preventing and treating human diseases. Selected financial information is summarized as follows: Year Ended December 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2025 2024 2023 Revenues $ 14,342.9 $ 14,202.0 $ 13,117.2 Net income $ 4,504.9 $ 4,412.6 $ 3,953.6 Net income per share - diluted $ 41.48 $ 38.34 $ 34.77 For purposes of this report, references to our products encompass products commercialized by us and/or our collaborators or licensees and references to our product candidates encompass product candidates in development by us and/or our collaborators or licensees (in the case of collaborated or licensed products or product candidates under the terms of the applicable collaboration or license agreements), unless otherwise stated or required by the context. Products Products that have received marketing approval are summarized in the table below. Certain products have also received marketing approval in countries outside the United States, European Union ("EU"), or Japan. Product Disease Territory U.S. EU Japan EYLEA HD (aflibercept) Injection 8 mg (a) Wet age-related macular degeneration ("wAMD") a a a Diabetic macular edema ("DME") a a a Diabetic retinopathy ("DR") a Macular edema following retinal vein occlusion ("RVO") a a EYLEA (aflibercept) Injection (a) wAMD a a a DME a a a DR a RVO a a a Myopic choroidal neovascularization ("mCNV") a a Neovascular glaucoma ("NVG") a Retinopathy of prematurity ("ROP") a a a Dupixent (dupilumab) Injection (b) Atopic dermatitis (in patients aged 6 months and older) a a a Asthma (in adults and adolescents) a a a Asthma (in pediatrics 6 11 years of age) a a a 3 Table of Contents Product (continued) Disease Territory U.S. EU Japan Dupixent (dupilumab) Injection (b) (continued) Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis ("CRSwNP") (in adults) a a a CRSwNP (in adolescents) a Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ("COPD") a a a Eosinophilic esophagitis ("EoE") (in patients aged 1 year and older) a a Prurigo nodularis a a a Chronic spontaneous urticaria ("CSU") (in adults and adolescents) a a a Bullous pemphigoid a Libtayo (cemiplimab) Injection Metastatic or locally advanced first-line non-small cell lung cancer ("NSCLC"), monotherapy and in combination with chemotherapy a a a Metastatic or locally advanced basal cell carcinoma ("BCC") a a Metastatic or locally advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma ("CSCC") a a Adjuvant CSCC a a Metastatic or recurrent second-line cervical cancer a a Praluent (alirocumab) Injection (c) Cardiovascular risk reduction in patients at increased risk of cardiovascular events a a Hypercholesterolemia a a Heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia ("HeFH") (in patients aged 8 years and older) a a Homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia ("HoFH") a Kevzara (sarilumab) Injection (b) Rheumatoid arthritis ("RA") a a a Polymyalgia rheumatica ("PMR") a a Polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis ("pJIA") a a Evkeeza (evinacumab) Injection (d) HoFH (in adults, adolescents, and pediatrics) a a a Ordspono (odronextamab) Follicular lymphoma ("FL") a Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma ("DLBCL") a Lynozyfic (linvoseltamab) Relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma a a Inmazeb (atoltivimab, maftivimab, and odesivimab) Injection Infection caused by Zaire ebolavirus a Veopoz (pozelimab) Injection CD55-deficient protein-losing enteropathy ("CHAPLE") (in patients aged 1 year and older) a ARCALYST (rilonacept) Injection (e) Cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes ("CAPS"), including familial cold auto-inflammatory syndrome ("FCAS") and Muckle-Wells syndrome ("MWS") (in adults and adolescents) a Deficiency of interleukin-1 receptor antagonist ("DIRA") (in adults, adolescents, and pediatrics) a Recurrent pericarditis (in adults and adolescents) a ZALTRAP (ziv-aflibercept) Injection for Intravenous Infusion (f) Metastatic colorectal cancer ("mCRC") a a a 4 Table of Contents Note: Refer to table below (net product sales of Regeneron-discovered products) for information regarding whether net product sales for a particular product are recorded by us or others. In addition, unless otherwise noted, products in the table above are generally approved for use in adults in the above-referenced diseases. (a) In collaboration with Bayer outside the United States. Aflibercept 8 mg is known as EYLEA HD in the United States and EYLEA 8 mg in other countries. (b) In collaboration with Sanofi (c) The Company is responsible for the development and commercialization of Praluent in the United States and Sanofi is responsible for the development and commercialization of Praluent outside the United States (d) The Company is responsible for the development and commercialization of Evkeeza in the United States and Ultragenyx is responsible for the development and commercialization of Evkeeza outside the United States (e) Kiniksa is responsible for the development and commercialization of ARCALYST (f) Sanofi is responsible for the development and commercialization of ZALTRAP The table below includes net product sales of Regeneron-discovered products. Such net product sales are recorded by us or others, as further described in the footnotes to the table. We believe the information in the table is useful to investors as it demonstrates our pipeline productivity and our ability to innovate, discover, and develop new products, and bring those products to market either alone or based on contractual arrangements with other parties, which has a direct impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The table also shows the degree to which we, a collaborator, and/or a licensee is currently commercializing the products discovered by Regeneron. In addition, this information allows management and investors to assess the commercial trends and developments impacting Regeneron-discovered products. In arrangements where our collaborator or licensee is currently commercializing such products and is recording net product sales as a result, the net product sales shown in the table also are an important metric for management's review and assessment of (i) the revenues we record for our share of profits and/or royalties from such sales and (ii) the impact of our obligation to supply commercial product to certain of these collaborators or licensees. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (In millions) U.S. ROW (f) Total U.S. ROW Total U.S. ROW Total EYLEA HD (a) $ 1,636.9 $ 932.7 $ 2,569.6 $ 1,201.1 $ 239.9 $ 1,441.0 $ 165.8 $ $ 165.8 EYLEA (a) $ 2,747.8 $ 2,573.6 $ 5,321.4 $ 4,767.1 $ 3,336.9 $ 8,104.0 $ 5,719.6 $ 3,495.2 $ 9,214.8 Total EYLEA HD and EYLEA $ 4,384.7 $ 3,506.3 $ 7,891.0 $ 5,968.2 $ 3,576.8 $ 9,545.0 $ 5,885.4 $ 3,495.2 $ 9,380.6 Dupixent (b) $ 13,187.0 $ 4,619.7 $ 17,806.7 $ 10,398.7 $ 3,749.3 $ 14,148.0 $ 8,855.6 $ 2,732.5 $ 11,588.1 Libtayo (c) $ 944.7 $ 507.5 $ 1,452.2 $ 787.3 $ 429.5 $ 1,216.8 $ 538.8 $ 330.0 $ 868.8 Praluent (d) $ 262.5 $ 594.3 $ 856.8 $ 241.7 $ 523.3 $ 765.0 $ 182.4 $ 456.5 $ 638.9 Kevzara (b) $ 371.4 $ 203.2 $ 574.6 $ 270.2 $ 188.5 $ 458.7 $ 214.7 $ 171.2 $ 385.9 Other products (e) $ 210.0 $ 113.3 $ 323.3 $ 202.9 $ 90.0 $ 292.9 $ 150.5 $ 686.2 $ 836.7 (a) We record net product sales of EYLEA HD and EYLEA in the United States, and Bayer records net product sales outside the United States. We record our share of profits in connection with sales outside the United States within Collaboration revenue; refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Revenues - Bayer Collaboration Revenue" for such amounts. (b) Sanofi records global net product sales of Dupixent and Kevzara, and we record our share of profits in connection with global sales of such products within Collaboration revenue. Refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Revenues - Sanofi Collaboration Revenue" for such amounts. (c) We record global net product sales of Libtayo and pay Sanofi a royalty on such sales (d) We record net product sales of Praluent in the United States. Sanofi records net product sales of Praluent outside the United States and pays us a royalty on such sales, which is recorded within Other revenue. (e) Included in this line item are products which are sold by us and others. Refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Revenues" for a listing of net product sales recorded by us. Not included in this line item are net product sales of ARCALYST, which are recorded by Kiniksa. (f) Rest of world ("ROW") 5 Table of Contents Programs in Clinical Development Product candidates in Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical development, which are being developed by us and/or our collaborators, are summarized in the table below. There are numerous uncertainties associated with drug development, including uncertainties related to safety and efficacy data from each phase of drug development (including any post-approval studies), uncertainties related to the enrollment and performance of clinical trials, changes in regulatory requirements, changes to drug pricing and reimbursement regulations and requirements, and changes in the competitive landscape affecting a product candidate. The planning, execution, and results of our clinical programs are significant factors that can affect our operating and financial results. Refer to Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for a description of risks and uncertainties that may affect our clinical programs. Any of such risks and uncertainties may, among other matters, negatively impact the development timelines set forth in the table below. 6 Table of Contents Clinical Program Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Ophthalmology EYLEA HD (aflibercept) 8 mg (a) Pre-filled syringe (U.S.) RVO (Japan) Presented positive three-year data from extension study of Phase 3 wAMD trial at Angiogenesis, Exudation, and Degeneration ("Angiogenesis") 2025 annual meeting Presented positive data from Phase 3 QUASAR trial in RVO at Angiogenesis 2025 annual meeting Approved by FDA and European Commission ("EC") for RVO Approved by FDA for every 4-week dosing regimen for approved indications FDA issued Complete Response Letters ("CRLs") for supplemental Biologics License Application ("sBLA") for addition of extended dosing intervals and for regulatory application for pre-filled syringe Submitted regulatory application for pre-filled syringe in U.S. Approved EC for extended dosing intervals up to 6 months (24 weeks) in wAMD and DME U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") decision for pre-filled syringe (second quarter 2026) 7 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Pozelimab (f) (antibody to C5) + cemdisiran (l) (siRNA therapeutic targeting C5) Geographic atrophy (q) Report initial results from lead-in cohort of Phase 3 study in geographic atrophy (combination and cemdisiran monotherapy) (second half 2026) Immunology Inflammation Dupixent (dupilumab) (b) Antibody to IL-4R alpha subunit Asthma in pediatrics (2 5 years of age) Chronic pruritus of unknown origin ("CPUO") Lichen simplex chronicus CSU in pediatrics (2 11 years of age) (U.S., EU, and Japan) Bullous pemphigoid (EU and Japan) Allergic fungal rhinosinusitis ("AFRS") (U.S.) Approved by Japan's Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare ("MHLW") for asthma in pediatrics (6 11 years of age) Approved by MHLW for COPD Approved by FDA and EC for CSU in adults and adolescents Presented positive data from Phase 2/3 bullous pemphigoid trial at 2025 American Academy of Dermatology ("AAD") Annual Meeting Approved by FDA for bullous pemphigoid Reported that Phase 3 trial in AFRS met its primary and key secondary endpoints EC decision on regulatory submission for bullous pemphigoid (first half 2026) FDA decision on sBLA for AFRS (February 2026) Kevzara (sarilumab) (b) Antibody to IL-6R Systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis ("sJIA") (pivotal study) Approved by EC for pJIA Itepekimab (b) (REGN3500) Antibody to IL-33 Chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis ("CRSsNP") COPD (e) CRSwNP Reported that Phase 3 trial (AERIFY-1) in COPD met its primary endpoint; second Phase 3 trial (AERIFY-2) did not meet same primary endpoint 8 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Itepekimab (b) (REGN3500) (continued) Discontinued Phase 2 study in non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis ("NCFB") REGN5713-5715 Multi-antibody therapy to Bet v 1 Birch allergy Reported that Phase 3 trial in birch allergy met its primary and key secondary endpoints Initiated second Phase 3 trial in birch allergy REGN1908-1909 (f) Multi-antibody therapy to Fel d 1 Cat allergy Reported that Phase 3 trial in cat allergy met its primary and key secondary endpoints Initiate second Phase 3 study in cat allergy (first half 2026) Solid Organ Oncology Libtayo (cemiplimab) (g) Antibody to PD-1 Neoadjuvant CSCC First-line NSCLC, BNT116 (i) combination Neoadjuvant NSCLC Neoadjuvant hepatocellular carcinoma ("HCC") Early-stage CSCC (intralesional) Adjuvant CSCC (Japan) Approved by FDA and EC for adjuvant CSCC Reported positive data from Phase 3 trial in adjuvant CSCC; results presented at 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology ("ASCO") Annual Meeting and published in New England Journal of Medicine ("NEJM") Approved by MHLW for NSCLC, monotherapy and chemotherapy combination Reported positive five-year follow-up data from Phase 3 trial in combination with chemotherapy for NSCLC; results presented at IASLC 2025 World Conference on Lung Cancer ("WCLC") Fianlimab (f) (REGN3767) Antibody to LAG-3 First-line advanced NSCLC (Phase 2/3) Perioperative NSCLC First-line metastatic melanoma (e) Adjuvant melanoma Report results from Phase 3 study versus pembrolizumab in first-line metastatic melanoma (first half 2026) 9 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Fianlimab (f) (REGN3767) (continued) Perioperative melanoma Based on pre-planned interim analysis of two Phase 2/3 studies in first-line advanced NSCLC, Phase 2 portion of the studies will continue unchanged Report Phase 2 data in first-line advanced NSCLC (first half 2026) Vidutolimod Immune activator targeting TLR9 Ubamatamab (f) (REGN4018) Bispecific antibody targeting MUC16 and CD3 Ovarian cancer Presented additional data from Phase 2 study in platinum-resistant ovarian cancer at European Society for Medical Oncology ("ESMO") 2025 Meeting REGN5668 (p) Bispecific antibody targeting MUC16 and CD28 Ovarian cancer Nezastomig (REGN5678) Bispecific antibody targeting PSMA and CD28 Prostate cancer Reported additional data from study in prostate cancer at American Association for Cancer Research ("AACR") Annual Meeting Marlotamig (REGN7075) Bispecific antibody targeting EGFR and CD28 Solid tumors Davutamig (REGN5093) Bispecific antibody targeting two distinct MET epitopes MET-altered advanced NSCLC Hematology Pozelimab (f) (antibody to C5) + cemdisiran (l) (siRNA therapeutic targeting C5) Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria ("PNH") (c) Report results from Phase 3 study in PNH (fourth quarter 2026/first quarter 2027) Ordspono (odronextamab) Bispecific antibody targeting CD20 and CD3 B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma ("B-NHL") (pivotal study) Lymphoma (c)(e) (multiple lines and settings) FDA issued CRL for BLA for relapsed/refractory FL Lynozyfic (linvoseltamab) (f) Bispecific antibody targeting BCMA and CD3 Multiple myeloma precursor and related conditions Multiple myeloma (c)(e) (multiple lines and settings) Approved by FDA and EC for relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma Initiate additional Phase 3 studies in multiple myeloma and precursor conditions (2026) 10 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Lynozyfic (linvoseltamab) (f) (continued) Completed enrollment in Phase 3 confirmatory trial (LINKER-MM3) in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma Nexiguran ziclumeran (Nex-z, NTLA-2001) (j) TTR gene knockout using CRISPR/Cas9 Transthyretin amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy ("ATTR-CM") (c)(m) Hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis with polyneuropathy ("ATTRv-PN") (c)(m) Phase 3 ATTR-CM trial enrollment on FDA clinical hold REGN7508 Antibody to Factor XI (catalytic domain) Thrombosis Venous thromboembolism after total knee replacement surgery Initiate additional Phase 3 studies in anticoagulation (first half 2026) REGN9933 Antibody to Factor XI (A2 domain) Thrombosis Initiate Phase 3 studies in anticoagulation (first half 2026) REGN7257 Antibody to IL2Rg Discontinued study in aplastic anemia REGN7999 Antibody to TMPRSS6 Iron overload in beta-thalassemia Internal Medicine/Neurology/Rare Diseases Garetosmab (f) (REGN2477) Antibody to Activin A Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva ("FOP") (c)(d)(e) FOP (U.S. and EU) Reported that Phase 3 trial in FOP met its primary endpoint FDA decision on BLA and EC decision on Marketing Authorization Application ("MAA") for FOP (second half 2026) Cemdisiran (l) siRNA therapeutic targeting C5 Myasthenia gravis (c) Reported that Phase 3 trial in myasthenia gravis met its primary and key secondary endpoints Submit New Drug Application ("NDA") for myasthenia gravis (first quarter 2026) Mibavademab (f)(o) (REGN4461) Agonist antibody to leptin receptor ("LEPR") Functional hypothalamic amenorrhea Generalized lipodystrophy (c)(d)(e) Trevogrumab (f) (REGN1033) Antibody to myostatin (GDF8) Obesity (n) Reported 26-week results from Phase 2 study in obesity Report additional data from Phase 2 study in obesity (2026) 11 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2025 and 2026 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones REGN7544 Antagonist antibody to NPR1 Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome ("POTS") Sepsis-induced hypotension Rapirosiran (ALN-HSD) (k) RNAi therapeutic targeting HSD17B13 Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis ("MASH") ALN-ANG3 (k)(r) RNAi therapeutic targeting ANGPTL3 Diabetic kidney disease DB-OTO AAV-based gene therapy Hearing deficit due to variants of otoferlin gene (c)(e)(m) (Phase 1/2) (pivotal study) Hearing deficit due to variants of otoferlin gene (U.S.) Presented updated data from Phase 1/2 trial and published in NEJM FDA granted Commissioner's National Priority Voucher FDA decision on BLA for hearing deficit due to variants of otoferlin gene (first half 2026) 12 Table of Contents Note 1: For purposes of the table above, a program is classified in Phase 2 or 3 clinical development after recruitment for the corresponding study or studies has commenced Note 2: We have discontinued further clinical development of REGN5381, an agonist antibody to NPR1, which was previously being studied in heart failure and uncontrolled hypertension (a) In collaboration with Bayer outside the United States (b) In collaboration with Sanofi (c) FDA granted Orphan Drug designation for one or more indications (d) FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation for one or more indications (e) FDA granted Fast Track designation for one or more indications (f) Sanofi is entitled to receive royalties on sales of the product (g) Studied as monotherapy and in combination with other antibodies and treatments (h) Information in this column captures submissions to U.S., EU, and/or Japan regulatory authorities (i) BioNTech's BNT116 is an mRNA cancer vaccine (j) In collaboration with Intellia (k) Alnylam is entitled to receive royalties on sales of the product (l) Under the terms of our license agreement for cemdisiran, Alnylam is entitled to receive royalties on sales, as well as milestone payments (m) FDA granted Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy ("RMAT") designation for one or more indications (n) Studied in combination with semaglutide with and without garetosmab (o) A Phase 2 study, sponsored by Eli Lilly, is also ongoing and testing the combination of tirzepatide and mibavademab compared with tirzepatide alone in patients with obesity (p) Studied in combination with ubamatamab or fianlimab (q) Geographic atrophy also studied with cemdisiran monotherapy (r) Studied as monotherapy and in combination with Evkeeza (evinacumab) 13 Table of Contents Additional Information - Clinical Development Programs EYLEA HD In August 2025, the FDA extended the target action dates for the Company's FDA applications for EYLEA HD (pre-filled syringe, every-four-week dosing, and for the treatment of RVO). The delay resulted from observations from a July 2025 FDA general site inspection (not specific to EYLEA HD) at Catalent Indiana, LLC ("Catalent"), part of Novo Nordisk A/S, the manufacturing filler in the EYLEA HD BLA. The FDA extended the review periods after determining that the information submitted by the manufacturing filler in August 2025 to address the observations constituted a major amendment to each regulatory application. In October 2025, the Company was notified by Catalent that they received an official action indicated ("OAI") letter from the FDA citing unresolved issues related to a July 2025 FDA general site inspection. On October 27, 2025, the FDA issued a CRL for the pre-filled syringe sBLA. The sole approvability issue cited in the CRL relates to unresolved inspection findings at Catalent. In December 2025, the Company submitted a regulatory application seeking approval of the EYLEA HD pre-filled syringe using a new manufacturer. The application has been accepted for review, a standard pre-licensing inspection has been scheduled, and an FDA decision on the Company's filing is expected in the second quarter of 2026. In November 2025, the FDA approved EYLEA HD for the treatment of patients with RVO and for an every 4-week dosing option across approved indications. In addition, in December 2025, the FDA approved the addition of a new manufacturer to fill vials for EYLEA HD. Itepekimab In May 2025, the Company and Sanofi announced that a Phase 3 trial, AERIFY-1, in adults who were former smokers with inadequately controlled COPD met the primary endpoint of significantly reducing moderate or severe acute exacerbations by 27% compared to placebo at week 52, a clinically meaningful benefit. A second Phase 3 trial, AERIFY-2, did not meet the same primary endpoint, although a benefit was seen earlier in the trial. The safety profile of itepekimab observed in the Phase 3 trials was consistent with prior clinical trials. The Company and Sanofi are evaluating next steps. Fianlimab In April 2025, a pre-planned interim analysis was conducted on two ongoing Phase 2/3 studies evaluating the combination of fianlimab and cemiplimab in first-line advanced NSCLC. Due to limited follow-up, the Phase 2 portion of the studies will continue unchanged until additional data are available. The next analyses for these studies are expected in the first half of 2026, at which time a decision whether to advance to Phase 3 is expected to be made. No new safety signals were observed in either study. Ordspono (odronextamab) On July 30, 2025, the FDA issued a CRL for the BLA for odronextamab in relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma after two or more lines of systemic therapy, which was also impacted by the Catalent Indiana LLC site inspection (as described in the "EYLEA HD" section above). Descriptions of Marketed Products Studied in Additional Indications and Product Candidates in Late-Stage Clinical Development EYLEA HD (aflibercept) 8 mg EYLEA HD is a soluble fusion protein that acts as a vascular endothelial growth factor ("VEGF") inhibitor. Through a novel formulation, it is designed to deliver a concentrated dose of aflibercept to block VEGF-A and PLGF and inhibit the growth of new blood vessels and decrease vascular permeability to treat various retinal diseases, including wAMD, DME, DR, and RVO. Dupixent (dupilumab) Dupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits signaling of the IL-4 and IL-13 pathways, and is not an immunosuppressant. IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that play a major role in atopic dermatitis, asthma, CRSwNP, COPD, EoE, prurigo nodularis, CSU, bullous pemphigoid, and potentially other chronic allergic and inflammatory diseases. Kevzara (sarilumab) Kevzara is a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds specifically to the IL-6 receptor and inhibits IL-6-mediated signaling. IL-6 is an immune system protein produced in increased quantities in patients with inflammatory diseases such as RA and has been associated with disease activity, joint destruction, and other systemic problems. 14 Table of Contents Itepekimab Itepekimab is an investigational, fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits IL-33, a protein that is believed to play a key role in inflammation in COPD and CRSwNP. REGN5713-5715 REGN5713-5715 is an investigational combination of two fully human monoclonal antibodies designed to treat allergic inflammatory conditions caused by the allergen Bet v 1, which is the main allergen responsible for birch pollen allergies. Birch pollen allergy is one of the most common causes of seasonal allergies that occur in the spring, and is also believed to trigger "oral allergy syndrome" food reactions to related allergens found in nuts and fruits such as apples, pears, and cherries. REGN1908-1909 REGN1908-1909 is an investigational combination of two fully human monoclonal antibodies that is designed to specifically bind and block the Fel d 1 allergen, thus preventing it from binding and triggering the endogenous antibodies that cause allergies (i.e., immunoglobulin E antibodies). Cat allergy is primarily caused by exposure to Fel d 1, the major allergen in cat dander produced by all cats. Libtayo (cemiplimab) Libtayo is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 on T-cells. The PD-1/PD-L1 immune checkpoint pathway is a well-known mechanism by which cancers evade immune destruction. Regeneron is studying Libtayo as a monotherapy and in combination with either conventional or novel therapeutic approaches in various solid tumors and blood cancers. It is also being studied in combination with proprietary anti-cancer assets of other companies. Libtayo has also been approved by regulatory authorities in a number of cancer indications, including as a treatment for advanced NSCLC, BCC, CSCC, and cervical cancer, and as an adjuvant treatment for patients with CSCC with a high risk of recurrence after surgery and radiation. Fianlimab Fianlimab is an investigational, fully human monoclonal antibody targeting the immune checkpoint receptor LAG-3 on T-cells. In melanoma and NSCLC, LAG-3 expression in the tumor microenvironment may be associated with therapeutic resistance to PD-1 inhibitors. Fianlimab is being investigated in combination with Libtayo to determine whether concurrent blockade of LAG-3 and PD-1 can help overcome this resistance and release the brakes on T-cell activation. Pozelimab Pozelimab is a fully human monoclonal antibody designed to block complement factor C5 in order to treat diseases mediated by abnormal complement pathway activity, and is approved by the FDA for CHAPLE. Pozelimab is being studied in investigational combinations with an investigational small interfering RNA ("siRNA") therapy, cemdisiran, in PNH and geographic atrophy. Cemdisiran Cemdisiran is an investigational siRNA therapy that reduces circulating levels of C5. Cemdisiran, as a monotherapy and in combination with pozelimab (C5 antibody), is being evaluated in trials for complement-mediated disorders, including myasthenia gravis, PNH, and geographic atrophy. Ordspono (odronextamab) Ordspono is a bispecific monoclonal antibody designed to bridge CD20 on cancer cells with CD3-expressing T cells to facilitate local T-cell activation and cancer-cell killing. We are studying Ordspono in several types of B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma, including in frontline settings. 15 Table of Contents Lynozyfic (linvoseltamab) Lynozyfic is a bispecific monoclonal antibody designed to bind to CD3 while also binding and bridging T-cells to the BCMA protein on multiple myeloma cells. This may help to activate T-cells via their CD3 receptors and trigger targeted, T-cell mediated killing of multiple myeloma. Lynozyfic has been approved by regulatory authorities for relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma, and continues to be studied in multiple lines and settings of multiple myeloma. Nex-z Nex-z is an investigational CRISPR-based therapy to be systemically delivered to edit genes inside the human body and is being studied as a treatment for ATTR amyloidosis. ATTR amyloidosis is a progressive and fatal disorder resulting from deposition of insoluble amyloid fibrils into multiple organs and tissues leading to systemic failure. Delivered with in vivo technology, nex-z offers the possibility of halting and reversing the disease by driving a deep, consistent, and potentially lifelong reduction in transthyretin ("TTR") protein after a single dose. REGN7508 and REGN9933 We are advancing a robust factor XI program to assess two mechanistically-distinct antibodies, REGN7508 (catalytic domain) and/or REGN9933 (A2 domain), across a variety of indications. These two antibodies were prospectively designed to have distinct profiles with one designed to provide stronger anticoagulation and the other offering a lower risk of bleeding potentially allowing physicians to tailor anticoagulation therapy for patients with different risk profiles. Garetosmab Garetosmab is an investigational, fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to and neutralizes Activin A, which drives the abnormal bone formation that is the main pathology of the ultra-rare genetic disorder FOP. This abnormal bone formation in soft tissue outside of the normal skeleton, a process known as heterotopic ossification, leads to loss of mobility and premature death in FOP patients. Garetosmab is being investigated to determine whether it can help reduce and/or prevent the formation of heterotopic bone lesions by neutralizing the Activin A protein. Mibavademab Mibavademab is an investigational, fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to and activates the leptin receptor, which modulates the control of food intake, energy expenditure, and glucose/lipid metabolism. We are studying mibavademab as a potential treatment for generalized lipodystrophy. DB-OTO DB-OTO is an investigational cell-selective, dual AAV vector gene therapy designed to provide durable, physiological hearing to individuals with profound, congenital hearing loss caused by variants of the otoferlin gene. The treatment aims to deliver a working copy of the otoferlin gene to replace the non-functional otoferlin protein using a modified, non-pathogenic virus that is delivered via an infusion into the cochlea under general anesthesia (similar to the procedure used for cochlear implantation). In this gene therapy, the newly introduced otoferlin gene is under the control of a proprietary cell-specific Myo15 promoter, which is intended to restrict expression only to hair cells that normally express otoferlin. Other Programs Our preclinical research programs include the areas of oncology/immuno-oncology, angiogenesis, ophthalmology, metabolic and related diseases, muscle diseases and disorders, inflammation and immune diseases, bone and cartilage, pain and neurobiology, auditory conditions, enzyme replacement therapy, cardiovascular diseases, infectious diseases, and diseases related to aging. These preclinical research programs include both rare diseases and those involving broader populations. Research and Development Technologies Many proteins that play an important role in biology and disease are secreted by cells or located on the cell surface. Moreover, cells communicate through secreted factors and surface molecules. Our scientists have developed two different technologies to make protein therapeutics that potently and specifically block, activate, or inhibit the action of specific cell surface or secreted molecules. The first technology fuses receptor components to the constant region of an antibody molecule to make a class of drugs we call "Traps." EYLEA HD, EYLEA, ZALTRAP, and ARCALYST are drugs generated using our Trap technology. VelociSuite is our second technology platform, which is used for discovering, developing, and producing fully human antibodies that can address both secreted and cell-surface targets. We also leverage VelociSuite to produce new classes of bispecific antibodies, antibody-protein fusions, and antibody conjugates. Additionally, we use genetic medicine platforms as complementary approaches to these core technologies to potentially treat or cure diseases. 16 Table of Contents VelociSuite VelociSuite consists of VelocImmune , VelociGene , VelociMouse , VelociMab , Veloci-Bi , VelociT , VelociHum , and other related technologies. The VelocImmune mouse platform is utilized to produce fully human antibodies. VelocImmune was generated by leveraging our VelociGene technology (see below), in a process in which six megabases of mouse immunoglobulin gene loci were replaced, or "humanized," with corresponding human immunoglobulin gene loci. VelocImmune mice can be used efficiently to generate fully human antibodies to targets of therapeutic interest. VelocImmune and our entire VelociSuite offer the potential to increase the speed and efficiency through which human antibody therapeutics may be discovered and validated, thereby improving the overall efficiency of our early-stage drug development activities. We are utilizing the VelocImmune technology to produce our next generation of therapeutic antibody drug candidates for preclinical and clinical development. Our VelociGene platform allows custom and precise manipulation of very large sequences of DNA to produce highly customized alterations of a specified target gene, or genes, and accelerates the production of knock-out and transgenic expression models. In producing knock-out models, a color or fluorescent marker may be substituted in place of the actual gene sequence, allowing for high-resolution visualization of precisely where the gene is active in the body during normal body functioning as well as in disease processes. For the optimization of preclinical development and pharmacology programs, VelociGene offers the opportunity to humanize targets by replacing the mouse gene with the human homolog or variants thereof. Thus, VelociGene allows scientists to rapidly identify the physical and biological effects of deleting or over-expressing the target gene, as well as to characterize and test potential therapeutic molecules. Our VelociMouse technology platform allows for the direct and immediate generation of genetically altered mice from embryonic stem cells ("ES cells"), thereby avoiding the lengthy process involved in generating and breeding knockout mice from chimeras. Mice generated through this method are normal and healthy and exhibit a 100% germ-line transmission. Furthermore, mice developed using our VelociMouse technology are suitable for direct phenotyping or other studies. We have also developed our VelociMab platform for the rapid screening of antibodies and rapid generation of expression cell lines for our Traps and our VelocImmune human antibodies. We have utilized our VelociSuite technologies to develop a class of potential drug candidates, known as bispecific antibodies. Veloci-Bi allows for the generation of full-length bispecific antibodies similar to native antibodies that are amenable to production by standard antibody manufacturing techniques, and are likely to have favorable antibody-like pharmacokinetic properties. In the area of immunotherapies in oncology, we are exploring the use of bispecific antibodies that target tumor antigens and the CD3 receptor on T-cells to harness the oncolytic properties of T-cells. We are exploring additional indications and applications for our bispecific technologies, including CD28 and 4-1BB costimulatory bispecifics. We are also exploring a variety of alternative antibody formats (Altibodies ) that can bring binding partners together in restrained geometries. The VelociT mouse extends our research and drug discovery capabilities into cell-mediated immunity and therapeutic T-cell receptors ("TCRs") for oncology and other indications. VelociT was developed by using our VelociGene technology to humanize genes encoding TCR and TCR variable sequences, CD4 and CD8 co-receptors, 2m, and class-I and -II major histocompatibility complexes. As a result, VelociT mice can be utilized to produce fully human TCRs, providing for customized modeling of T-cell function in different diseases and a powerful platform for the discovery of unique TCR-based therapies. We are also able to produce antibodies that recognize intracellular peptides bound in the groove of human leukocyte antigen ("HLA"), enabling the targeting of intracellular proteins in cancer cells. VelociHum is our immunodeficient mouse platform that can be used to accurately test human therapeutics against human immune cells and to study human tumor models. Through genetic humanizations, VelociHum mice have been optimized to allow for better development of human immune cells in vivo , as well as to allow for engraftment of primary patient-derived tumors that do not take in other commercially available mice. 17 Table of Contents Regeneron Genetics Center Regeneron Genetics Center LLC (RGC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., leverages de-identified clinical, genomic, proteomic, and other types of molecular data from properly consented human volunteers from around the world to identify medically relevant associations in a blinded fashion designed to preserve a patient's privacy while uncovering the unique characteristics of their health and wellness. The objective of RGC is to expand the use of human genetics for discovering and validating genetic factors that cause or influence a range of diseases where there are major unmet medical needs, with the prospect of improving the drug discovery and development process and to advance innovation in clinical care design. RGC is undertaking multiple collaborative approaches to study design and implementation, including large population-based efforts that engage study participants to more discrete disease specific and founder populations with data on strategic phenotypes of interest. RGC utilizes laboratory automation and innovative approaches to cloud computing to achieve high-quality throughput, attaining over 3 million samples sequenced to date. In January 2025, it was announced that RGC was selected by UK Biobank consortium members to complete proteomic assay data generation for the UK Biobank Pharma Proteomics Project. In January 2025, RGC entered into an agreement with Truveta Inc. pursuant to which RGC will sequence exomes and conduct genotyping and imputation of up to ten million de-identified consented volunteers using biospecimens provided by Truveta health system members across the United States. In addition, central to the ongoing work of RGC is the portfolio of collaborations with over 150 academic and clinical collaborators around the world, including the University of Colorado, Geisinger Health System, Mayo Clinic, University of Pennsylvania, UCLA Medical Center, UK Biobank, University of Oxford, and the University of Cambridge. These collaborations provide access to biological samples and associated phenotype data from properly consented patient volunteers for purposes of genomic research. RGC undertakes genetic sequencing of these samples to create a unique resource of de-identified genetic data and associated phenotype data for research. Furthermore, RGC has deployed bulk RNA sequencing, whole genome sequencing, and an O-LINK proteomic assay to complement whole exome sequencing and genotyping. In addition, RGC leverages organoid models, siRNA, and CRISPR knockout models to validate genetic associations that lead to new therapeutic targets. RGC continues to publish results from its research efforts in journals and publications in partnership with its collaborators to advance the field of genomics. These efforts at RGC have led to the identification of more than 40 novel genetic targets. Through our Regeneron Genetics Medicines initiative, we are currently advancing many of these targets using either our VelociSuite technologies or other technologies, such as siRNA gene silencing, genome editing, and targeted viral-based gene delivery and expression. See the "Collaboration, License, and Other Agreements" section below for descriptions of our agreements with Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Collaboration, License, and Other Agreements Sanofi We are collaborating with Sanofi on the global development and commercialization of Dupixent, Kevzara, and itepekimab. Under the terms of the collaboration, Sanofi is generally responsible for funding 80% to 100% of agreed-upon development expenses as incurred. We are obligated to reimburse Sanofi for 30% to 50% of development expenses that were funded by Sanofi (i.e., "development balance") based on our share of collaboration profits; however, we are only required to apply 20% of our share of profits from the collaboration each calendar quarter to reimburse Sanofi for these development expenses. As of December 31, 2025, the total amount of our contingent reimbursement obligation to Sanofi in connection with the development balance was approximately $595 million. Under our collaboration agreement, Sanofi records product sales for commercialized products, and we have the right to co-commercialize such products on a country-by-country basis. We co-commercialize Dupixent in the United States and in certain countries outside the United States. We supply certain commercial bulk product to Sanofi. We and Sanofi equally share profits from sales within the United States, and share profits outside the United States on a sliding scale based on sales starting at 65% (Sanofi)/35% (us) and ending at 55% (Sanofi)/45% (us). Bayer We and Bayer are parties to a license and collaboration agreement for the global development and commercialization of EYLEA 8 mg and EYLEA outside the United States. Agreed-upon development expenses incurred by the Company and Bayer are generally shared equally. Bayer is responsible for commercialization activities outside the United States, and the companies share equally in profits from such sales. We are obligated to reimburse Bayer for 50% of the development expenses that it has incurred under the agreement from our share of the collaboration profits. The reimbursement payment in any quarter will equal 5% of the then outstanding repayment 18 Table of Contents obligation, but never more than our share of the collaboration profits in the quarter unless we elect to reimburse Bayer at a faster rate. Within the United States, we retain exclusive commercialization rights and are entitled to all profits from such sales. Alnylam We and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. are parties to a collaboration to discover, develop, and commercialize RNAi the rapeutics for a broad range of diseases by addressing therapeutic disease targets expressed in the eye and central nervous system, in addition to a select number of targets expressed in the liver. For each target nominated, we provide Alnylam with a specified amount of funding at program initiation and at lead candidate designation. Under the terms of the collaboration, the parties perform discovery research until designation of lead candidates. Following designation of a lead candidate, the parties may further advance such lead candidate under either a co-development and co-commercialization collaboration agreement ("Co-Co Collaboration Agreement") or a license agreement. The target nomination period of the collaboration agreement ends in May 2026. For CNS programs and liver programs, under a Co-Co Collaboration Agreement, the party designated as the lead party will lead development and commercialization of the program and the parties will split profits and share costs equally, subject to certain co-funding opt-outs at specified clinical trial phases or under other conditions. We have also entered into various license agreements with Alnylam, with us as the licensee, including for cemdisiran as a monotherapy and for a combination consisting of cemdisiran and pozelimab. Under a license agreement, the lead party is designated as the licensee and has the right to develop and commercialize the product under such program. The licensee will be responsible for its own expenses incurred. The licensee will pay to the licensor certain development and/or commercialization milestone payments, as well as tiered royalty payments to the licensor based on the aggregate annual sales of the product. Intellia We and Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. are parties to a license and collaboration agreement to advance CRISPR/Cas9 gene-editing technology for in vivo therapeutic development, including therapies focused on neurological and muscular diseases. We have the right to select targets under the license and collaboration agreement until April 2026. Intellia leads the design of the editing methodology, we lead the design of the targeted viral vector delivery approach, and the parties share costs. Each company has the opportunity to lead potential development and commercialization of product candidates for a target, and the company that is not leading development and commercialization will have the option to enter into a co-development and co-commercialization agreement for the target. Nex-z, which is in clinical development, is subject to a co-development and co-commercialization arrangement pursuant to which Intellia leads development activities and the parties share development expenses 75% (Intellia)/25% (us). If nex-z is commercialized, Intellia will lead commercialization activities and we will share in 25% of any profits or losses. Hansoh In July 2025, our license agreement with Hansoh Pharmaceuticals Group Company Limited to acquire development and commercial rights outside of mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau for HS-20094 (a dual GLP-1/GIP receptor agonist currently in Phase 3 clinical development in China) became effective. In-licensing a late-stage GLP-1/GIP agonist enables us to study combinations with our products and product candidates in order to address muscle loss and potentially other comorbidities of obesity, such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and liver conditions. Under the terms of the agreement, we made an $80.0 million up-front payment in July 2025. In addition, we are obligated to make additional payments upon achievement of development, regulatory, and sales milestones, as well as a low double-digit royalty on sales. Tessera In January 2026, our collaboration agreement with Tessera Therapeutics, Inc. to develop and commercialize TSRA-196 (Tessera's investigational program for the treatment of alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency ("AATD")) became effective. Tessera will lead the initial first-in-human trial, while we will lead subsequent global development and commercialization. The parties will share worldwide development expenses and, if commercialized, any future profits or losses equally. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company made aggregate payments of $150.0 million in January 2026, consisting of an up-front payment and the purchase of Tessera preferred stock. In addition, we are obligated to make additional payments upon achievement of certain development milestones. 19 Table of Contents Manufacturing We currently manufacture bulk drug materials and products at our manufacturing facilities in Rensselaer, New York and Limerick, Ireland. These facilities consist of owned and leased manufacturing, office, laboratory, and warehouse space. In addition, we have constructed a fill/finish facility in Rensselaer, New York that is undergoing process validation and has yet to be approved for commercial production. We currently have approximately 100,000 liters of cell culture capacity at our Rensselaer facility and approximately 120,000 liters of cell culture capacity at our Limerick facility. Each of these facilities is approved by the FDA and certain other regulatory agencies to manufacture our bulk drug materials and products. Certain bulk drug materials and products are also manufactured by our collaborators, and certain raw materials or products necessary for the manufacture and formulation of our products and product candidates are provided by single-source unaffiliated third-party suppliers. In addition, we rely on our collaborators or third parties to perform packaging, filling, finishing, labeling, distribution, laboratory testing, and other services related to the manufacture of our products and product candidates. See Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Manufacturing and Supply" for further information. Among the conditions for marketing approval of a new drug or biologic product is the requirement that the prospective manufacturer's quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to the good manufacturing practice ("GMP") regulations of the health authority. In complying with standards set forth in these regulations, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the areas of production and quality control to ensure full technical compliance. Manufacturing establishments, both foreign and domestic, are also subject to inspections by or under the authority of the FDA and by other national, federal, state, and local agencies. Commercial We commercialize our products both in the United States and other countries through our commercial group, which includes experienced professionals in the fields of marketing, sales, professional education, patient education, reimbursement and market access, trade and distribution, commercial operations, commercial analytics, and market research. In addition, we also co-commercialize certain products sold by our collaborators in the United States and other countries. We sell our marketed products primarily to wholesalers, specialty distributors, pharmacies, hospitals, government agencies, physicians, and other healthcare providers. We promote approved medicines to healthcare professionals via our team of field employees, as well as medical journals, medical exhibitions, distribution of literature and samples, and online channels. In addition, we advertise certain products directly to consumers and maintain websites with information about our medicines. The commercial group also evaluates opportunities for our targets and product candidates and prepares for market launches of new medicines. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we had sales to two customers that each accounted for more than 10% of total gross product revenue. On a combined basis, our product sales to these customers accounted for 77% of our total gross product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. Competition We face substantial competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our ability to compete depends, to a great extent, on how fast we can develop safe and effective product candidates, complete clinical testing and approval processes, and supply commercial quantities of the product to the market. Competition among products approved for sale is based on efficacy, safety, reliability, ease of administration, dosing frequency, availability, price, patent and other intellectual property position, and other factors. Marketed Products The table below provides an overview of the current competitive landscape for key products marketed by us and/or our collaborators in such products' currently approved indications. The table below is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not exhaustive. For additional information regarding the substantial competition these marketed products face, including potential future competition from product candidates in clinical development, see also Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Marketed Products, Product Candidates, and New Indications for Our Marketed Products - The commercial success of our products and product candidates is subject to significant competition. " 20 Table of Contents Marketed Product Competitor Product Competitor Indication Territory (a) EYLEA HD and EYLEA (b) Branded Competitor Products Vabysmo (faricimab-svoa) Genentech/Roche wAMD, DME, RVO, and choroidal neovascularization ("CNV") with angioid streaks United States, EU, Japan Avastin (bevacizumab) Genentech/Roche wAMD, DME, and RVO (for each used off-label and repackaged) United States, EU, Japan Lucentis (ranibizumab injection) Novartis AG and Genentech/Roche wAMD, DME, RVO, DR, CNV, and ROP United States, EU, Japan Lytenava (bevacizumab gamma) Outlook Therapeutics, Inc. wAMD EU Susvimo (ranibizumab ocular implant) Genentech/Roche wAMD, DME, DR United States Beovu (brolucizumab) Injection Novartis AG wAMD, DME United States, EU, Japan Ozurdex (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) Allergan/AbbVie Inc. DME, RVO United States, EU, Japan Iluvien (fluocinolone acetonide intravitreal implant) Alimera Sciences, Inc. DME United States, EU Biosimilar Competitor Products Pavblu (aflibercept-ayyh) (biosimilar referencing EYLEA) Amgen Inc. wAMD, DME, RVO, and DR United States, EU (c) Afqlir (aflibercept) (biosimilar referencing EYLEA) Sandoz wAMD, DME, RVO, and mCNV EU (c) Eiyzey (aflibercept) (biosimilar referencing EYLEA) Sam Chun Dang wAMD, DME, RVO, and mCNV EU (c) Byooviz (ranibizumab-nuna) (biosimilar referencing Lucentis) Samsung Bioepis Co., Ltd. and Harrow, Inc. wAMD, DME, RVO, DR, and CNV United States, EU, Japan Ximluci (ranibizumab) (biosimilar referencing Lucentis) Xbrane Biopharma AB and STADA Arzneimittel AG wAMD, DME, RVO, proliferative DR, and CNV EU Cimerli (ranibizumab-eqrn) (biosimilar referencing Lucentis) Formycon AG, Bioeq AG, Sandoz, and Teva Ltd. wAMD, DME, RVO, DR, and CNV United States, EU Nufymco (ranibizumab-leyk) (biosimilar referencing Lucentis) Formycon AG, Bioeq AG, and Zydus Lifesciences Limited wAMD, DME, RVO, DR, and mCNV United States Dupixent Ebglyss (lebrikizumab) Almirall S.A., Eli Lilly and Company Moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis United States, EU, Japan Rinvoq (upadacitinib) AbbVie Moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis United States, EU, Japan Nemluvio /Mitchga (nemolizumab) Galderma; Maruho Co., Ltd./Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, pruritus associated with atopic dermatitis, prurigo nodularis United States, EU, Japan 21 Table of Contents Marketed Product (continued) Competitor Product Competitor Indication Territory (a) Dupixent (continued) Adbry /Adtralza (tralokinumab) LEO Pharma Inc. Moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis United States, EU, Japan Cibinqo (abrocitinib) Pfizer Moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis United States, EU, Japan Tezspire (tezepelumab-ekko) AstraZeneca/Amgen Asthma, nasal polyps United States, EU, Japan Fasenra (benralizumab) AstraZeneca Asthma United States, EU, Japan Nucala (mepolizumab) GlaxoSmithKline ("GSK") Asthma, nasal polyps, COPD United States, EU, Japan Exdensur (depemokimab) GSK Asthma, CRSwNP United States, Japan Xolair (omalizumab) Roche/Novartis Asthma, nasal polyps, CSU United States, EU, Japan Omlyclo (biosimilar referencing Xolair) Celltrion Asthma, nasal polyps, CSU United States, EU Rhapsido Novartis AG CSU United States Libtayo Keytruda (pembrolizumab) Merck Co., Inc. Various cancers United States, EU, Japan Opdivo (nivolumab) Bristol-Myers Squibb Various cancers United States, EU, Japan Tecentriq (atezolizumab) Roche Various cancers United States, EU, Japan Imfinzi (durvalumab) AstraZeneca Various cancers United States, EU, Japan Bavencio (avelumab) Pfizer/Merck KGaA Various cancers United States, EU, Japan Jemperli (dostarlimab) GSK Various cancers United States, EU Unloxcyt (cosibelimab) Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc. CSCC United States (a) Except as noted in footnote (b) below, this table focuses on products that have received marketing approval in one or more of the specified indications in the United States, EU, and/or Japan. Certain products listed in this table have also received marketing approval in countries outside the United States, EU, and Japan. (b) In addition to the products listed in this table, certain other biosimilar products referencing EYLEA have received marketing approval in the United States, EU, and/or Japan but have not yet launched in such jurisdictions. The timing of any launch of these biosimilar products will depend on, among other factors, the outcome of the pending patent litigation proceedings and the settlement terms of the previously pending litigation proceedings described in Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements and the expiration of the patents protecting EYLEA (including those set forth under "Patents, Trademarks, and Trade Secrets" below). (c) This product has launched in one or more countries in the EU Product Candidates Our late-stage and earlier-stage clinical candidates (including those being developed pursuant to agreements with our collaborators) face competition from many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. For example, we are aware of other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies actively engaged in the research and development of antibody-based products (including bispecific antibodies, multispecific antibodies, and/or antibody-drug conjugates) and gene therapy-based products against targets that are also the targets of our early- and late-stage product candidates. These companies are using various technologies in competition with our VelocImmune technology and our other antibody generation technologies, including their own antibody generation technologies and other approaches such as RNAi, chimeric antigen receptor T ("CAR-T") cell, and gene therapy technologies. We are also aware of other companies developing or marketing small molecules that may compete with our antibody product candidates in various indications, if such product candidates obtain regulatory approval in those indications. For additional information regarding our product candidates (including those being developed in collaboration with our collaborators) and the substantial competition they face, see also Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Marketed Products, Product Candidates, and New Indications for Our Marketed Products - The commercial success of our products and product candidates is subject to significant competition ." 22 Table of Contents Other Areas Many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are attempting to discover new therapeutics for indications in which we invest substantial time and resources. In these and related areas, intellectual property rights have been sought and certain rights have been granted to competitors and potential competitors of ours, and we may be at a substantial competitive disadvantage in such areas as a result of, among other things, our inferior intellectual property position or lack of experience, trained personnel, and expertise. A number of corporate and academic competitors are involved in the discovery and development of novel therapeutics that are the focus of other research or development programs we are now conducting. Some of these competitors are currently conducting advanced preclinical and clinical research programs in these areas. These and other competitors also may have established substantial intellectual property and other competitive advantages. If any of these or other competitors announces a successful clinical study involving a product that may be competitive with one of our product candidates or the grant of marketing approval by a regulatory agency for a competitive product, such developments may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, cash flows, or future prospects. We also compete with academic institutions, governmental agencies, and other public or private research organizations, which conduct research, seek patent and other intellectual property protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for the development and marketing of products that would provide royalties or other consideration for use of their technology. These institutions have become more active in seeking patent and other intellectual property protection and licensing arrangements to collect royalties or other consideration for use of the technology they have developed. Products developed in this manner may compete directly with products we develop. We also compete with others in acquiring technology from these institutions, agencies, and organizations. Patents, Trademarks, and Trade Secrets We rely on a combination of intellectual property laws, including patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain patents, maintain trade secret protection, and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties (see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Market Exclusivity - We may be restricted in our development, manufacturing, and/or commercialization activities by patents or other proprietary rights of others, and could be subject to awards of damages if we are found to have infringed such patents or rights "; and Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). Our policy is to file patent applications to protect technology, inventions, and improvements that we consider important to our business and operations. We hold an ownership interest in a number of issued patents in the United States and other countries with respect to our products and technologies. In addition, we hold an ownership interest in thousands of patent applications in the United States and other countries. Our patent portfolio includes granted patents and pending patent applications covering our VelociSuite technologies, including our VelocImmune mouse platform (used to generate fully human antibodies). Patent protection for certain of our VelociSuite technologies extends to 2042 based on remaining issued patents, and we continue to file new patent applications directed to improvements to these technology platforms. Our patent portfolio also includes issued patents and pending applications relating to commercialized products and our product candidates in clinical development. These patents cover, among other things, proteins, DNA and RNA molecules, manufacturing patents, method of use patents, and pharmaceutical compositions and formulations. The following table describes our U.S. patents, European patents ("EP"), and Japanese patents ("JP") that are of particular relevance to key products marketed or otherwise commercialized by us and/or our collaborators. The noted expiration dates include any patent term adjustments, and certain of these patents may also be entitled to term extensions. We continue to pursue additional patents and patent term extensions in the United States and other jurisdictions covering various aspects of our products that may, if issued, extend exclusivity beyond the expiration of the patents listed in the table below. One or more patents with the same or earlier expiry date may fall under the same "general subject matter class" for certain products and may not be separately listed. We also own various patents with claims relating to methods of making, formulating, and/or using the active molecules contained within our key products, but that do not cover indications, methods of use or processes currently approved by regulatory agencies or used by us and/or our collaborators. Such patents are not listed in the following table. Product Molecule Territory Patent No. General Subject Matter Class Expiration EYLEA HD aflibercept (8 mg) US 11,066,458 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 11,084,865 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 11,103,552 Formulation May 15, 2039 23 Table of Contents Product (continued) Molecule Territory Patent No. General Subject Matter Class Expiration EYLEA HD (continued) US 10,828,345 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 US 12,168,036 Methods of Treatment May 10, 2039 EP 4,185,318 Methods of Treatment May 16, 2042 JP 7,235,770 Formulation March 30, 2040 EYLEA (a) aflibercept (2 mg) US 8,092,803 Formulation June 21, 2027 US 11,066,458 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 11,084,865 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 11,732,024 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 12,331,099 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 10,828,345 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 US 11,559,564 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 US 11,707,506 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 US 11,730,794 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 US 11,986,511 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 EP 2364691 Formulation June 14, 2027 EP 2944306 Formulation June 14, 2027 (b) EP 2944306 Formulation (Supplementary Protection Certificate) (May 25, 2028) (b) JP 5,216,002 Formulation February 27, 2028 October 1, 2029 (d) JP 7,733,706 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 Dupixent dupilumab US 7,608,693 Composition of Matter March 28, 2031 (e) US 8,735,095 Composition of Matter October 2, 2027 US 8,945,559 Formulation October 17, 2032 US 9,238,692 Formulation October 5, 2031 US 10,435,473 Formulation October 5, 2031 US 11,059,896 Formulation October 5, 2031 US 11,926,670 Formulation October 5, 2031 US 8,075,887 Methods of Treatment April 17, 2028 US 8,337,839 Methods of Treatment October 2, 2027 US 9,290,574 Methods of Treatment July 10, 2034 US 9,574,004 Methods of Treatment December 22, 2033 US 10,066,017 Methods of Treatment January 21, 2036 US 10,730,948 Methods of Treatment July 10, 2034 US 11,421,036 Methods of Treatment July 10, 2034 US 10,137,193 Methods of Treatment March 18, 2036 US 10,485,844 Methods of Treatment September 21, 2037 US 10,059,771 Methods of Treatment June 20, 2034 US 11,214,621 Methods of Treatment January 21, 2036 US 11,167,004 Methods of Treatment September 21, 2037 US 11,034,768 Methods of Treatment March 28, 2039 US 11,292,847 Methods of Treatment May 10, 2039 US 11,845,800 Methods of Treatment December 22, 2033 US 12,090,201 Methods of Treatment February 3, 2043 US 12,291,571 Methods of Treatment December 25, 2034 US 12,398,212 Methods of Treatment July 5, 2042 24 Table of Contents Product (continued) Molecule Territory Patent No. General Subject Matter Class Expiration Dupixent (continued) EP 2356151 Composition of Matter October 27, 2029 (b) EP 2356151 Composition of Matter (Supplementary Protection Certificate) (September 28, 2032) (b )/(March 28, 2033) (c) EP 3715372 Composition of Matter October 27, 2029 EP 3010539 Methods of Treatment June 20, 2034 EP 2888281 Methods of Treatment August 20, 2033 EP 3064511 Methods of Treatment October 27, 2029 EP 3107575 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 EP 3019191 Methods of Treatment July 10, 2034 EP 3703818 Methods of Treatment October 29, 2038 EP 4011915 Methods of Treatment August 20, 2033 EP 3515465 Methods of Treatment September 21, 2037 EP 3613432 Methods of Treatment June 20, 2034 EP 3973987 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 EP 4374919 Methods of Treatment September 4, 2033 EP 2624865 Formulation October 5, 2031 EP 3354280 Formulation October 5, 2031 JP 5,291,802 Composition of Matter October 27, 2029 October 27, 2034 (d) JP 7,100,731 Composition of Matter October 27, 2029 JP 5,918,246 Formulation October 5, 2031 September 14, 2035 (d) JP 6,231,605 Formulation October 5, 2031 March 3, 2034 JP 6,396,565 Formulation October 5, 2031 October 5, 2036 JP 5,844,772 Methods of Treatment October 27, 2029 February 22, 2034 JP 6,306,588 Methods of Treatment August 20, 2033 August 29, 2034 (d) JP 6,353,838 Methods of Treatment September 4, 2033 JP 6,637,113 Methods of Treatment September 4, 2033 JP 6,673,840 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 JP 6,463,351 Methods of Treatment June 20, 2034 September 2, 2035 (d) JP 6,640,977 Methods of Treatment June 20, 2034 September 6, 2034 JP 6,861,630 Methods of Treatment November 13, 2035 JP 6,893,265 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 JP 6,898,421 Methods of Treatment June 20, 2034 JP 6,901,545 Methods of Treatment September 4, 2033 JP 6,923,594 Methods of Treatment August 20, 2033 JP 7,164,530 Methods of Treatment September 21, 2037 JP 7,216,122 Methods of Treatment November 13, 2035 JP 7,216,157 Methods of Treatment August 20, 2033 JP 7,256,231 Methods of Treatment September 4, 2033 JP 7,315,545 Methods of Treatment October 29, 2038 JP 7,343,547 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 25 Table of Contents Product (continued) Molecule Territory Patent No. General Subject Matter Class Expiration Dupixent (continued) JP 7,609,901 Methods of Treatment August 20, 2033 JP 7,630,012 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 JP 7,736,667 Methods of Treatment August 5, 2040 Libtayo cemiplimab US 9,987,500 Composition of Matter September 18, 2035 US 10,737,113 Composition of Matter April 10, 2035 US 11,603,407 Formulation March 21, 2038 US 10,457,725 Methods of Treatment May 12, 2037 US 11,292,842 Methods of Treatment July 18, 2038 US 11,505,600 Methods of Treatment July 2, 2038 US 11,926,668 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2038 EP 3097119 Composition of Matter January 23, 2035 EP 3606504 Formulation March 23, 2038 EP 4249512 Formulation March 23, 2038 EP 3455258 Methods of Treatment May 12, 2037 EP 3932951 Methods of Treatment May 12, 2037 JP 6,425,730 Composition of Matter January 23, 2035 March 15, 2039 (d) JP 6,711,883 Composition of Matter January 23, 2035 August 13, 2037 (d) JP 7,174,009 Composition of Matter January 23, 2035 March 9, 2035 (d) JP 7,562,606 Composition of Matter January 23, 2035 JP 7,229,171 Formulation March 23, 2038 JP 7,240,512 Methods of Treatment May 25, 2041 JP 7,324,710 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2038 JP 7,384,949 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2038 JP 7,656,012 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2038 (a) See Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding inter partes review and post-grant review petitions filed in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and patent infringement proceedings relating to EYLEA (b) Supplementary protection certificates ("SPCs") are pending or have been granted in various European countries, extending the original patent terms in those countries, where granted, to the applicable dates indicated in parentheses (c) SPC term extensions are pending or have been granted in various European countries based on the completion of a pediatric investigation program, extending the term of the SPC in those countries, where granted, an additional 6 months to the applicable dates indicated in parentheses (d) The patent term extension ("PTE") system in Japan allows for a patent to be extended more than once provided the later approval is directed to a different indication from that of the previous approval. This may result in multiple PTE approvals for a given patent, each with its own expiration date. In this table, date ranges are shown for the expiration of Japanese patents for which multiple PTEs have been granted, with the later date indicating the latest expiring PTE for the corresponding patent. (e) A patent term extension has been granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, extending the original patent term (October 2, 2027), insofar as it covers Dupixent, to March 28, 2031 In addition to our patent portfolio, in the United States and certain other countries, our competitive position may be enhanced due to the availability of market exclusivity under relevant law (for additional information regarding market exclusivity, see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Market Exclusivity - Loss or limitation of patent rights, and regulatory pathways for biosimilar competition, have in the past reduced and could reduce in the future the duration of market exclusivity for our products "). The effect of expiration of a patent relating to a particular product also depends upon other factors, such as the nature of the market and the position of the product in it, the growth of the market, the complexities and economics of the process for manufacture of the active ingredient of the product, and the requirements of new drug provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or similar laws and regulations in other countries. We also are the nonexclusive licensee of a number of additional patents and patent applications. These include a license agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb, E. R. Squibb Sons, L.L.C., and Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. to obtain a license under 26 Table of Contents certain patents owned and/or exclusively licensed by one or more of these parties that includes the right to develop and sell Libtayo. Under the agreement, we paid royalties of 8.0% on worldwide sales of Libtayo through December 31, 2023, and are obligated to pay royalties of 2.5% from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026. Patent law relating to the patentability and scope of claims in the biotechnology field is evolving and our patent rights are subject to this additional uncertainty. The degree of patent protection that will be afforded to our products in the United States and other important commercial markets is uncertain and is dependent upon the scope of protection decided upon by the patent offices, courts, and governments in these countries. There is no certainty that our existing patents or others, if obtained, will provide us protection from competition or provide commercial benefit. Others may independently develop similar products or processes to those developed by us, duplicate any of our products or processes or, if patents are issued to us, design around any products and processes covered by our patents. We expect to continue, when appropriate, to file product and process applications with respect to our inventions. However, we may not file any such applications or, if filed, the patents may not be issued. Patents issued to or licensed by us may be infringed by the products or processes of others. We seek to file and maintain trademarks around the world based on commercial activities in most jurisdictions where we have, or desire to have, a business presence for a particular product or service. Trademark protection varies in accordance with local law, and continues in some countries as long as the trademark is used and in other countries as long as the trademark is registered. Trademark registrations generally are for fixed but renewable terms. Defense and enforcement of our intellectual property rights is expensive and time consuming, even if the outcome is favorable to us. It is possible that patents issued or licensed to us will be successfully challenged, that a court may find that we are infringing validly issued patents of third parties, or that we may have to alter or discontinue the development of our products or pay licensing fees to take into account patent rights of third parties (see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Market Exclusivity - We may be restricted in our development, manufacturing, and/or commercialization activities by patents or other proprietary rights of others, and could be subject to awards of damages if we are found to have infringed such patents or rights "; and Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). Government Regulation Regulation by government authorities in the United States and other countries is a significant factor in the research, development, manufacture, and marketing of our products and our product candidates. A summary of the primary areas of government regulation that are relevant to our business is provided below. For a description of material regulatory risks we face, also refer to Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors." Preclinical Requirements The activities required before a product candidate may be marketed in the United States or elsewhere begin with preclinical tests. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations of, among other things, product chemistry and formulation and toxicological and pharmacological studies in animal species to assess the toxicity and dosing of the product candidate. In the United States, certain preclinical trials must comply with the FDA's Good Laboratory Practice requirements ("GLPs") and the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Animal Welfare Act. The results of these studies must be submitted to the FDA or the relevant regulatory authority outside the United States as part of an IND or other clinical trial application (as applicable), which must be reviewed by the FDA or the relevant government authority before proposed clinical testing can begin in the applicable country or jurisdiction. In the United States, unless the FDA raises concerns, the IND becomes effective 30 days following its receipt by the FDA, and the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. The FDA or other regulatory authorities may ask for additional data in order to begin a clinical trial. Rules that are equivalent in scope but which vary in application apply in other countries. 27 Table of Contents Product Approval All of our product candidates require regulatory approval by relevant government authorities before they can be commercialized. In particular, human therapeutic products are subject to rigorous preclinical and clinical trials and other pre-market approval requirements by the FDA, European Medicines Agency ("EMA"), and regulatory authorities of other jurisdictions. The structure and substance of the FDA and other countries' pharmaceutical regulatory practices may evolve over time. The ultimate outcome and impact of such developments cannot be predicted. Clinical trials involve the administration of a drug or biologic to healthy human volunteers or to patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. The conduct of clinical trials is subject to extensive regulation, including compliance with the FDA's bioresearch monitoring regulations and Good Clinical Practice requirements ("GCPs"), which establish standards for recruiting for, conducting, recording data from, and reporting the results of, clinical trials, and are intended to assure that the data and reported results are credible, representative, and accurate, and that the rights, safety, and well-being of study participants are protected. Clinical trials must be conducted under protocols that detail the study objectives, parameters for monitoring safety, and the efficacy criteria, if any, to be evaluated. In addition, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by, and conducted under the auspices of, an Institutional Review Board ("IRB") for each clinical site within the United States or, where applicable, an Ethics Committee and/or the competent authority for clinical sites outside the United States. Companies sponsoring the clinical trials, investigators, and IRBs/Ethics Committees also must comply with, as applicable, regulations and guidelines for obtaining informed consent from the study patients, following the protocol and investigational plan, adequately monitoring the clinical trial, and timely reporting of adverse events. Foreign studies conducted under an IND must meet the same requirements that apply to studies being conducted in the United States. Data from a foreign study not conducted under an IND generally may be submitted in support of an application for marketing approval if the study was conducted in accordance with GCPs and the FDA is able to validate the data. The sponsor of a clinical trial or the sponsor's designated responsible party may be required to register certain information about the trial and disclose certain results on government or independent registry websites, such as clinicaltrials.gov. Typically, clinical testing involves a three-phase process, which may overlap or be subdivided in some cases. Phase 1 trials are usually conducted with a small number of healthy volunteers to determine the early safety profile, metabolism, and pharmacological actions of the product candidate, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence of effectiveness. Although Phase 1 trials are typically conducted in healthy human subjects, in some instances, the trial subjects are patients with the targeted disease or condition. Phase 2 clinical trials are conducted with a relatively small sample of the intended patient population to provide enough data to evaluate the preliminary safety, tolerability, and efficacy of different potential doses of the product candidate. Phase 3 clinical trials are larger trials conducted with patients with the target disease or disorder intended to gather additional information about dosage, safety, and effectiveness necessary to evaluate the drug's or biologic's overall risk-benefit profile. Phase 3 data often form the core basis on which the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities evaluate a product candidate's safety and effectiveness when considering the product application for regulatory approval. If concerns arise about the safety of the product candidate, the FDA or other regulatory authorities can stop clinical trials by placing them on a "clinical hold" pending receipt of additional data, which can result in a delay or termination of a clinical development program. The sponsoring company, the FDA or other regulatory authorities, or the IRB or Ethics Committee and competent authority may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. The results of the preclinical and clinical testing of a drug or biologic product candidate are then submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA for a drug or a BLA for a biologic for evaluation to determine whether the product candidate may be approved for commercial sale under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or Public Health Service Act. When an NDA or BLA is submitted, the FDA makes an initial determination as to whether the application is sufficiently complete to be accepted for review. If the application is not, the FDA may refuse to accept the application for filing and request additional information. A refusal to file, which requires resubmission of the NDA or BLA with the requested additional information, delays review of the application. If the application is accepted for review, the FDA reviews the application to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe and effective for its intended use and whether the manufacturing controls are adequate to assure and preserve the product's identity, strength, quality, and purity. FDA performance goals generally provide for action on an NDA or BLA within 10 months of the 60-day filing date (or within 12 months of the application submission). That deadline can be extended by FDA under certain circumstances, including by the FDA's requests for additional information. The targeted action date can be 6 months after the 60-day filing date (or 8 months after application submission) for product candidates that are granted priority review designation because they are intended to treat serious or life-threatening conditions and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs. The FDA has other programs to expedite development and review of product candidates that address serious or life-threatening conditions. For some applications, the FDA may convene an advisory committee to seek insights and recommendations on issues relevant to approval of the application. Although the FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, the agency 28 Table of Contents considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. Before approving a new drug or biologic product, the FDA also requires that the facilities at which the product will be manufactured or advanced through the supply chain be in compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, requirements and regulations governing, among other things, the manufacture, shipment, and storage of the product. The FDA will typically inspect such facilities for compliance with these requirements and regulations prior to approving a marketing application. The FDA also can audit the sponsor of the NDA or BLA to determine if the clinical studies were conducted in compliance with current GCPs. After review of an NDA or BLA, the FDA may grant marketing approval, request additional information, or issue a CRL outlining the deficiencies in the submission. The CRL may require additional testing or information, including additional preclinical or clinical data, for the FDA to reconsider the application. Even if such additional information and data are submitted, the FDA may decide that the application still does not meet the standards for approval. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than the sponsor. If FDA grants approval, an approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product candidate with specific prescribing information for specific indications. Any approval required by the FDA for any of our product candidates may not be obtained on a timely basis, or at all. The designation of a clinical trial as being of a particular phase is not necessarily indicative that such a trial will be sufficient to satisfy the parameters of a particular phase, and a clinical trial may contain elements of more than one phase notwithstanding the designation of the trial as being of a particular phase. The results of preclinical studies or early-stage clinical trials may not predict long-term safety or efficacy of our compounds when they are tested or used more broadly in humans. Additionally, as a condition of approval, the FDA may impose restrictions that could affect the commercial prospects of a product and increase our costs, such as a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy ("REMS") to mitigate certain specific safety risks, and/or post-approval commitments or requirements to conduct additional clinical trials or non-clinical studies or to conduct surveillance programs to monitor the product's effects. Approval of a product candidate by comparable regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside the United States is generally required prior to commencement of marketing of the product in those jurisdictions. The approval procedure varies among jurisdictions and may involve different or additional testing, and the time required to obtain such approval may differ from that required for FDA approval. Approval by a regulatory authority in one jurisdiction does not guarantee approval by comparable regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In the European Economic Area ("EEA") (which is comprised of 27 Member States of the EU plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein), medicinal products can only be commercialized after a related Marketing Authorization has been granted. Marketing authorization for certain drugs and biologics (including medicinal products that are derived from biotechnology processes) that contain a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases (such as cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, or autoimmune and other immune dysfunctions) or that are designated orphan medicines must be obtained through a centralized procedure, which allows a company to submit a single application to the EMA. If a related positive opinion is provided by the EMA, the EC will grant a centralized marketing authorization that is valid in the EEA. In many jurisdictions, pediatric data or an approved Pediatric Investigation Plan ("PIP"), or a waiver of such studies, is required to have been approved by regulatory authorities prior to submission of a marketing application. In some EU countries, we may also be required to have an approved PIP before we can begin enrolling pediatric patients in a clinical trial. In the United States, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act ("PREA"), certain applications for approval must include an assessment, generally based on clinical study data, of the safety and effectiveness of the subject product in relevant pediatric populations, unless a waiver or deferral is granted. However, a pediatric study plan is not required for orphan products and the timing of the submission is subject to negotiation with FDA, but such plan cannot be submitted later than submission of an application for marketing approval. Various federal, state, and foreign statutes and regulations also govern or influence the research, manufacture, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping, marketing, transport, and other aspects of developing and commercializing pharmaceutical product candidates. The lengthy process of seeking these approvals and the compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us or our collaborators or licensees to obtain, or any delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could adversely affect the manufacturing or marketing of our products and our ability to receive product or royalty revenue. For additional information regarding U.S. and foreign regulatory approval processes and requirements, see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Maintaining Approval of Our Marketed Products and the Development and Obtaining Approval of Our Product Candidates and New Indications for Our Marketed Products - Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for drug and biologic products is costly, time-consuming, and highly uncertain. If we or our collaborators do not maintain regulatory approval for our marketed products, or obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will not be able to market or sell them; and if we do not obtain approvals for new indications for our marketed products, we may not be able to realize the full commercial potential of such products. Any of the foregoing may materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. " 29 Table of Contents Post-Approval Regulation The FDA and comparable regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions may also require us to conduct additional clinical trials or to make certain changes related to a product after granting approval of the product. The FDA has the explicit authority to require postmarketing studies (also referred to as post-approval studies) and labeling changes based on new safety information and may impose and enforce a REMS at the time of approval or after the product is on the market. Post-approval modifications to the drug or biologic, such as changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, may require a sponsor to develop additional data or conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, to be submitted in a new or supplemental NDA or BLA, which would require FDA approval. Following approval, the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities outside the United States regulate the marketing and promotion of our products, which must comply with the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and applicable FDA regulations and standards thereunder and equivalent foreign laws. The review of promotional activities by the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities outside the United States includes, but is not limited to, healthcare provider-directed and direct-to-consumer advertising, communications regarding unapproved uses, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, promotional activities involving the Internet, and sales representatives' communications. FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities' regulations impose restrictions on manufacturers' communications regarding unapproved uses, but under certain conditions manufacturers may engage in non-promotional, balanced, scientific communication regarding such use. Failure to comply with applicable FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities' requirements and restrictions in this area may subject a company to adverse publicity and enforcement action by the FDA, the Department of Justice, or the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, as well as state authorities and comparable regulatory authorities outside the United States. This could subject a company to a range of penalties that could have a significant commercial impact, including civil and criminal fines and agreements that materially restrict the manner in which a company promotes or distributes a drug or biologic. See Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Other Regulatory and Litigation Risks - Our business activities have been, and may in the future be, challenged under U.S. federal or state and foreign healthcare laws, which may subject us to civil or criminal proceedings, investigations, or penalties ." Adverse-event reporting and submission of periodic reports are required following marketing approval. The FDA requires NDA and BLA holders to employ a system for obtaining and reviewing safety information, adverse events, and product complaints asso