=== TDG_2025-11-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information about the impact of government regulations on our business. Raw Materials We require the use of various raw materials in our manufacturing processes. We purchase a variety of manufactured component parts from various suppliers. We also purchase replacement parts, which are utilized in our various repair and overhaul operations. At times, we concentrate our orders among a few suppliers in order to strengthen our supplier relationships. Most of our raw materials and component parts are generally available from multiple suppliers at competitive prices. Intellectual Property We have various trade secrets, proprietary information, trademarks, trade names, patents, copyrights and other intellectual property rights, which we believe, in the aggregate but not individually, are important to our business. The Company's products are manufactured, marketed and sold using a portfolio of patents, trademarks, licenses, and other forms of intellectual property, some of which expire in the future. The Company develops and acquires new intellectual property on an ongoing basis. Based on the broad scope of the Company s product lines, management believes that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Environmental Matters Our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of contamination and the health and safety of our employees. Environmental laws and regulations may require that the Company investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. Certain facilities and third-party sites utilized by the Company have been identified as potentially responsible parties under the federal superfund laws and comparable state laws. The Company is currently involved in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites under applicable laws. For information regarding environmental reserves, refer to Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein. Compliance with federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws during fiscal 2025 did not have a material impact on our capital expenditures, results of operations or cash flows. Based upon consideration of currently available information, we believe liabilities for environmental matters will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements, but we cannot assure that material environmental liabilities may not arise in the future. For further information on environmental-related risks, including climate change, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 4 Table of Contents Human Capital Resources As of September 30, 2025, we had approximately 16,500 full-time, part-time and temporary employees. Approximately 15% of our full-time and part-time employees are represented by labor unions. Collective bargaining agreements between us and these labor unions expire at various dates up to January 2029. We consider our employees to be our greatest asset. Succession planning and the development, attraction and retention of employees is critical for TransDigm and its operating units to sustain our three core value drivers (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers). We have established development programs such as TransDigm University to empower internal career progression support the advancement of our employees. We also have established recruiting programs to identify and hire new talent such as the Management Development Program ( MDP ), which involved the recruiting of recent masters program graduates at certain colleges and universities, and the Junior Military Officer ( JMO ) Program, which involves the recruiting of U.S. military veterans. TransDigm s executive team also mentors rising talent on a more informal basis. This informal mentorship achieves a number of goals, including accelerating the development of top performers, fosters organizational learning, enhances employee performance and contributes to our retention efforts. The executive team dedicates substantial time to assessing our pool of future leaders, ensuring that we have the people and skills necessary to continue driving our business forward. We offer attractive benefits packages that attract, retain, motivate and reward our talent, and we are committed to providing our employees and their families with programs that support their health and overall well-being. To empower our employees financially, we provide retirement savings plans and opportunities for tax-free savings through flexible spending accounts and health savings accounts. We believe that our compensation programs, including base pay, bonus structures and equity programs, fairly reward our employees for their hard work. Additionally, we understand the importance of maintaining a work-life balance, which is why our employees receive paid time off and enjoy designated holidays. We understand the value in furthering the knowledge and education of our current employee base. In addition to formal and informal employee development programs within TransDigm and our operating units, employees can expand their careers by accessing tuition reimbursement programs. Some operating units also partner with local colleges to provide training courses to TransDigm employees. Access to programs such as these enhance our employees value to the Company, our customers and our communities. At TransDigm, we highly value the contributions of diverse perspectives, fresh ideas and varied experiences. Our commitment to diversity and inclusiveness is more than just an organizational goal; it is a fundamental principle that drives innovation, enhances our competitive edge and ultimately leads to better outcomes for all stakeholders. To gauge our progress, we annually review and assess our diversity initiatives and metrics. Discrimination is not tolerated at TransDigm. We are committed to high ethical standards and equal employment opportunities in all personnel actions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, citizenship status, age, marital status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or veteran status. We are focused on establishing, maintaining and operating our facilities, with a strong emphasis on process safety and risk mitigation. Equally, we strive to empower and support our employees in preventing accidents and promoting a healthy work environment. We require our personnel to report and communicate risks, potential hazards, incidents and near misses so that we can investigate and establish appropriate measures to prevent future occurrences. To underscore our commitment to employee safety and well-being, we require each operating unit to individually report environmental, health and safety matters to our executive team monthly. Seasonality We do not believe our net sales are subject to significant seasonal variation; however, our net sales have generally been lower in the first quarter of our fiscal year compared to the subsequent quarters due to fewer working days resulting from the observance of various holidays. Available Information TD Group s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments, will be made available free of charge on the Company s website, www.transdigm.com , as soon as reasonably practicable, following the filing of the reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). In addition, the Company s website allows investors and other interested persons to sign up to automatically receive e-mail alerts when news releases and financial information is posted on the website. The SEC also maintains a website, www.sec.gov , that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The information on or obtainable through our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 5 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Below are material risks and uncertainties that could negatively affect our business and financial condition and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements contained in this report. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. Risks Related to our Strategy Our business focuses almost exclusively on the aerospace and defense industry. A period of significant market disruption in the aerospace and defense industry, or other macroeconomic factors, may disproportionately disrupt our business compared to more diversified peer companies. We may rely heavily on certain customers for much of our sales. In fiscal year 2025, no customer individually accounted for 10% or more of the Company s net sales; however, our top ten customers for fiscal year 2025 accounted for approximately 40% of our net sales. A material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers for any reason, including but not limited to general economic or aerospace downturns, decreased production, strike or resourcing, could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We generally do not have guaranteed future sales of our products. Further, when we enter into fixed price contracts with some of our customers, we take the risk for cost overruns. As is customary in our business, we do not generally have long-term contracts with most of our aftermarket customers and, therefore, do not have guaranteed future sales. Although we have long-term contracts with many of our OEM customers, many of those customers may terminate the contracts on short notice and, in most cases, our customers have not committed to buy any minimum quantity of our products. In addition, in certain cases, we must anticipate the future volume of orders based upon the historic purchasing patterns of customers and upon our discussions with customers as to their anticipated future requirements, and this anticipated future volume of orders may not materialize. We also have entered into multi-year, fixed-price contracts with some of our customers, pursuant to which we have agreed to perform the work at a fixed price and, accordingly, realize all the benefit or detriment resulting from any decreases or increases in the costs of making these products. This risk is greater in a high inflationary environment. Sometimes we accept a fixed-price contract for a product that we have not previously produced, and this may increase the risk of cost overruns or delays in the completion of the design and manufacturing of the product. Most of our contracts do not permit us to recover increases in raw material prices, taxes or labor costs. Furthermore, entering into fixed-price contracts with the United States Government ( U.S. Government ), particularly for small-quantity or spot purchases made without reliable forecasts, exposes us to the risk of cost overruns and reduced margins if production costs increase or economies of scale cannot be achieved. We intend to pursue acquisitions. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations. A significant portion of our growth has occurred through acquisitions. Future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions. We intend to pursue acquisitions that we believe will present opportunities consistent with our overall business strategy. However, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates to purchase or may be unable to acquire desired businesses or assets on economically acceptable terms or may be unable to receive necessary regulatory approvals or support. In addition, we may not be able to raise the capital necessary to fund future acquisitions. Because we may actively pursue multiple opportunities simultaneously, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, complications and delays, including regulatory complications or difficulties in employing sufficient staff and maintaining operational and management oversight. We regularly engage in discussions with respect to potential acquisition and investment opportunities. If we consummate an acquisition, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly. Future acquisitions could result in margin dilution and further likely result in the incurrence of additional debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in interest and amortization expenses or periodic impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets as well as significant charges relating to integration costs. Acquisitions involve risks that the businesses acquired will not perform in accordance with expectations and that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. In addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate any business we acquire into our existing business. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. The successful integration of future acquisitions may also require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business, which could decrease the time that they have to service, attract customers and develop new products and services or attend to other acquisition opportunities. 6 Table of Contents Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and could harm our ability to react to changes to our business and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness. We have a significant amount of indebtedness and may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Although our senior secured credit facility and the indentures governing the various series of senior secured and senior subordinated notes outstanding (the Notes ) contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these qualifications and exceptions could be substantial. A breach of any of the covenants or an inability to comply with the required leverage ratio could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures. An increase in our indebtedness could also have other important consequences to investors. For example, it could: increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions; increase the risk we are subjected to downgrade or put on a negative watch by the ratings agencies; require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development efforts and other general corporate requirements; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; and limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the documents governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, make investments and incur liens. All of the term loans under our term loan facility and the trade receivable securitization facility (the Securitization Facility ) bear interest at variable rates based on the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ( Term SOFR ). Accordingly, if Term SOFR increases, our debt service expense will also increase. In order to mitigate the interest rate risk of these variable rate borrowings, we enter into interest rate swap, cap, and collar agreements that cover a significant portion of the existing variable rate debt and may continue do so in the future, subject to market and other conditions. Our indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness, including debt under the senior secured credit facility and the Notes. We cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness. If we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. To service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes, amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts due under our Securitization Facility, and to fund our operations, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness, including the amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts borrowed under our Securitization Facility and the Notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs. If we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. We cannot assure that any of these remedies could, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments, the Securitization Facility, the indentures governing the Notes and the senior secured credit facility may restrict us from adopting any of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms and could otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 7 Table of Contents The terms of the senior secured credit facility and indentures governing the Notes may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. Our senior secured credit facility and the indentures governing the Notes contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on TD Group, TransDigm Inc. and its restricted subsidiaries (in the case of the senior secured credit facility) and TransDigm Inc. and its restricted subsidiaries (in the case of the indentures) and may limit their ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. The senior secured credit facility and indentures governing the Notes include covenants restricting, among other things, the ability to (subject, in each case, to certain important exceptions): incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock; pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock or redeem or repurchase our subordinated debt; make investments; sell assets; enter into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from our restricted subsidiaries to us; incur or allow to exist liens; consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets; engage in transactions with affiliates; create unrestricted subsidiaries; and engage in certain business activities. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures governing the Notes. If any such default occurs, the lenders under the senior secured credit facility and the holders of the Notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under the senior secured credit facility also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. In addition, subject to the terms of an intercreditor agreement, following an event of default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures governing our various series of outstanding senior secured notes, the lenders thereunder or the holders thereof, as applicable, will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the senior subordinated notes. If the debt under the senior secured credit facility or the Notes were to be accelerated, we cannot assure that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full the Notes and other debt. We are dependent on our executive officers, senior management team and highly trained employees and any work stoppage, difficulty hiring similar employees, or ineffective succession planning could adversely affect our business. Because our products are complicated and highly engineered, we depend on an educated and trained workforce. Historically, there has been substantial competition for skilled personnel in the aerospace and defense industry, and we could be adversely affected by a shortage of skilled employees. We may not be able to fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover or attract and retain qualified personnel. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market, and there may be pressures on wages. Although we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory, we cannot assure that we will be able to negotiate a satisfactory renewal of collective bargaining agreements or that our employee relations will remain stable. Because we strive to limit the volume of finished goods inventory, any work stoppage could materially and adversely affect our ability to provide products to our customers. In addition, our success depends in part on our ability to attract and motivate our senior management and key employees. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to a variety of factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions, competitors hiring practices, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. Competition for qualified personnel can be intense. I f we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of key personnel, senior management and our executive officers, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. The Company s Board of Directors continually monitors this risk and we believe that the Company s succession plan, together with our straightforward strategy, clear value drivers, decentralized nature and the quality of managers running our operating units helps to mitigate this risk. 8 Table of Contents Public health crises, and health pandemics, epidemics and outbreaks could adversely affect our business . A significant public health crisis could cause disruption to our operations. Our ability to predict and respond to future changes resulting from potential health crises is uncertain. Even after a public health crisis subsides, there may be long-term effects on our business practices and customers in economies in which we operate that could severely disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. As we cannot predict the duration, scope or severity of future public health crises, the negative financial impact to our results cannot be reasonably estimated and could be material. Risks Related to our Operations Our sales to manufacturers of aircraft are cyclical, and a downturn in sales to these manufacturers may adversely affect us. Our sales to manufacturers of large commercial aircraft, such as Boeing, Airbus, and related OEM suppliers, as well as manufacturers of business jets have historically experienced periodic downturns. In the past, these sales have been affected by airline profitability, which is impacted by, among other things, fuel and labor costs, price competition, interest rates, downturns in the global economy and national and international events. In addition, sales of our products to manufacturers of business jets are impacted by, among other things, downturns in the global economy. Significant labor disagreements and supply chain issues may also negatively impact the production of aircraft. Downturns adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Our business is dependent on the availability of certain components and raw materials from suppliers. Our business is affected by the price and availability of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our components. Our business, therefore, could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our suppliers (such as the destruction of our suppliers facilities or their distribution infrastructure, a work stoppage or strike by our suppliers employees or the failure of our suppliers to provide materials of the requisite quality), or by increased costs of such raw materials or components if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers. Changes to tariff and import and export regulations in the United States and abroad may also negatively impact the availability and pricing of raw materials. Because we strive to limit the volume of raw materials and component parts on hand, our business could be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain these raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. Although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive aviation authority and OEM certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part. We face significant competition. We operate in a highly competitive global industry and compete against a number of companies. Competitors in our product lines are both U.S. and foreign companies and range in size from divisions of large public corporations to small privately-held entities. We believe that our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, short lead-time and timely delivery, competitive pricing, superior customer service and support and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. We adjust the prices of some of our products from time to time to stay competitive. Climate-related regulations designed to address climate change may result in additional compliance costs. Our operations and the products we sell are currently subject to rules limiting emissions and to other climate-related regulations in certain jurisdictions where we operate. Changes in environmental and climate-related laws or regulations on greenhouse gas emissions may negatively impact us, our suppliers and customers. We cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted, or what environmental conditions may be found to exist. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers, in which case, the costs of raw materials and component parts could increase. Because our manufacturing facilities primarily engage in assembly and light manufacturing and because we do not maintain any transportation infrastructure, we have relatively low Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Accordingly, we do not anticipate any material adverse impact from increased carbon regulation directly on our manufacturing operations. Further, because of our wide portfolio of hundreds of thousands of products, we do not anticipate any material adverse impact from the reliance on a supplier or group of suppliers that may be subject to climate risks. However, regulation that would have a material adverse impact on air travel could have a material adverse impact on our business. Given the uncertainty around these issues, we cannot predict how future legislation, will affect our operations and financial condition. We have established a science-aligned greenhouse gas emissions reduction target of at least a 50% reduction in our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions on an absolute basis. Fiscal 2019 is the selected baseline year for TransDigm that we will compare against as we make progress towards our emissions reduction goal. We continue to evaluate ways to reduce our energy and water consumption and lower our greenhouse gas emissions through energy efficiency measures, the purchase of green power and other actions. 9 Table of Contents Our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production. Our operations and those of our customers and suppliers have been and may again be subject to natural disasters, climate change-related events, pandemics or other business disruptions, which could seriously harm our results of operation and increase our costs and expenses. Some of our manufacturing facilities are located in regions that may be impacted by severe weather events, such as increased storm frequency or severity in the Atlantic and fires in hotter and drier climates. These could result in potential damage to our physical assets as well as disruptions in manufacturing activities. Some of our manufacturing facilities are located in areas that may be at risk due to rising sea levels. Moreover, some of our manufacturing facilities are located in areas that could experience decreased access to water due to climate issues. We are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including power loss, fire, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist attacks and similar events. Disruptions could also occur due to health-related outbreaks and crises, cyber-attacks, computer or equipment malfunction (accidental or intentional), operator error or process failures. Should insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms, such as our existing disaster recovery and business continuity plans, be insufficient to recover all costs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Operations and sales outside of the United States may be subject to additional risks. Our net sales to foreign customers were $3,296 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. A number of risks inherent in international operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including war, sanctions, global health crises, currency fluctuations, difficulties in staffing and managing multinational operations, general economic and political uncertainties and potential for social unrest in countries in which we operate, limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies, restrictions on the repatriation of funds, change in trade policies, tariff regulation, difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses and the risk of government financed competition. Issues with the global supply chain can also rise due to some of the aforementioned risks, as well as the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality or safety issues, shipping and transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import. Such issues are often beyond our control and could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Furthermore, the Company is subject to foreign and domestic laws and regulations, which generally prohibit companies and their employees, agents and contractors from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject the Company to civil and criminal penalties that could materially adversely affect the Company s results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We continue to monitor the ongoing geopolitical conflicts, such as Russia and Ukraine, and the related export controls and financial and economic sanctions imposed on certain industry sectors, including the aviation sector, and parties in Russia by the U.S., the U.K., the European Union and others. Although the conflicts have not, nor are expected to, have a direct material adverse impact on TransDigm's business, the implications of these conflicts in the short-term and long-term are difficult to predict. Factors such as increased energy costs, the availability of certain raw materials for aircraft manufacturers, embargoes on flights from certain airlines, sanctions on certain companies, and the stability of certain customers could impact the global economy and aviation sector. We are subject to certain unique business risks as a result of supplying equipment and services to the U.S. Government. Companies engaged in supplying defense-related equipment and services to U.S. Government agencies, whether through direct contracts with the U.S. Government or as a subcontractor to customers contracting with the U.S. Government, are subject to business risks specific to the defense industry. These risks include the ability of the U.S. Government to unilaterally: suspend or debar us from receiving new contracts based on alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations; terminate existing contracts; revoke required security clearances; and audit contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. U.S. Government contracts can be terminated by the U.S. Government at its convenience without cause or significant notice. Termination for convenience provisions provide only for recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on the work completed prior to termination. Most of our U.S. Government contracts are based on a firm-fixed price where we take the risk of cost overruns. On contracts for which the price is not fixed but rather based on the reimbursement of costs, the U.S. Government may review incurred costs and performance, as well as our accounting and general business practices. Based on the results of such audits, the U.S. Government may adjust the reimbursement of contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. In addition, under U.S. Government purchasing regulations, some of our costs, including most financing costs, amortization of intangible assets, portions of research and development costs, and certain marketing expenses may not be subject to reimbursement under cost-reimbursement contracts. 10 Table of Contents Furthermore, even where the price is not based on cost, the U.S. Government may seek to review costs to determine whether our pricing is fair and reasonable. Our subsidiaries are periodically subject to pricing reviews and government buying agencies that purchase some of our subsidiaries products are periodically subject to audits by the U.S. Department of Defense ( DOD ) with respect to prices paid for such products. As a result of these audits, we could be asked to enter into an arrangement whereby our prices would be based on costs approved by the auditor, plus a nominal fee, the DOD could seek to pursue alternative sources of supply for our parts, or the U.S. Government could take other adverse actions with respect to our contracts. Any of those occurrences could lead to a reduction in our revenue from, or the profitability of certain of our supply arrangements with, certain agencies and buying organizations of the U.S. Government. Further, negative publicity relating to the results of any audit, inquiry or subsequent hearing or the like could negatively impact our stock price. If a government inquiry or investigation alleges improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including contract termination, fines, forfeiture of fees, suspension of payment and suspension or debarment from doing business with U.S. Government agencies, any of which could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, U.S. Government purchasing regulations contain many additional operational requirements, which do not apply to entities not engaged in government contracting. Failure to comply with such government contracting requirements could result in civil and criminal penalties that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. Our business may be adversely affected if we would lose our government or industry approvals or if more stringent government regulations are enacted or if industry oversight is increased. The aerospace industry is highly regulated in the U.S. and in other countries. In order to sell our products, we and the products we manufacture must be certified by the FAA, the DOD and similar agencies in foreign countries and by individual manufacturers. If new and more stringent government regulations are adopted or if industry oversight increases, we might incur significant expenses to comply with any new regulations or heightened industry oversight. In addition, if material authorizations or approvals were revoked or suspended, our business would be adversely affected. In addition to the aviation approvals, we are at times required to obtain approval from U.S. Government agencies and similar agencies elsewhere in the world to export our products. U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us include the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( ITAR ), the Export Administration Regulations ( EAR ) and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the United States Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ). EAR restricts the export of commercial and dual-use products and technical data to certain countries, while ITAR restricts the export of defense products, technical data and defense services. Failure to obtain approval to export or determination by the U.S. Government or similar agencies elsewhere in the world that we failed to receive required approvals or licenses could eliminate or restrict our ability to sell our products outside the United States or other country of origin, and the penalties that could be imposed by the U.S. Government or other applicable government for failure to comply with these laws could be significant. We could incur substantial costs as a result of data protection concerns. The interpretation and application of data protection laws in the U.S. and globally, including but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation and are uncertain and evolving. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. Complying with these various laws is difficult and could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. Further, although we have implemented internal controls and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the various privacy-related laws, rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures will enable us to be fully compliant with all data protection laws. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence ( AI ) technologies may intensify these risks. Any failure to comply, could result in significant penalties, fines, legal challenges and reputational harm. Increased cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime have posed and could continue to pose a risk to our and certain third parties information technology systems and a disruption to or breach in the security of such systems, if material, could have adverse effects on our result of operations and financial condition. We rely extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate our business, some of which are managed by third parties. The security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of data by these systems, are critical to our business operations. If these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, intruded upon, attacked, shutdown or cease to function properly (whether by planned upgrades, force majeure, telecommunications failures, criminal acts, including hardware or software break-ins, ransomware attacks or extortion attempts, or viruses, or other cybersecurity incidents) and we suffer any resulting interruption in our ability to manage and operate our business or if our products are affected, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In fact, we have experienced data security incidents, although these have not had a material impact on our financial results. Furthermore, the Company has access to classified, sensitive, confidential, proprietary, or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, or other contractually-imposed controls. 11 Table of Contents The risks in this area continue to grow, and we expect cyber events will continue to accelerate in frequency and impact as threat actors increasingly use AI and other techniques to circumvent security controls, evade detection and remove forensic evidence. Despite our use of reasonable and appropriate technical security controls and monitoring, security breaches, theft, misplaced, lost or corrupted data, programming, or employee errors and/or malfeasance have led and could in the future lead to the compromise or improper use of such sensitive, confidential, proprietary, or personal data or information. Such events may result in possible negative consequences, such as disruption to our business operations, loss of proprietary information, ransom demands, loss of revenue, penalties, failure to comply with laws governing sensitive data, government enforcement, litigation or regulatory proceedings, negative publicity, loss of reputation, loss of intellectual property, loss of competitiveness or customers, increased security and compliance costs or other negative consequences; however, the use of isolated systems by our operating units mitigates the pervasiveness of this risk. Further, the amount of insurance coverage that we maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities relating to a cybersecurity incident. Depending on the nature and magnitude of these events, they may have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters We could incur substantial costs as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations. Our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of contamination and the health and safety of our employees. Environmental laws and regulations may require that the Company investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. Certain facilities and third-party sites utilized by subsidiaries of the Company have been identified as potentially responsible parties under the federal superfund laws and comparable state laws. The Company is currently involved in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites under applicable laws. Estimates of the Company s environmental liabilities are based on current facts, laws, regulations and technology. These estimates take into consideration the Company s prior experience and professional judgment of the Company s environmental advisors. Estimates of the Company s environmental liabilities are further subject to uncertainties regarding the nature and extent of site contamination, the range of remediation alternatives available, evolving remediation standards, imprecise engineering evaluations and cost estimates, the extent of corrective actions that may be required and the number and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties, as well as the extent of their responsibility for the remediation. Accordingly, as investigations and remediations proceed, it is likely that adjustments in the Company s accruals will be necessary to reflect new information. The amounts of any such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or cash flows in a given period. Based on currently available information, however, the Company does not believe that future environmental costs in excess of those accrued with respect to sites for which the Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition. We may be subject to periodic litigation and regulatory proceedings, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our business is subject to regulation under a variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulation and policies that require ongoing compliance efforts. From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions brought or threatened against us in the ordinary course of business. These actions and proceedings may involve claims for, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, workers compensation, employment discrimination, financial improprieties or breach of contract. In addition, we may be subject to class action lawsuits, including those involving allegations of violations of consumer product statutes or the Fair Labor Standards Act and state wage and hour laws. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such actions or proceedings. The outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify, as plaintiffs may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts in these types of lawsuits, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, plaintiffs in many types of actions may seek punitive damages, civil penalties, consequential damages or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief. These proceedings could result in substantial cost and may require us to devote substantial resources to defend ourselves. The ultimate resolution of these matters through settlement, mediation, or court judgment could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We could be adversely affected by the impact of failure, misuse or quality issues of our products. We produce highly engineered aircraft components, and accordingly, the adverse impact of product quality issues, actual or perceived, can be significant. Our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft product that we have designed, manufactured or serviced. While we maintain liability insurance to protect us from future product liability claims, in the event of product liability claims our insurers may attempt to deny coverage or any coverage we have may not be adequate. We also may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. Any liability not covered by insurance or for which third-party indemnification is not available could result in significant liability to us. 12 Table of Contents In addition, a crash caused by one of our products could damage our reputation for quality products. We believe our customers consider safety and reliability as key criteria in selecting a provider of aircraft products. If a crash were to be caused by one of our products, or if we were to otherwise fail to maintain a satisfactory record of safety and reliability, our ability to retain and attract customers may be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to Financial Matters We have recorded a significant amount of intangible assets, which may never generate the returns we expect. Mergers and acquisitions have resulted in significant increases in identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. Identifiable intangible assets, which primarily include trademarks, trade names, customer relationships, and technology, were $3,454 million at September 30, 2025, representing 15% of our total assets. Goodwill recognized in accounting for mergers and acquisitions was $10,612 million at September 30, 2025, representing 46% of our total assets. We may never realize the full value of our identifiable intangible assets and goodwill, and to the extent we were to determine that our identifiable intangible assets or our goodwill were impaired within the meaning of applicable accounting standards, we would be required to write-off the amount of any impairment. We may be subject to risks relating to changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. The Company s domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. The Company s future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the Company s effective tax rate as a result of changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets, challenges by tax authorities or changes in tax laws or regulations. From time to time, changes in tax laws or regulations may be proposed or enacted that could adversely affect our overall tax liability. There can be no assurance that changes in tax laws or regulations, both within the U.S. and the other jurisdictions in which we operate, such as the proposed 15% global minimum tax under the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD ) Pillar Two, Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules (the Pillar Two Rules ), will not materially and adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations. As of September 30, 2025, many jurisdictions where the Company operates, including Canada, U.K. and Germany, have adopted the Pillar Two Rules. The effective dates vary between fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026. In addition, the amount of income taxes paid by the Company is subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. tax authorities. If these audits result in assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the Company s tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. We do not regularly declare and pay quarterly or annual cash dividends on our stock. Notwithstanding the most recent special cash dividend declared by the Company s Board of Directors on August 20, 2025 of $90.00 per outstanding share of common stock, paid on September 12, 2025, we do not anticipate declaring regular cash dividends, whether quarterly or annual, on our common stock or any other equity security in the foreseeable future. The amounts that may be available to us to pay future special cash dividends are restricted under our debt and other agreements. Any payment of special cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. Therefore, shareholders should not rely on regular quarterly or annual dividend income from shares of our common stock and should not rely on special dividends with any regularity or at all. General Risks Our commercial business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and our customers profitability. These items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical and other worldwide conditions. Our commercial business is directly affected by, among other factors, changes in revenue passenger kilometers ( RPKs ), the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet, the percentage of the fleet that is out-of-warranty and changes in the profitability of the commercial airline industry. RPKs and airline profitability have historically been correlated with the general economic environment, although national and international events also play a key role, such as pandemics, general downturns in the global economy, higher fuel prices and conflicts abroad. In addition, global market and economic conditions have been challenging due to turbulence in the U.S. and international markets and economies and have prolonged declines in business and consumer spending. During periods of reduced airline profitability, some airlines may delay purchases of spare parts, preferring instead to deplete existing inventories, and delay refurbishments and discretionary spending. If demand for spare parts decreases, there would be a decrease in demand for certain products. An adverse change in demand could impact our results of operations, collection of accounts receivable and our expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses which may adversely impact our financial condition and access to capital markets. 13 Table of Contents U.S. military spending is dependent upon the U.S. defense budget. The military and defense market is significantly dependent upon government budget trends, particularly the DOD budget. In addition to normal business risks, our supply of products to the U.S. Government is subject to unique risks largely beyond our control. DOD budgets could be negatively impacted by several factors, including, but not limited to, a change in defense spending policy as a result of the presidential election or otherwise, the U.S. Government s budget deficits, spending priorities, the cost of sustaining the U.S. military presence internationally and possible political pressure to reduce U.S. Government military spending, each of which could cause the DOD budget to remain unchanged or to decline. A significant decline in U.S. military expenditures could result in a reduction in the amount of our products sold to the various agencies and buying organizations of the U.S. Government. Our stock price may be volatile, and an investment in our common stock could suffer a decline in value. There has been significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of equity securities, which is unrelated to the operating performance of the companies issuing the securities. These market fluctuations may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. Shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at or above the purchase price due to fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. Such changes could be caused by changes in our operating performance or prospects, including possible changes due to the cyclical nature of the aerospace industry and other factors such as fluctuations in OEM and aftermarket ordering, which could cause short-term swings in profit margins. Or such changes could be unrelated to our operating performance, such as changes in market conditions affecting the stock market generally or the stocks of aerospace companies or changes in the outlook for our common stock, such as changes to or the confidence in our business strategy, changes to or confidence in our management, or expectations for future growth of the Company. 