=== TDG_2025-11-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information about the impact of government regulations on our business. Raw Materials We require the use of various raw materials in our manufacturing processes. We purchase a variety of manufactured component parts from various suppliers. We also purchase replacement parts, which are utilized in our various repair and overhaul operations. At times, we concentrate our orders among a few suppliers in order to strengthen our supplier relationships. Most of our raw materials and component parts are generally available from multiple suppliers at competitive prices. Intellectual Property We have various trade secrets, proprietary information, trademarks, trade names, patents, copyrights and other intellectual property rights, which we believe, in the aggregate but not individually, are important to our business. The Company's products are manufactured, marketed and sold using a portfolio of patents, trademarks, licenses, and other forms of intellectual property, some of which expire in the future. The Company develops and acquires new intellectual property on an ongoing basis. Based on the broad scope of the Company s product lines, management believes that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Environmental Matters Our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of contamination and the health and safety of our employees. Environmental laws and regulations may require that the Company investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. Certain facilities and third-party sites utilized by the Company have been identified as potentially responsible parties under the federal superfund laws and comparable state laws. The Company is currently involved in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites under applicable laws. For information regarding environmental reserves, refer to Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein. Compliance with federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws during fiscal 2025 did not have a material impact on our capital expenditures, results of operations or cash flows. Based upon consideration of currently available information, we believe liabilities for environmental matters will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements, but we cannot assure that material environmental liabilities may not arise in the future. For further information on environmental-related risks, including climate change, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 4 Table of Contents Human Capital Resources As of September 30, 2025, we had approximately 16,500 full-time, part-time and temporary employees. Approximately 15% of our full-time and part-time employees are represented by labor unions. Collective bargaining agreements between us and these labor unions expire at various dates up to January 2029. We consider our employees to be our greatest asset. Succession planning and the development, attraction and retention of employees is critical for TransDigm and its operating units to sustain our three core value drivers (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers). We have established development programs such as TransDigm University to empower internal career progression support the advancement of our employees. We also have established recruiting programs to identify and hire new talent such as the Management Development Program ( MDP ), which involved the recruiting of recent masters program graduates at certain colleges and universities, and the Junior Military Officer ( JMO ) Program, which involves the recruiting of U.S. military veterans. TransDigm s executive team also mentors rising talent on a more informal basis. This informal mentorship achieves a number of goals, including accelerating the development of top performers, fosters organizational learning, enhances employee performance and contributes to our retention efforts. The executive team dedicates substantial time to assessing our pool of future leaders, ensuring that we have the people and skills necessary to continue driving our business forward. We offer attractive benefits packages that attract, retain, motivate and reward our talent, and we are committed to providing our employees and their families with programs that support their health and overall well-being. To empower our employees financially, we provide retirement savings plans and opportunities for tax-free savings through flexible spending accounts and health savings accounts. We believe that our compensation programs, including base pay, bonus structures and equity programs, fairly reward our employees for their hard work. Additionally, we understand the importance of maintaining a work-life balance, which is why our employees receive paid time off and enjoy designated holidays. We understand the value in furthering the knowledge and education of our current employee base. In addition to formal and informal employee development programs within TransDigm and our operating units, employees can expand their careers by accessing tuition reimbursement programs. Some operating units also partner with local colleges to provide training courses to TransDigm employees. Access to programs such as these enhance our employees value to the Company, our customers and our communities. At TransDigm, we highly value the contributions of diverse perspectives, fresh ideas and varied experiences. Our commitment to diversity and inclusiveness is more than just an organizational goal; it is a fundamental principle that drives innovation, enhances our competitive edge and ultimately leads to better outcomes for all stakeholders. To gauge our progress, we annually review and assess our diversity initiatives and metrics. Discrimination is not tolerated at TransDigm. We are committed to high ethical standards and equal employment opportunities in all personnel actions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, citizenship status, age, marital status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or veteran status. We are focused on establishing, maintaining and operating our facilities, with a strong emphasis on process safety and risk mitigation. Equally, we strive to empower and support our employees in preventing accidents and promoting a healthy work environment. We require our personnel to report and communicate risks, potential hazards, incidents and near misses so that we can investigate and establish appropriate measures to prevent future occurrences. To underscore our commitment to employee safety and well-being, we require each operating unit to individually report environmental, health and safety matters to our executive team monthly. Seasonality We do not believe our net sales are subject to significant seasonal variation; however, our net sales have generally been lower in the first quarter of our fiscal year compared to the subsequent quarters due to fewer working days resulting from the observance of various holidays. Available Information TD Group s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments, will be made available free of charge on the Company s website, www.transdigm.com , as soon as reasonably practicable, following the filing of the reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). In addition, the Company s website allows investors and other interested persons to sign up to automatically receive e-mail alerts when news releases and financial information is posted on the website. The SEC also maintains a website, www.sec.gov , that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The information on or obtainable through our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 5 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Below are material risks and uncertainties that could negatively affect our business and financial condition and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements contained in this report. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. Risks Related to our Strategy Our business focuses almost exclusively on the aerospace and defense industry. A period of significant market disruption in the aerospace and defense industry, or other macroeconomic factors, may disproportionately disrupt our business compared to more diversified peer companies. We may rely heavily on certain customers for much of our sales. In fiscal year 2025, no customer individually accounted for 10% or more of the Company s net sales; however, our top ten customers for fiscal year 2025 accounted for approximately 40% of our net sales. A material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers for any reason, including but not limited to general economic or aerospace downturns, decreased production, strike or resourcing, could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We generally do not have guaranteed future sales of our products. Further, when we enter into fixed price contracts with some of our customers, we take the risk for cost overruns. As is customary in our business, we do not generally have long-term contracts with most of our aftermarket customers and, therefore, do not have guaranteed future sales. Although we have long-term contracts with many of our OEM customers, many of those customers may terminate the contracts on short notice and, in most cases, our customers have not committed to buy any minimum quantity of our products. In addition, in certain cases, we must anticipate the future volume of orders based upon the historic purchasing patterns of customers and upon our discussions with customers as to their anticipated future requirements, and this anticipated future volume of orders may not materialize. We also have entered into multi-year, fixed-price contracts with some of our customers, pursuant to which we have agreed to perform the work at a fixed price and, accordingly, realize all the benefit or detriment resulting from any decreases or increases in the costs of making these products. This risk is greater in a high inflationary environment. Sometimes we accept a fixed-price contract for a product that we have not previously produced, and this may increase the risk of cost overruns or delays in the completion of the design and manufacturing of the product. Most of our contracts do not permit us to recover increases in raw material prices, taxes or labor costs. Furthermore, entering into fixed-price contracts with the United States Government ( U.S. Government ), particularly for small-quantity or spot purchases made without reliable forecasts, exposes us to the risk of cost overruns and reduced margins if production costs increase or economies of scale cannot be achieved. We intend to pursue acquisitions. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations. A significant portion of our growth has occurred through acquisitions. Future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions. We intend to pursue acquisitions that we believe will present opportunities consistent with our overall business strategy. However, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates to purchase or may be unable to acquire desired businesses or assets on economically acceptable terms or may be unable to receive necessary regulatory approvals or support. In addition, we may not be able to raise the capital necessary to fund future acquisitions. Because we may actively pursue multiple opportunities simultaneously, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, complications and delays, including regulatory complications or difficulties in employing sufficient staff and maintaining operational and management oversight. We regularly engage in discussions with respect to potential acquisition and investment opportunities. If we consummate an acquisition, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly. Future acquisitions could result in margin dilution and further likely result in the incurrence of additional debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in interest and amortization expenses or periodic impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets as well as significant charges relating to integration costs. Acquisitions involve risks that the businesses acquired will not perform in accordance with expectations and that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. In addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate any business we acquire into our existing business. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. The successful integration of future acquisitions may also require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business, which could decrease the time that they have to service, attract customers and develop new products and services or attend to other acquisition opportunities. 6 Table of Contents Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and could harm our ability to react to changes to our business and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness. We have a significant amount of indebtedness and may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Although our senior secured credit facility and the indentures governing the various series of senior secured and senior subordinated notes outstanding (the Notes ) contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these qualifications and exceptions could be substantial. A breach of any of the covenants or an inability to comply with the required leverage ratio could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures. An increase in our indebtedness could also have other important consequences to investors. For example, it could: increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions; increase the risk we are subjected to downgrade or put on a negative watch by the ratings agencies; require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development efforts and other general corporate requirements; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; and limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the documents governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, make investments and incur liens. All of the term loans under our term loan facility and the trade receivable securitization facility (the Securitization Facility ) bear interest at variable rates based on the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ( Term SOFR ). Accordingly, if Term SOFR increases, our debt service expense will also increase. In order to mitigate the interest rate risk of these variable rate borrowings, we enter into interest rate swap, cap, and collar agreements that cover a significant portion of the existing variable rate debt and may continue do so in the future, subject to market and other conditions. Our indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness, including debt under the senior secured credit facility and the Notes. We cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness. If we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. To service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes, amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts due under our Securitization Facility, and to fund our operations, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness, including the amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts borrowed under our Securitization Facility and the Notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs. If we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. We cannot assure that any of these remedies could, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments, the Securitization Facility, the indentures governing the Notes and the senior secured credit facility may restrict us from adopting any of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms and could otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 7 Table of Contents The terms of the senior secured credit facility and indentures governing the Notes may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. Our senior secured credit facility and the indentures governing the Notes contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on TD Group, TransDigm Inc. and its restricted subsidiaries (in the case of the senior secured credit facility) and TransDigm Inc. and its restricted subsidiaries (in the case of the indentures) and may limit their ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. The senior secured credit facility and indentures governing the Notes include covenants restricting, among other things, the ability to (subject, in each case, to certain important exceptions): incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock; pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock or redeem or repurchase our subordinated debt; make investments; sell assets; enter into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from our restricted subsidiaries to us; incur or allow to exist liens; consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets; engage in transactions with affiliates; create unrestricted subsidiaries; and engage in certain business activities. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures governing the Notes. If any such default occurs, the lenders under the senior secured credit facility and the holders of the Notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under the senior secured credit facility also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. In addition, subject to the terms of an intercreditor agreement, following an event of default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures governing our various series of outstanding senior secured notes, the lenders thereunder or the holders thereof, as applicable, will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the senior subordinated notes. If the debt under the senior secured credit facility or the Notes were to be accelerated, we cannot assure that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full the Notes and other debt. We are dependent on our executive officers, senior management team and highly trained employees and any work stoppage, difficulty hiring similar employees, or ineffective succession planning could adversely affect our business. Because our products are complicated and highly engineered, we depend on an educated and trained workforce. Historically, there has been substantial competition for skilled personnel in the aerospace and defense industry, and we could be adversely affected by a shortage of skilled employees. We may not be able to fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover or attract and retain qualified personnel. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market, and there may be pressures on wages. Although we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory, we cannot assure that we will be able to negotiate a satisfactory renewal of collective bargaining agreements or that our employee relations will remain stable. Because we strive to limit the volume of finished goods inventory, any work stoppage could materially and adversely affect our ability to provide products to our customers. In addition, our success depends in part on our ability to attract and motivate our senior management and key employees. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to a variety of factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions, competitors hiring practices, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. Competition for qualified personnel can be intense. I f we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of key personnel, senior management and our executive officers, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. The Company s Board of Directors continually monitors this risk and we believe that the Company s succession plan, together with our straightforward strategy, clear value drivers, decentralized nature and the quality of managers running our operating units helps to mitigate this risk. 8 Table of Contents Public health crises, and health pandemics, epidemics and outbreaks could adversely affect our business . A significant public health crisis could cause disruption to our operations. Our ability to predict and respond to future changes resulting from potential health crises is uncertain. Even after a public health crisis subsides, there may be long-term effects on our business practices and customers in economies in which we operate that could severely disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. As we cannot predict the duration, scope or severity of future public health crises, the negative financial impact to our results cannot be reasonably estimated and could be material. Risks Related to our Operations Our sales to manufacturers of aircraft are cyclical, and a downturn in sales to these manufacturers may adversely affect us. Our sales to manufacturers of large commercial aircraft, such as Boeing, Airbus, and related OEM suppliers, as well as manufacturers of business jets have historically experienced periodic downturns. In the past, these sales have been affected by airline profitability, which is impacted by, among other things, fuel and labor costs, price competition, interest rates, downturns in the global economy and national and international events. In addition, sales of our products to manufacturers of business jets are impacted by, among other things, downturns in the global economy. Significant labor disagreements and supply chain issues may also negatively impact the production of aircraft. Downturns adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Our business is dependent on the availability of certain components and raw materials from suppliers. Our business is affected by the price and availability of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our components. Our business, therefore, could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our suppliers (such as the destruction of our suppliers facilities or their distribution infrastructure, a work stoppage or strike by our suppliers employees or the failure of our suppliers to provide materials of the requisite quality), or by increased costs of such raw materials or components if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers. Changes to tariff and import and export regulations in the United States and abroad may also negatively impact the availability and pricing of raw materials. Because we strive to limit the volume of raw materials and component parts on hand, our business could be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain these raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. Although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive aviation authority and OEM certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part. We face significant competition. We operate in a highly competitive global industry and compete against a number of companies. Competitors in our product lines are both U.S. and foreign companies and range in size from divisions of large public corporations to small privately-held entities. We believe that our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, short lead-time and timely delivery, competitive pricing, superior customer service and support and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. We adjust the prices of some of our products from time to time to stay competitive. Climate-related regulations designed to address climate change may result in additional compliance costs. Our operations and the products we sell are currently subject to rules limiting emissions and to other climate-related regulations in certain jurisdictions where we operate. Changes in environmental and climate-related laws or regulations on greenhouse gas emissions may negatively impact us, our suppliers and customers. We cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted, or what environmental conditions may be found to exist. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers, in which case, the costs of raw materials and component parts could increase. Because our manufacturing facilities primarily engage in assembly and light manufacturing and because we do not maintain any transportation infrastructure, we have relatively low Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Accordingly, we do not anticipate any material adverse impact from increased carbon regulation directly on our manufacturing operations. Further, because of our wide portfolio of hundreds of thousands of products, we do n