=== SCHW_2026-04-06.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false SCHWAB CHARLES CORP 0000316709 0000316709 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000316709 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000316709 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000316709 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000316709 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 schw:EquityAwardsTotalMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 schw:EquityAwardsTotalMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000316709 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 The Charles Schwab Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents April 6, 2026 Dear Fellow Stockholders, We cordially invite you to attend our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 21, 2026, at 11 a.m. Central Time. The annual meeting will be held via the internet at www.proxydocs.com/SCHW. Please follow the registration instructions as outlined in this proxy statement to attend the meeting virtually via the internet. At the annual meeting, we will conduct the items of business outlined in this proxy statement. We also will report on our corporate performance in 2025 and answer questions. Your vote is important. We encourage you to read this proxy statement carefully and to vote your shares as soon as possible, even if you plan to attend the meeting. Voting instructions are contained on the proxy card or voting instruction form that you received with this proxy statement. We look forward to your participation. Sincerely, CHARLES R. SCHWAB WALTER W. BETTINGER II CO-CHAIRMAN CO-CHAIRMAN Table of Contents Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders i Proxy Statement Summary 1 Corporate Governance 6 Company Overview 6 The Board of Directors 6 Board Leadership 6 Director Independence 7 Board Structure and Committees 8 Board Qualifications and Composition 14 Management Succession Planning and Transition 17 Proposal One: Election of Directors 18 Director Nominees and Continuing Directors 18 Director Nominations 31 Communications With the Board of Directors 31 Director Compensation 31 Proposal Two: Ratification of the Selection of Independent Auditors 35 Auditor Fees 35 Audit Committee Report 37 Proposal Three: Advisory Approval of Named Executive Officer Compensation 38 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Compensation Committee Report 54 Executive Compensation Tables 55 2025 Summary Compensation Table 55 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 56 2025 Termination and Change in Control Benefits Table 57 Outstanding Equity Awards as of December 31, 2025 61 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 63 2025 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table 63 2025 CEO Pay Ratio 64 Pay Versus Performance 65 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 67 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 68 Transactions With Related Persons 70 Proposal Four: Amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to Declassify the Board 73 Voting Procedures and Other Information 75 Appendix A: Non-GAAP Financial Measures Appendix A-1 Exhibit A: Amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation to Declassify the Board Exhibit A-1 Exhibit B: Amendments to Bylaws to Declassify the Board Exhibit B-1 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Executive Summary 38 Summary of the Executive Compensation Program 43 Compensation Planning and the Decision-Making Process 44 Plan Design and Compensation Decisions 46 Compensation Policies 52 Compensation Committee Report 54 Executive Compensation Tables 55 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date May 21, 2026 Time 11 a.m. Central Time Location www.proxydocs.com/SCHW Agenda 1. Elect four directors to three-year terms; 2. Vote to ratify the selection of independent auditors; 3. Vote for the approval, on an advisory basis, of compensation of named executive officers; 4. Vote for approval of amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to declassify the Board of Directors; and 5. Consider any other business properly coming before the meeting. Stockholders who owned shares of our voting common stock at the close of business on March 23, 2026 are entitled to attend and vote at the meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. A complete list of registered stockholders will be available during the ten days prior to the meeting at our principal executive offices at 3000 Schwab Way, Westlake, Texas 76262. By Order of the Board of Directors, PETER J. MORGAN III Managing Director, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary IMPORTANT NOTICE Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be Held on May 21, 2026. The proxy statement and annual report to security holders are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.aboutschwab.com. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT i Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary The Board of Directors (the board) of The Charles Schwab Corporation (the company) is making the solicitation for proxies to be voted at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 21, 2026 (the annual meeting). These proxy materials were first made available to stockholders on or about April 6, 2026. This summary highlights information contained in the proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should review all of the information contained in the proxy statement before voting. Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date Time May 21, 2026 at 11 a.m. CT Record Date March 23, 2026 Location www.proxydocs.com/SCHW Voting: Stockholders as of the record date are entitled to vote. Each share of voting common stock is entitled to one vote. Attending the Meeting: Please follow the meeting attendance instructions contained in the proxy statement on page 75. Voting Proposals Proposal Board Recommendation Page Election of Directors Marianne C. Brown FOR 20 Frank C. Herringer FOR 24 Richard A. Wurster FOR 30 Carolyn Schwab-Pomerantz FOR 28 Ratification of Independent Auditors FOR 35 Advisory Approval of Named Executive Officer Compensation FOR 38 Approval of Amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to Declassify the Board of Directors FOR 73 HOW TO VOTE Internet Telephone Mail During the Meeting Visit www.proxydocs.com/SCHW and follow the instructions on the website. Call (866) 485-0358 and follow the instructions on your proxy card or your voting instruction form. Sign, date and mail your proxy card or your voting instruction form. While we encourage you to vote before the meeting, stockholders may vote online during the meeting by following the instructions on page 75. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Director Nominees We ask that you vote for the election of Marianne C. Brown, Frank C. Herringer, Richard A. Wurster, and Carolyn Schwab-Pomerantz. The following table provides summary information on these nominees. Complete biographical information is contained in the proxy statement. Name Age Director Since Occupation Skills Independent Committees Marianne C. Brown 67 2020 Former Co-Chief Operating Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Public company knowledge and financial technology expertise Risk Frank C. Herringer 83 1996 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Transamerica Corporation (Transamerica) Public company knowledge and leadership experience Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance Richard A. Wurster 53 2025 President and Chief Executive Officer of The Charles Schwab Corporation Public company knowledge and leadership experience Carolyn Schwab-Pomerantz 66 2022 Former Chair and President of Charles Schwab Foundation Financial services industry experience Risk Independent Auditors We ask that you ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP (Deloitte) as the company s independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year. While the Audit Committee has the sole authority to retain the independent auditors, we are asking for your ratification as part of the Audit Committee s evaluation process of the independent registered public accounting firm for the next fiscal year. Fees for services provided by Deloitte and the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited in the last two fiscal years were: 2025 2024 Audit Fees $11,833,000 $11,598,350 Audit-Related Fees 2,447,000 2,422,900 Tax Fees 25,000 31,500 All Other Fees 15,402 4,600 Total $14,320,402 $14,057,350 2 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Company Strategy The company s strategy emphasizes placing clients perspectives, needs, and desires at the forefront by seeing the business through clients eyes. Because investing plays a fundamental role in building financial security, the company strives to deliver a better investing experience for its clients individual investors and the people and institutions who serve them by disrupting longstanding industry practices on their behalf and providing superior service. In pursuing this strategy, the company: offers a broad range of products and solutions to meet client needs with a focus on transparency, value, service, and trust; combines its scale and resources with ongoing expense discipline to keep operating costs low and ensure that products and solutions are affordable as well as responsive to client needs; and seeks to build stockholder value over time. The company s Through Clients Eyes strategy is based on the principle that developing trusted relationships will translate into more assets from both new and existing clients, ultimately driving more revenue and, along with expense discipline and thoughtful capital management, will generate earnings growth and build long-term stockholder value. Recognition and Awards We are honored to be the recipients of a number of awards and recognitions, including those listed below StockBrokers.com recognized the company as Best Overall Broker for the second consecutive year in 2025 in its 2026 Annual Awards. For the third year in a row, U.S News World Report recognized the company as the Best Investing Platform Overall in its 2025 U.S News Money Awards, as well as best platform for stock, options, and forex trading. For the 13 th year, Investor s Business Daily recognized the company as a Best Online Broker in its 2026 rankings. Newsweek recognized Charles Schwab for America s Best Customer Service 2025 in its 2025 rankings. For the seventh year in a row, Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (CSB) ranked #1 in J.D. Power s U.S. Direct Banking Satisfaction Study. Kiplinger recognized the company as #1 in education and service for 2025. The company ranked #1 in the Advanced Trading, Ease of Use, Customer Service, Stock Research, Mobile Trading Apps and High Net Worth Investors categories of StockBrokers.com 2026 Broker Industry Award rankings. For the ninth year in a row, Points of Light, the world s largest organization dedicated to volunteer service, recognized the company as one of America s 50 most community-minded companies. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 2025 Company Performance Highlights In pursuing the Through Clients Eyes strategy, the company achieved the following performance results for 2025: Total Client Assets $11.9 trillion 18% increase year-over-year Net Revenue $23.9 billion 22% increase year-over-year Active Brokerage Accounts 38.5 million 6% increase year-over-year Diluted EPS $4.65 56% increase year-over-year Adjusted Diluted EPS (1) $4.87 ROCE 21% ROTCE (1) 38% Core Net New Assets $519.4 billion 42% increase year-over-year (1) For reconciliation of our results as reported under U.S. generally accepted accounting practices (GAAP) to non-GAAP financial measures, including diluted earnings per common share (EPS) to adjusted diluted EPS and return on average common stockholder s equity (ROCE) to return on tangible common equity (ROTCE), please see Appendix A beginning on page Appendix A-1 Executive Compensation We ask that you approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers (NEOs). Our NEOs are those executive officers listed in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table (the 2025 SCT). The advisory approval of NEO compensation is required by federal law, and while the vote is not binding, the Compensation Committee considers the vote as part of its evaluation of executive compensation programs. The executive compensation program supports the company s strategic objectives through the following design principles: Pay for Performance Stockholder Value Creation Risk Management Link executives pay with company financial and stock price performance. Reward executives for individual performance. Promote profitable growth that delivers on the annual and long-term operating plan. Attract, retain, and reward talented executives. Create appropriate balance of risk and reward. Ensure effective governance and risk management practices are in place. The Compensation Committee is dedicated to delivering a robust and balanced executive compensation program, in support of a strong link between executive pay and the company s financial performance. The executive compensation program uses three compensation elements: base salary, annual cash incentives, and long-term equity-based incentives (LTIs), which the Compensation Committee believes enables the recruitment and retention of talented executives and incentivizes them to act in the best interests of the company and its stockholders. 4 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Based on the company s financial performance in 2025, the Compensation Committee approved funding at 116.5% of the target award for the NEOs for annual cash incentives. The performance goal for performance-based restricted stock units (PBRSUs) granted in 2025 was set at ROTCE exceeding the Cost of Equity (COE), which aligns the executives incentives with the long-term interests of stockholders. The PBRSUs have cliff-vesting based on a three-year performance period. For more information on executive compensation, please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 38 and Executive Compensation Tables beginning on page 55. Declassification of the Board of Directors We ask that you approve amendments to the company s Fifth Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation), and conforming amendments to the company s Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws), to declassify the Board of Directors. Currently, the Certificate of Incorporation provides for the board to be divided into three classes, with each class elected every three years. We have approved recommended amendments that, subject to approval by stockholders at the annual meeting, would phase out the classification over a three-year period and provide for the annual election of all directors beginning at the 2029 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Company Overview The Charles Schwab Corporation is a savings and loan holding company that engages, through its subsidiaries, in wealth management, securities brokerage, banking, asset management, custody, and financial advisory services. As of December 31, 2025, the company had $11.9 trillion in client assets, 38.5 million active brokerage accounts, 5.7 million workplace plan participant accounts, and 2.2 million banking accounts. The company was founded on the belief that all Americans deserve access to a better investing experience. Although much has changed in the intervening years, our purpose remains clear to champion every client s goals with passion and integrity. Guided by this purpose and our vision of being the most trusted leader in investment services, management has adopted a strategy described as Through Clients Eyes. The Board of Directors The board is committed to the company s vision of being the most trusted leader in investment services and believes that good corporate governance and high ethical standards are duties that we owe to our investors, clients, and employees, and are key to our long-term success and the creation of long-term stockholder value. The board has the responsibility to hold management accountable for carrying out the company s daily operations consistent with its strategic vision while navigating changes in the financial services industry, effectively managing risks, and responding to competitive pressures, new technologies, and an evolving regulatory environment. Our practices to maintain board effectiveness include the following: Leadership Independence Our Co-Chairmen lead our board Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair leads independent directors 71% independent directors Regular executive sessions of non-management directors Qualifications and Composition Structure and Committees Annual review of skills and composition Succession planning Annual self-assessments Audit Committee Risk Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Board Leadership Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the roles of Chairman or Co-Chairman of the board and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) may be separated or combined, and our board exercises its discretion in combining or separating these positions as it deems appropriate in light of prevailing circumstances. The board made the determination to split the role of CEO and Co-Chairman, as Mr. Schwab and Mr. Bettinger serve as Co-Chairmen of the board and Mr. Wurster serves as CEO. The board has carefully considered its leadership structure and 6 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE determined that leveraging our founder and former CEO, in the case of Mr. Schwab, and former CEO, in the case of Mr. Bettinger, together as Co-Chairmen of the board currently serves the best interests of the company and its stockholders. Specifically, the board believes that Mr. Schwab and Mr. Bettinger are best situated to serve as Co-Chairmen given their deep knowledge of our business and strategy, and their ability to draw on that experience in order to provide leadership to the board. This structure also reflects the board s intention to ensure strategic and leadership continuity for the company by following a thoughtful and long-term succession plan. Furthermore, the board s leadership structure is designed to promote board effectiveness and to appropriately allocate authority and responsibility between the board and management. The board believes that separating the Co-Chairmen and CEO positions is the appropriate leadership structure for the company at this time. This structure has allowed our CEO, Mr. Wurster, to focus on the day-to-day management of the business and on executing our strategic priorities, while Mr. Schwab and Mr. Bettinger focus on leading the board and providing advice and counsel to Mr. Wurster. As provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, non-management directors meet regularly in executive session without management, and independent directors meet at least annually in executive session with only independent directors. The Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Mr. Herringer, presides over these sessions. Through the independence of the board s committees and the regular use of executive sessions led by Mr. Herringer, the board is able to maintain independent oversight of our business strategy, annual operating plan, and other corporate activities. These features ensure a full and free discussion of issues that are important to the company and its stockholders. At the same time, the board is able to take advantage of the unique blend of leadership, experience, and knowledge of our industry and business that Mr. Schwab and Mr. Bettinger bring to the roles of Co-Chairmen. The board has four standing committees (Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Risk). Given the role and scope of authority of these committees, and that over 70% of our directors are independent, the board believes that its leadership structure, with the Co-Chairmen of the board leading board discussions, and the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee leading executive sessions, is appropriate. Director Independence We have considered the independence of each director in accordance with New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) corporate governance standards. Based on these standards, we have determined that each of the company s directors, except Mr. Schwab, Mr. Bettinger, Mr. Wurster, and Ms. Schwab-Pomerantz, is independent. To assist us in our determination, we have general guidelines for independence. These guidelines for independence are available on the company s website at www.aboutschwab.com/governance. In determining independence, the board considers broadly all relevant facts and circumstances regarding a director s relationships with the company. All non-employee directors receive compensation from the company for their service as directors, as disclosed in the Director Compensation section of this proxy statement, and are entitled to receive reimbursement for their expenses in traveling to and participating in board and committee meetings. As disclosed in the Transactions with Related Persons section of this proxy statement, some directors and entities with which they are affiliated have credit transactions with the company s banking and brokerage subsidiaries, such as mortgage loans, revolving lines of credit, or other extensions of credit. These transactions with directors and their affiliates are made in the ordinary course of business and as permitted by all applicable laws and regulations, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Such transactions are on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral (where applicable), as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with persons not related to the company and do not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE In addition to the relationships outlined above and in Transactions with Related Persons the board considered the following as part of its determination of independence: Marianne C. Brown serves as a director of technology companies to which, or to the parent company of which, the company has made payments for products and services. Arun Sarin serves as a director of a consulting firm to which the company has made payments for consulting services. Board Structure and Committees The authorized number of directors is currently 14, and the company has 14 directors. There are four nominees for election this year and nine directors will continue to serve the terms described in their biographies. Ms. Martin-Flickinger s term is expiring at the annual meeting and she is not standing for re-election as a director; accordingly, the authorized number of directors will be reduced from 14 to 13 effective at the annual meeting. Directors currently serve staggered terms. Directors are divided into three classes and each director who is elected at an annual meeting of stockholders serves a three-year term. The board held nine meetings in 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of applicable board and committee meetings during 2025. As provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, we expect directors to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. In 2025, all of the then-serving directors attended the annual meeting. Risk Oversight We believe a fundamental commitment to strong and effective risk management is integral to achieving the company s vision and executing on its strategy to be the most trusted leader in investment services. As part of its oversight functions, the board is responsible for oversight of risk management at the company and for holding senior management accountable for implementing the board s approved risk tolerance. The board exercises this oversight both directly and indirectly through its standing committees, each of which is delegated responsibility for specific risks and keeps the board informed of its oversight efforts through regular reports by each committee Chair. 8 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The board s risk oversight responsibility is carried out through its standing committees, as follows: Our corporate cybersecurity program is led by our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), who has extensive experience assessing and managing cybersecurity risk and who reports up to our Chief Technology, Operations and Data Officer (CTODO). Our CISO and CTODO regularly review our cybersecurity program and our prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation efforts with management-level risk committees and the Risk Committee. We also maintain a process for timely escalation of significant risk events to senior management and the board. For additional information, please see Part I, Item IC, Cybersecurity of the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (2025 10-K). For further discussion of risk management at the company, please see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management of the company s 2025 10-K. Committees Each of our four standing committees is chaired by an independent director. The Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees are composed entirely of independent directors as determined by the board in accordance with its independence guidelines and NYSE corporate governance standards, and the Risk Committee is chaired by an independent director. In addition to these standing committees, the board may from time to time establish ad hoc committees to assist in various matters. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The board and its committees are currently composed of the following individuals: Committee Memberships Name Independent Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risk Committee Charles R. Schwab Walter W. Bettinger II Richard A. Wurster John K. Adams, Jr. Chair Marianne C. Brown Chair Joan T. Dea Member Member Christopher V. Dodds Member Member Stephen A. Ellis Member Member Frank C. Herringer Member Chair Gerri K. Martin-Flickinger 1 Member Charles A. Ruffel 2 Member Arun Sarin Member Member Carolyn Schwab-Pomerantz Member Paula A. Sneed Chair 1 Ms. Martin-Flickinger s term is expiring at the annual meeting and she is not standing for re-election as a director. 2 Mr. Ruffel joined the Audit Committee and discontinued his service on the Risk Committee, effective March 31, 2026. 10 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Audit Committee The Audit Committee held 13 meetings in 2025 None of the directors on the Audit Committee is or, during the past three years, has been an employee of the company or any of its subsidiaries. None of the Audit Committee members simultaneously serves on the audit committees of more than three public companies, including ours. The board has determined that all the members of the Audit Committee are financially literate in accordance with NYSE listing standards, and Mr. Adams and Mr. Ellis are Audit Committee financial experts in accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules. Primary responsibilities: reviews and discusses with management and the independent auditors the company s annual and quarterly financial statements and earnings releases and the integrity of the financial reporting process; reviews the qualifications, independence, and performance of the independent auditors; reviews the activities and performance of the internal auditors; reviews processes in place to assess and manage major risk exposures; and reviews compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. John K. Adams, Jr. (Chair) Stephen A. Ellis Gerri K. Martin-Flickinger Charles A. Ruffel Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee held six meetings in 2025 Primary responsibilities: annually reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relating to compensation of executive officers and other senior officers; reviews and determines the compensation of executive officers and other senior officers based on the achievement of performance goals and objectives; reviews and assesses the independence and work of any compensation consultant it retains; approves compensatory arrangements, including long-term awards, for executive officers and other senior officers; reviews and approves or recommends incentive compensation plans for executive officers and all equity-based incentive compensation plans; and oversees risk management of incentive compensation practices. Paula A. Sneed (Chair) Joan T. Dea Frank C. Herringer THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held four meetings in 2025 Primary responsibilities: identifies and evaluates individuals qualified to serve on the board; recommends nominees to fill vacancies on the board and each standing committee and recommends a slate of nominees for election or re-election as directors by the stockholders; makes recommendations regarding succession planning for the CEO and executive management; and assesses the performance of the board and its committees and recommends corporate governance guidelines for adoption by the board. Frank C. Herringer (Chair) Joan T. Dea Christopher V. Dodds Stephen A. Ellis Arun Sarin Risk Committee The Risk Committee held six meetings in 2025 Primary responsibilities: reviews the company s overall risk governance and approves the enterprise-wide risk management framework to identify, measure, monitor, and control the major types of risk posed by the business of the company; reviews the performance and activities of the company s independent risk management function; reviews capital and liquidity planning and the assessment of capital adequacy; and reviews and approves key policies with respect to oversight of specific risks, including capital, compliance, credit, liquidity, market, model, third-party, interest rate, information security, technology, data, reputational, strategic, and operational risk. Marianne C. Brown (Chair) Christopher V. Dodds Arun Sarin Carolyn Schwab-Pomerantz 12 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Committee Charters, Corporate Governance Guidelines, and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Each of our standing committees has a written charter. You may find a copy of these charters, as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, on the company s website at www.aboutschwab.com/governance. You also may request and obtain a paper copy of these items, without charge, by contacting: The Charles Schwab Corporation Attn: Office of the Corporate Secretary Mail Stop: DFW 2-1-895 3000 Schwab Way Westlake, Texas 76262 SchwabCorporateSecretary@Schwab.com THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Insider Trading Policy The company has adopted and maintains an insider trading policy (the Insider Trading Policy) governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities by all of the company s directors, executive officers, employees, contingent workers, and certain of their related parties, as well as the company itself. We believe the Insider Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations and applicable NYSE listing standards. A copy of the Insider Trading Policy was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to the company s 2025 10-K. Prohibition on Speculative Trading and Certain Types of Hedging and Pledging Activity The Insider Trading Policy prohibits insider trading, tipping, and speculative trading in the company s stock, other company securities, or derivatives of such securities. The prohibition on speculative trading expressly includes (i) certain types of hedging activities, including engaging in short sales, buying options to open a position, and selling uncovered options; and (ii) except for company equity securities acquired via the vesting and exercise of options or vesting of restricted stock units or acquired under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP), engaging in short term transactions of company equity securities. The Insider Trading Policy also prohibits using company securities as collateral for a margin loan or otherwise pledging company securities. Board Qualifications and Composition The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly assesses the board s composition in light of our business operations, complexity, asset size, and risk profile to assure appropriate succession, and our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the board should be composed of directors who have the qualifications necessary for effective service as determined in this assessment. Director Qualifications The qualifications for directors are described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on the company s website at www.aboutschwab.com/governance. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that the following specific, minimum qualifications must be met by any director nominee: ability to work together with other directors, with full and open discussion and debate, as an effective group; current knowledge of and experience in the company s business or operations, or contacts in the communities in which the company does business or the industries relevant to the company s business, or substantial business, financial, or industry-related experience commensurate with the business operations, complexity, asset size, and risk profile of the company; and willingness and ability to devote adequate time to the company s business. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also considers the following qualities and skills when making its determination whether a nominee is qualified for the position of director: relationships that may affect the independence of the director or conflicts of interest that may affect the director s ability to discharge the director s duties; diversity of experience, including the need for financial, business, academic, public sector, and other expertise on the board or board committees; and the fit of the individual s skills and experience with those of the other directors and potential directors in comparison to the needs of the company. 14 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE When evaluating a candidate for nomination, the committee does not assign specific weight to any of these factors or believe that all of the criteria need apply to every candidate. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the qualifications and experience represented on the board when identifying director nominees and assessing the composition of the board. The board recognizes that a variety of viewpoints is vital to effective decision-making, constructive dialogue, and a healthy boardroom culture. The board s evaluation encompasses diversity of experience, skill sets, and background of directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers these qualifications and regularly assesses the overall effectiveness of the board in maintaining a balance of perspectives important to the company s business. Skills and Competencies Set forth below are some of the experience, skills, and competencies that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee views as important for the board as a whole to possess in light of the board s areas of oversight of management. For simplicity, each qualification is assigned to one category of oversight, even though some qualifications may pertain to multiple areas. Board Oversight of Management Related Qualifications and Experience Carrying out the company s daily operations consistent with its strategic vision Financial Services Banking Asset Management Brokerage/Investment Banking Business Operations Navigating changes in the financial services industry and responding to competitive pressures and new technologies Strategic Planning Information Technology/Cybersecurity Marketing Academia Overseeing the integrity of the company s financial statements and financial reporting process Finance Accounting Public Company Executive Experience Public Company Board Experience Ensuring compliance with legal and regulatory requirements Regulatory Government Service International Business Implementing the board s approved risk tolerance, maintaining the company s risk management and control program, and operating the company s business in a safe and sound manner Risk Management THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following matrix highlights the qualifications and experience represented by our director nominees and continuing directors: Qualifications and Experience Public Company Executive Experience Public Company Board Experience Financial Services Banking Asset Management Brokerage/Investment Banking Strategic Planning Finance Business Operations Information Technology/Cybersecurity Marketing Regulatory Accounting Risk Management Government Service International Business Academia Additional Qualifications and Information Audit Committee Financial Expert Other Current U.S. Public Boards 3 1 Board Succession Planning The board views the annual nomination process conducted by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, including its review of the skills and competencies represented on the board and the self-assessment process, as critical elements in planning for board succession. In addition, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee discusses with each board member the member s perspective on succession planning, including overall size and composition, tenure, and the effectiveness of the board and board committees. The Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also speaks with the Chairs of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Risk Committee about any particular succession issues that may affect their committees. As part of the succession planning process, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the contributions made by directors with deep knowledge of and experience with the company and its business through continued service over the years, as well as the need to refresh the board with new insights and perspectives. As part of board succession planning, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee plans for anticipated vacancies, including those due to directors plans for retirement or expected changes in status. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates potential needs for skills and experience due to anticipated departures. 16 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Orientation and Continuing Education Director education about the company, our strategy, industry, control framework, and regulatory environment begins when a director is elected to our board and continues throughout his or her tenure on the board. The company has an orientation program for new board members that includes written materials and meetings with executives in charge of key business and control functions. Depending on committee assignments, directors may receive further orientation and training with respect to committee functions. Continuing education addresses topics as deemed appropriate by the board and management and include such materials and presentations designed to assist the board and its committees with their oversight responsibilities of the company s business, strategy, and risk management. Board and Committee Evaluations The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee leads the board in its annual self-evaluation of the performance of the board and its committees to determine whether they are functioning effectively. The charter of each committee requires an annual performance evaluation. Committee self-evaluations are conducted by the Chair of each committee and are reported to the full board by the respective Chairs. The Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews any issues arising from the committee self-evaluations with the Chairs of the other board committees. The Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also discusses the results of the board self-evaluation with the full board. The respective committee or the full board, as appropriate, will take such steps as are deemed necessary or advisable to address weaknesses or deficiencies identified as part of the performance evaluation process. Management Succession Planning and Transition The board recognizes the importance of effective executive leadership to the company s success and reviews CEO and other executive succession planning at least annually. As part of this process, the board reviews and discusses the capabilities of our executive management, as well as succession planning and potential successors for the CEO and our other executive officers. The process includes consideration of organizational and operational needs, competitive challenges, leadership and management potential and development, and emergency situations. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee makes recommendations regarding, and assists the board in, succession planning for the CEO and executive management, including developing policies for succession in an emergency or retirement of the CEO. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Proposal One: Election of Directors Nominees for directors this year are: Marianne C. Brown Frank C. Herringer Richard A. Wurster Carolyn Schwab-Pomerantz Each nominee has consented to serve a three-year term and is presently a director of the company. Biographical information about each of the company s director nominees and continuing directors is contained in the following section. Gerri K. Martin-Flickinger, who is a current director and whose term is expiring at the annual meeting, is not standing for re-election as a director, and accordingly, the size of the board will be reduced from 14 directors to 13 directors effective at the annual meeting. We would like to thank Ms. Martin-Flickinger for her service on the board since 2020 and her important contributions to the company in that time. The board of directors recommends that you vote FOR the election of the director nominees. Director Nominees and Continuing Directors DIRECTOR SINCE 2015 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2028 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING: 70 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Audit John K. Adams, Jr. Mr. Adams is a former Managing Director in the Financial Institutions Group at UBS Investment Bank (UBS), a financial services firm, where he served from 2002 until 2013. Prior to joining UBS, Mr. Adams was with Credit Suisse s Financial Institutions Group from 1985 until 2002. He has served as a member of the Board of Directors of CSB since 2015. He served as a member of the Board of Directors of Navient Corporation, a financial services company that services and collects student loans, from 2014 to 2018. Mr. Adams has significant experience with respect to the financial services industry, investment banking, capital markets, and mergers and acquisitions, having served as head of UBS North American banks practice and in Credit Suisse s Financial Institutions Group. CAREER EXPERIENCE UBS Investment Bank Managing Director (2002-2013) Credit Suisse Financial Institutions Group (1985-2002) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Board Financial Services Banking Asset Management Brokerage/Investment Banking Strategic Planning Finance Regulatory 18 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 2008 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2027 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING: 65 Walter W. Bettinger II Mr. Bettinger has served as a member of the board since 2008 and as Co-Chairman since 2022. He served as CEO of the company from 2008 through December 2024 and as President of the company from 2008 until 2021. He also served as Co-Chairman of CSB from 2022 through December 2024. He also served as a trustee of The Charles Schwab Family of Funds, Schwab Investments, Schwab Capital Trust, Schwab Annuity Portfolios, Laudus Trust, and Schwab Strategic Trust, all registered investment companies managed by an affiliate of the company through December 2024. He also served as Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the company from 2007 until 2008, Executive Vice President and President Schwab Investor Services from 2005 until 2007, Executive Vice President and COO Individual Investor Enterprise from 2004 until 2005, Executive Vice President and President Corporate Services from 2002 until 2004, and Executive Vice President and President Retirement Plan Services from 2000 until 2002. Mr. Bettinger joined the company in 1995 as part of the acquisition of The Hampton Company, which he founded in 1983. Mr. Bettinger has significant financial services experience, having served in a senior executive role overseeing sales, service, marketing, and operations for more than 40 years. As CEO of the company, Mr. Bettinger worked closely with the board in evaluating and enhancing the strategic position of the company. CAREER EXPERIENCE The Charles Schwab Corporation Co-Chairman (2022-present) Chief Executive Officer (2008-December 2024) President (2008-2021) Chief Operating Officer (2007-2008) Multiple Executive Vice President positions (2000-2007) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Executive Financial Services Banking Asset Management Brokerage/Investment Banking Strategic Planning Finance Business Operations Marketing Regulatory Accounting Risk Management International Business THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 2020 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2026 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING: 67 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Risk OTHER U.S. PUBLIC BOARDS Akamai Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: AKAM) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE: NOC) International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE: IBM) Marianne C. Brown Ms. Brown is the former Co-COO of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS), a financial services technology company, where she served from 2018 to 2019. She served as COO, Institutional and Wholesale Business, of FIS from 2015, when it acquired SunGard Financial Systems LLC (SunGard), a software and IT services provider, to 2018. She served as the COO of SunGard from 2014 to 2015. Prior to that, Ms. Brown was the CEO and President of Omgeo LLC (Omgeo), a financial services technology company, from 2006 to 2014. Before joining Omgeo, she was the CEO of the Securities Industry Automation Corporation, a technical services company for securities trading and subsidiary of the NYSE. Ms. Brown began her career at Automatic Data Processing, where she last served as general manager of Brokerage Processing Services, which spun off to become part of Broadridge Financial Services. Ms. Brown has served as a member of the Board of Directors of CSB since 2021. She has served as a member of the Boards of Directors of Northrop Grumman Corporation, an aerospace and defense technology company, since 2015, Akamai Technologies, Inc., a cybersecurity company, since 2020 and International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), a global technology company, since 2023. Ms. Brown also served on the Board of Directors of VMware, Inc. (VMware), a software and cloud computing company, from 2019 to 2023, when VMware was acquired by Broadcom Inc. Ms. Brown is a nominee for election this year. Ms. Brown brings financial technology expertise and significant public company board experience to the board, having served as an executive at several financial technology companies and as a director of other public company boards. CAREER EXPERIENCE Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Co-Chief Operating Officer (2018-2019) Chief Operating Officer (2015-2018) SunGard Financial Systems, LLC Chief Operating Officer (2014-2015) Omgeo LLC President and Chief Executive Officer (2006-2014) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Executive Public Company Board Financial Services Banking Asset Management Brokerage/Investment Banking Strategic Planning Business Operations Information Technology/Cybersecurity Risk Management International Business 20 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 2017 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2027 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING: 62 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Joan T. Dea Ms. Dea is the founder of Beckwith Investments LLC, a private investment and consulting firm, and has served as Managing Director since 2008. She served on the Executive Committee of BMO Financial Group from 2003 to 2008, most recently as Executive Vice President, Strategic Management and Corporate Marketing. She was previously a partner and director at Boston Consulting Group (BCG), a management consulting firm, from 1994 to 2003, where she was a leader in the global financial services practice. She has served as a member of the Board of Directors of CSB since 2011 and Cineplex Inc. (Cineplex), a diversified media company, from 2006 to 2025. She served as a member of the Board of Directors of Performance Sports Group Ltd., a sports equipment and apparel company, from 2015 to 2017 and Torstar Corporation, a media company, from 2009 to 2015. Ms. Dea brings public company, leadership, strategy, governance, and financial services experience to the board, having served in a variety of executive leadership positions at BMO Financial Group and BCG. CAREER EXPERIENCE Beckwith Investments LLC Managing Director (2008-present) BMO Financial Group Executive Committee (2003-2008) Boston Consulting Group Partner and Director (1994-2003) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Executive Public Company Board Financial Services Banking Asset Management Brokerage/Investment Banking Strategic Planning Finance Marketing International Business THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 2014 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2027 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING 66 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Nominating and Corporate Governance Risk Christopher V. Dodds Mr. Dodds has served as the Co-Founder and Managing Member of Crown Oak Advisors, LLC, a registered investment advisor, since 2020. Mr. Dodds has also served as an operating partner at The Cynosure Group, LLC, a private equity firm, since 2018. He served as a senior advisor at The Carlyle Group, a private equity firm, from 2008 to 2018. From 1986 to 2007, Mr. Dodds held several key positions at the company, including Executive Vice President and CFO. He has served as a member of the Board of Directors of CSB since 2007. He served as a member of the Board of Directors of Investment Technology Group, Inc., a brokerage and financial markets technology company, from 2008 to 2015. Mr. Dodds brings leadership skills, knowledge of the financial services industry, and financial and accounting experience. He has deep knowledge of the company and its business, having served as its CFO from 1999 until 2007, and as a member of the Board of Directors of CSB since 2007. CAREER EXPERIENCE Crown Oak Advisors, LLC Managing Member (2020-present) The Cynosure Group, LLC Operating Partner (2018-present) The Carlyle Group Senior Advisor (2008-2018) The Charles Schwab Corporation Chief Financial Officer (1999-2007) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Executive Public Company Board Financial Services Banking Asset Management Brokerage/Investment Banking Strategic Planning Finance Regulatory Accounting Risk Management 22 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 2012 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2028 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING: 63 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Audit Nominating and Corporate Governance Stephen A. Ellis Mr. Ellis is a Managing Partner at TPG Inc. (TPG), a private equity and alternative investment firm, where he co-leads The Rise Fund, the firm s impact investing platform. Prior to joining TPG in 2015, he served as CEO of Asurion, LLC (Asurion), a provider of consumer technology protection services, from 2012 through 2015. Prior to Asurion, Mr. Ellis served as Worldwide Managing Director of Bain Company (Bain), a management consulting firm, from 2005 until 2012, and as Managing Partner for Bain s West Coast offices from 1999 through 2004. Mr. Ellis joined Bain in 1993. Mr. Ellis served as a member of the Board of Directors of e.l.f. Beauty, Inc., a cosmetics company, in 2019. Mr. Ellis brings leadership and management skills, investment expertise, and experience in global management consulting to the board, having served as Worldwide Managing Director of Bain, CEO of Asurion, and as a Managing Partner at TPG. CAREER EXPERIENCE TPG Inc. Managing Partner (2015-present) Asurion, LLC Chief Executive Officer (2012-2015) Bain Company Worldwide Managing Director (2005-2012) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Board Financial Services Asset Management Strategic Planning Finance Business Operations International Business Academia THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 1996 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2026 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING 83 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Frank C. Herringer Mr. Herringer is the former Chairman of the Board and CEO of Transamerica Corporation (Transamerica), a financial services company. He served as Chairman of the Board of Transamerica from 1996 until 2015, CEO from 1991 until 1999 and President from 1986 until 1999, when Transamerica was acquired by AEGON N.V. (AEGON). From the date of the acquisition until 2000, Mr. Herringer served on the Executive Board of AEGON and as Chairman of the Board of AEGON USA, Inc. Mr. Herringer served as a member of the Board of Directors of Transamerica from 1986 to 2018. Mr. Herringer also served as a member of the Boards of Directors of Amgen Inc. from 2004 to 2019, Cardax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 2006 to 2015, and Safeway, Inc. from 2008 to 2015. Mr. Herringer is a nominee for election this year. Mr. Herringer brings public company knowledge and leadership experience to the board, having served as CEO of Transamerica, and his service at Transamerica and AEGON contributes to his knowledge of the financial services industry. Mr. Herringer brings insights to the board from his service on other public company boards. CAREER EXPERIENCE Transamerica Corporation Chairman of the Board (1996-2015) Chief Executive Officer (1991-1999) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Executive Public Company Board Financial Services Banking Asset Management Strategic Planning Business Operations Finance Regulatory Risk Management Government Service 24 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 2018 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2027 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING 70 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Audit Charles A. Ruffel Mr. Ruffel is the founder and Managing Partner of Kudu Investment Management, LLC, a private equity firm. He served as CEO and Managing Partner of Kudu Advisors, LLC (Kudu Advisors), an investment banking company, from 2009 to 2015. He was the founder and CEO of Asset International, Inc. (Asset International), an information provider in the field of asset management, retirement, and bank services, from 1989 to 2010. He served as a trustee of Schwab Strategic Trust from 2009 to 2018 and as a trustee of The Charles Schwab Family of Funds, Schwab Investments, Schwab Capital Trust and Schwab Annuity Portfolios, Laudus Trust, and Laudus Institutional Trust from 2015 to 2018. He has served as a member of the Board of Directors of CSB since 2018. Mr. Ruffel served as a member of the Board of Directors of Aspire Financial Services, LLC, a financial services and retirement planning company, from 2012 to 2019. Mr. Ruffel brings financial and leadership experience to the board, having served as CEO of Kudu Advisors and Asset International. He brings insight to the board from his service as a trustee of numerous asset management funds of the company. CAREER EXPERIENCE Kudu Investment Management, LLC Managing Partner (2015-present) Kudu Advisors, LLC Managing Partner (2009-2015) Asset International, Inc. Chief Executive Officer (1998-2010) QUALIFICATIONS Financial Services Asset Management Brokerage/Investment Banking Strategic Planning Finance Business Operations Information Technology/Cybersecurity Marketing Regulatory Risk Management International Business THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 2009 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2028 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING: 71 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Nominating and Corporate Governance Risk OTHER U.S. PUBLIC BOARDS Accenture plc (NYSE: ACN) Arun Sarin Mr. Sarin served as CEO of Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone), a mobile telecommunications company, from 2003 until his retirement in 2008. Beginning in 1984, he held a variety of management positions with Pacific Telesis Group, a telecommunications company, and AirTouch Communications, Inc. (AirTouch), a wireless telecommunications company, which was spun off from Pacific Telesis Group in 1994. He was appointed President and COO of AirTouch in 1997. In 1999, Mr. Sarin was appointed CEO of Vodafone s US/AsiaPacific region. He left Vodafone in 2000 to become CEO of Infospace, Inc., an information technology company. From 2002 until 2003, he served as CEO of Accel-KKR Telecom, a private equity firm, and rejoined Vodafone in 2003. He served as a non-executive director of the Court of the Bank of England from 2005 until 2009. He served as a member of the Board of Directors of Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc from 2009 to 2018, Safeway, Inc. from 2009 to 2015, Cisco Systems, Inc., a provider of networking and IT solutions, from 2009 to 2020, and Chairman of the Board of Trepont Acquisition Corp I, a special purpose acquisition company, from 2020 to 2022. Mr. Sarin has served as lead independent director of Accenture plc, a consulting and information technology services company, since February 2025 and as a member of the Board of Directors since 2015. Mr. Sarin has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Ola Electric Mobility Limited, an electric vehicle company, since 2019. He served as a member of the Board of Directors of Cerence Inc., an automotive software company, from 2019 to February 2026 and as Chairman of the Board from 2019 to February 2025. Mr. Sarin brings public company knowledge, information technology/cybersecurity experience, and leadership experience to the board, having served as President and COO of AirTouch and CEO of Vodafone. He brings insights to the board from his service on other public company boards. CAREER EXPERIENCE Trepont Acquisition Corp I Chairman (2020-2022) Vodafone Group Plc Chief Executive Officer (2003-2008) Accel-KKR Telecom Chief Executive Officer (2001-2003) Infospace, Inc. Chief Executive Officer (2000-2001) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Executive Public Company Board Strategic Planning Finance Business Operations Information Technology/Cybersecurity Marketing Regulatory Risk Management International Business 26 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 1986 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2028 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING 88 Charles R. Schwab Mr. Schwab has served as a director of the company since its incorporation in 1986, including as Co-Chairman since 2022 and previously as Chairman from 1986 to 2022. Mr. Schwab served as CEO of the company from 1986 to 1997 and from 2004 until 2008. He served as Co-CEO of the company from 1998 to 2003. Mr. Schwab was a founder of Charles Schwab Co., Inc. (CS Co) in 1971 and served as its CEO from 2004 until 2008. Mr. Schwab also previously served as Chairman and trustee of The Charles Schwab Family of Funds, Schwab Investments, Schwab Capital Trust, Schwab Annuity Portfolios, and Laudus Trust, all registered investment companies. Mr. Schwab is the father of Carolyn Schwab-Pomerantz, a member of the company s board. Mr. Schwab is the founder of the company, was the CEO of the company, and has been the Chairman or Co-Chairman since its inception. His vision continues to drive the company s growth. CAREER EXPERIENCE The Charles Schwab Corporation Co-Chairman (2022-present) Chairman (1986-2022) Chief Executive Officer (1986-1997; 2004-2008) Co-Chief Executive Officer (1998-2003) Charles Schwab Co., Inc. Chief Executive Officer (2004-2008) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Executive Public Company Board Financial Services Banking Asset Management Brokerage/Investment Banking Strategic Planning Finance Business Operations Marketing Regulatory International Business THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 2022 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2026 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING 66 COMMITTEES Risk Carolyn Schwab-Pomerantz Ms. Schwab-Pomerantz was employed by CS Co for 40 years. She served as Managing Director, Consumer Education of CS Co from 2022 to 2023 and served as Senior Vice President, Consumer Education of CS Co from 2005 to 2022. Ms. Schwab-Pomerantz also served as President of Charles Schwab Foundation, a charitable foundation, from 2002 to 2023, and as Chair of Charles Schwab Foundation from 2014 to 2023. She also served as Chair of Schwab Charitable Fund, a donor-advised fund, from 2012 to 2023, and as Chair of the Board of Governors for Boys Girls Clubs of America, a nonprofit corporation, from 2021 to 2022 (and has served as Chair Emeritus since 2023). Ms. Schwab-Pomerantz is the daughter of the company s Co-Chairman and founder Charles R. Schwab. Ms. Schwab-Pomerantz is a nominee for election this year. Ms. Schwab-Pomerantz has significant financial services and governance experience, having served in a senior role overseeing consumer education with the company from 2005 to 2023 and including through her roles with Charles Schwab Foundation, Schwab Charitable Fund, and Boys Girls Clubs of America. CAREER EXPERIENCE Charles Schwab Foundation Chair (2004-2023) President (2002-2023) Charles Schwab Co., Inc. Managing Director Consumer Education (2022-2023) Senior Vice President Consumer Education (2005-2022) QUALIFICATIONS Financial Services Brokerage/Investment Banking Strategic Planning Finance Marketing Risk Management Government Service 28 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 2002 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2028 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING: 78 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Compensation Paula A. Sneed Ms. Sneed is Chairman and CEO of Phelps Prescott Group, LLC (Phelps Prescott), a strategy and management consulting firm. She served as Executive Vice President, Global Marketing Resources and Initiatives, of Kraft Foods, Inc. (Kraft), a global food and beverage company, from 2005 until her retirement in 2006; Senior Vice President, Global Marketing Resources and Initiatives from 2004 to 2005; and Group Vice President and President of E-Commerce and Marketing Services for Kraft Foods North America, part of Kraft, from 2000 until 2004. She joined General Foods Corporation (which later merged with Kraft) in 1977 and held a variety of senior executive positions, including Chief Marketing Officer, Executive Vice President and President eCommerce division, Executive Vice President and President Desserts division, and Senior Vice President and President Food Service division. Ms. Sneed served as a member of the Board of Directors of Berry Global Group, Inc., a package manufacturing company, from 2018 to 2022; as a member of the Board of Directors of TE Connectivity plc, a manufacturer of engineered electronic components, network solutions, and telecommunications systems, from 2007 to 2020; and as a member of the Board of Directors of Airgas, Inc. from 1999 to 2016. Ms. Sneed brings marketing skills and general management and executive leadership experience to the board, having served in a variety of senior executive positions at Kraft, and as Chairman and CEO of Phelps Prescott. She brings insights to the board through her service on other public company boards. CAREER EXPERIENCE Phelps Prescott Group, LLC Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (2007-present) Kraft Foods, Inc. Executive Vice President (2005-2006) Senior Vice President (2004-2005) Kraft Foods North America Executive Vice President (2000-2004) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Executive Public Company Board Strategic Planning Business Operations Marketing THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR SINCE 2025 CURRENT TERM EXPIRES 2026 AGE AT ANNUAL MEETING 53 Richard A. Wurster Mr. Wurster is CEO of the company. He has served as CEO and a member of the board since January 2025 and as President of the company since 2021. Mr. Wurster previously served as President and director of CS Co from 2021 to 2024, Executive Vice President and Head of Schwab Asset Management Services in 2021 and Head of Schwab Asset Management Solutions from 2019 to 2021. He was CEO of Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., a subsidiary of the company, from 2019 to 2021, and of Charles Schwab Investment Advisory, Inc., a subsidiary of the company, from 2018 to 2021. He was also CEO of ThomasPartners, Inc. and Windhaven Investment Management, Inc., subsidiaries of the company, from 2016 to 2018. He serves as a trustee of The Charles Schwab Family of Funds, Schwab Investments, Schwab Capital Trust, Schwab Annuity Portfolios, Laudus Trust, and Schwab Strategic Trust. Before joining the company in 2016, Mr. Wurster was employed at Wellington Management, Inc., an investment management services provider, and McKinsey Company, Inc., a management consulting firm, where he was a leader of the asset management practice and an Associate Principal, respectively. Mr. Wurster is a nominee for election this year. Mr. Wurster has significant company and financial services experience, having served in a senior executive role at the company and its subsidiaries since 2016 and in asset management prior to that time. As CEO of the company, Mr. Wurster works closely with the board in evaluating and enhancing the strategic position of the company. CAREER EXPERIENCE The Charles Schwab Corporation Chief Executive Officer (2025-present) President (2021-present) Charles Schwab Co., Inc. President and Director (2021-2024) Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. Chief Executive Officer (2019-2021) Charles Schwab Investment Advisory, Inc. Chief Executive Officer (2018-2021) ThomasPartners, Inc. Chief Executive Officer (2016-2018) Windhaven Investment Management, Inc. Chief Executive Officer (2016-2018) QUALIFICATIONS Public Company Executive Financial Services Banking Asset Management Brokerage/Investment Banking Strategic Planning Finance Business Operations Information Technology/Cybersecurity Marketing Regulatory 30 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominations The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommended all of the nominees for election included in this year s proxy statement. The committee has a policy to consider candidates recommended by stockholders. The policy requires written stockholder recommendations that include the following information: (i) the name, address, and contact information of the recommending stockholder; (ii) proof of the stockholder s share ownership; (iii) a resume or statement of the candidate s qualifications; and (iv) a statement of the stockholder s relationship with the proposed candidate or interest in the proposed candidacy. The written recommendation must be addressed to the Office of the Corporate Secretary at the address provided in the Corporate Governance section of this proxy statement, or by email to SchwabCorporateSecretary@Schwab.com. Identifying and Evaluating Candidates for Director The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the appropriate skills and characteristics required of board members in the context of the current composition of the board, as well as director qualifications as determined by the board. The committee evaluates attributes and capabilities valuable to the company s business and commensurate with the size, complexity, and risk profile of the company and, as needed, to bring fresh perspective to the board. Candidates considered for nomination to the board may come from several sources, including current and former directors, professional search firms, and stockholder recommendations. Nominees for director are evaluated, in consultation with the company s Co-Chairmen, by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, which may retain the services of a professional search firm to assist it in identifying or evaluating potential candidates. Communications With the Board of Directors If you wish to communicate with the board, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, or the independent directors as a group, you may send your communication in writing to the Office of the Corporate Secretary at the address provided in the Corporate Governance section of this proxy statement or by email to SchwabCorporateSecretary@Schwab.com. You must include your name and address in the written communication and indicate whether you are a stockholder of the company. The Office of the Corporate Secretary will compile all communications, summarize lengthy, repetitive, or duplicative communications, and forward them to the appropriate director or directors. The Office of the Corporate Secretary will not forward non-substantive communications or communications that pertain to personal grievances, but instead will forward them to the appropriate department within the company for resolution. In such cases, the Office of the Corporate Secretary will retain a copy of such communication for review by any director upon the director s request. Director Compensation The Compensation Committee reviews, approves, and establishes director compensation, including compensation for service on board committees. Mr. Schwab, Mr. Bettinger, and Mr. Wurster, who are employed by the company, receive no additional compensation for their service as directors. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Cash Retainers For 2025, each non-employee director received an annual cash retainer in the amount of $100,000. In addition, the Chairs of the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee each received an annual cash retainer of $50,000, and the other members of those committees each received an annual cash retainer of $20,000. The Chairs of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee each received an annual cash retainer of $50,000, and the other members of those committees each received an annual cash retainer of $15,000. There are no fees for board or committee meeting attendance, but the board may establish special committees and pay a special retainer to the Chair and the members of any special committee. Equity Grants For 2025, each non-employee director received an annual equity grant under the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan, with an aggregate value of $215,000. This equity grant was awarded 60% in restricted stock units (RSUs) and 40% in stock options. New non-employee directors elected to the board during the year are granted pro rata amounts of their cash retainers and equity awards for their first calendar year in lieu of the full amounts. The annual equity grants vest over the three-year period following the grant date, with 25% vesting on each of the first and second anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 50% on the third anniversary. The awards become 100% vested in the event of the non-employee director s death, disability, or retirement. Each stock option expires on the earliest of (i) ten years after the grant date, (ii) three months after termination of service for any reason other than death, disability, or retirement, or (iii) one year after termination of service because of death or disability. 2026 Director Compensation In 2025, the Compensation Committee conducted its biennial review of non-employee director compensation for 2026, including a comparison to the company s peer group, with input from its outside consultant, Semler Brossy Consulting Group LLC (Semler Brossy). Based on this review and upon recommendation by the Compensation Committee, the board approved certain changes to the non-employee director compensation program effective January 1, 2026. Specifically, the board approved a $10,000 increase to the annual cash retainer for each non-employee director, for a total annual cash retainer of $110,000, and a $25,000 increase in the annual equity grants for non-employee directors for an aggregate value of $240,000. The equity grants remain payable 60% in RSUs and 40% in stock options. Stock Ownership Guidelines The board has adopted stock ownership guidelines to promote significant equity ownership by non-employee directors and further align their long-term financial interests with those of stockholders. Under the guidelines, each non-employee director is expected to maintain an investment position in the company s common stock with a fair market value equal to at least $400,000. A new director is expected to reach this target level upon completing five years of service. Once this target level is reached, the director is deemed to meet this target so long as he or she continues to hold an equivalent number of shares as on the date the target level was met. Shares owned outright, deferred shares, and RSUs are included in determining ownership levels, but stock options are not. As of December 31, 2025, all directors complied with the stock ownership guidelines. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan Non-employee directors also may participate in the Directors Deferred Compensation Plan II (the DCP2). This plan allows them to defer receipt of all or a portion of their cash retainers and, at their election, to receive (i) immediately vested stock options with a fair value equal to the amounts deferred and an exercise price equal to the closing price 32 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS of common stock on the date the deferred amount would have been paid or (ii) RSUs funded by an equivalent number of shares of common stock to be held in a rabbi trust and distributed to the director upon departure from the board. The company does not (i) provide any non-equity incentive plans, defined benefit and actuarial pension plans, or other defined contribution retirement plans for non-employee directors or (ii) offer above-market or preferential earnings under its nonqualified deferred compensation plans for directors. The following table shows compensation paid to each of our non-employee directors during 2025. 2025 Director Compensation Table Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Cash 1 ($) Deferred into Restricted Stock Units or Options 2 , 5 ($) Stock Awards 3 , 5 ($) Option Awards 4 , 5 ($) Total ($) John K. Adams, Jr. 185,000 129,065 86,009 400,074 Marianne C. Brown 35,000 150,000 129,065 86,009 400,074 Joan T. Dea 165,000 129,065 86,009 380,074 Christopher V. Dodds 161,563 129,065 86,009 376,637 Stephen A. Ellis 135,000 129,065 86,009 350,074 Frank C. Herringer 165,000 129,065 86,009 380,074 Brian M. Levitt 6 28,750 28,750 Gerri K. Martin-Flickinger 155,000 129,065 86,009 370,074 Bharat B. Masrani 6 30,000 30,000 Todd M. Ricketts 7 155,000 129,065 86,009 370,074 Charles A. Ruffel 35,000 120,000 129,065 86,009 370,074 Arun Sarin 135,000 129,065 86,009 350,074 Carolyn Schwab-Pomerantz 120,000 129,065 86,009 335,074 Paula A. Sneed 150,000 129,065 86,009 365,074 (1) This column shows amounts paid in cash for retainers. For Mr. Adams, Ms. Brown, Ms. Dea, Mr. Dodds, Mr. Martin-Flickinger, Mr. Ricketts, and Mr. Ruffel, the amount in this column includes their cash retainer and meeting fees for service on the Board of Directors of CSB. (2) This column shows the dollar amount of retainers deferred into RSUs or options under the DCP2. The corresponding RSUs or options were as follows: 4,040 options and 997 RSUs for Mr. Herringer; 5,875 options for Mr. Ruffel; 1,810 RSUs for Ms. Brown; 1,630 RSUs for Mr. Ellis; and 407 RSUs for Mr. Masrani. (3) The amounts shown in this column represent the grant date fair value of the RSU award. In 2025, non-employee directors who served the full year received an automatic grant of RSUs with a grant date fair value of $129,065. (4) The amounts shown in this column represent the grant date fair value of the stock option award. In 2025, non-employee directors who served the full year received an automatic grant of stock options with a grant date fair value of $86,009. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (5) The following table shows the aggregate number of outstanding stock option and RSU awards held by the non-employee directors as of December 31, 2025. This includes stock options and RSUs acquired under the DCP2. Name Stock Option Awards Restricted Stock Unit Awards John K. Adams, Jr. 50,242 4,067 Marianne C. Brown 25,805 11,038 Joan T. Dea 44,017 4,067 Christopher V. Dodds 22,699 4,067 Stephen A. Ellis 109,779 16,128 Frank C. Herringer 71,118 154,419 Brian Levitt 20,296 Gerri K. Martin-Flickinger 25,805 4,067 Bharat Masrani 7,820 Todd Ricketts 23,942 Charles A. Ruffel 70,517 4,067 Arun Sarin 58,108 4,067 Carolyn Schwab-Pomerantz 31,191 2,819 Paula A. Sneed 29,354 55,848 (6) Mr. Levitt and Mr. Masrani resigned from the board effective February 12, 2025. (7) Mr. Ricketts resigned from the board effective October 7, 2025. 34 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL TWO: RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS Proposal Two: Ratification of the Selection of Independent Auditors The Audit Committee has the sole authority to appoint, retain, and terminate the independent auditors. The independent auditors report directly to the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee is directly responsible for oversight of the work of the independent auditors. The Audit Committee oversees fees paid to the independent auditors and pre-approves all audit, internal control-related, and permitted non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors. The Audit Committee conducts a comprehensive annual evaluation of the independent auditor s qualifications, performance, and independence (including assessing non-audit fees and services). The Audit Committee takes into account the insight provided to the Audit Committee and the quality of information provided on accounting issues, auditing issues, and regulatory developments. The Audit Committee also considers whether, in order to ensure continuing auditor independence, there should be periodic rotation and selection of the lead audit partner and rotation of the audit firm itself, taking into consideration the advisability and potential costs and impact of selecting a different firm. The Audit Committee has selected Deloitte as the company s independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year. Deloitte has served in this capacity since the company s inception. The Audit Committee evaluated Deloitte s institutional knowledge and experience, quality of service, sufficiency of resources, and quality of the team s communications and interactions, as well as the team s objectivity and professionalism. As a result, the Audit Committee and the board believe that the retention of Deloitte for the 2026 fiscal year is in the best interests of the company and its stockholders. Although we are not required to submit the selection of the independent auditors to stockholders, we are asking for your ratification as part of the Audit Committee s evaluation process of the independent registered public accounting firm for the next fiscal year. We expect representatives of Deloitte to attend the annual meeting, where they will be available to respond to appropriate questions from stockholders and have the opportunity to make a statement. Auditor Fees Fees for services provided by Deloitte and the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited in the last two fiscal years were: 2025 2024 Audit Fees 1 $11,833,000 $11,598,350 Audit-Related Fees 2 2,447,000 2,422,900 Tax Fees 3 25,000 31,500 All Other Fees 4 15,402 4,600 Total $14,320,402 $14,057,350 (1) Audit fees are the aggregate fees for professional services billed in connection with audits of the consolidated annual financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, and reviews of the consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. (2) Audit-related fees include assurance and related services, service auditor reports over internal controls, review of SEC filings, and related services. (3) Tax fees include permitted compliance and advisory services such as tax return review, preparation and compliance, and advice on the application of rules or changes to tax laws. (4) All other fees represent fees not included in audit fees, audit-related fees, and tax fees, and in 2025 include charges for our license for the use of Deloitte s accounting research tool. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 Table of Contents PROPOSAL TWO: RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS In addition to the services listed above, Deloitte provides audit and tax return review and preparation and compliance services to certain unconsolidated mutual funds, charitable trusts, and foundations. The fees for such services are included in the expenses of the mutual funds, charitable trusts, and foundations and borne by the stockholders of the funds and foundations. Amounts billed by Deloitte for these services were $ 3,536,625 for 2025 and $3,487,440 for 2024. These amounts are not included in the expenses of The Charles Schwab Corporation. Non-Audit Services Policies and Procedures The Audit Committee has adopted a policy regarding non-audit services performed by Deloitte. The Audit Committee s policy prohibits engaging Deloitte to perform the following services: any contingent fee arrangement; bookkeeping or other services relating to accounting records or financial statements of the audit client; broker-dealer, investment advisor, or investment banking services; actuarial services; management and human resource functions (including executive search services); legal services or expert services unrelated to the audit; appraisal and valuation services, fairness opinions or contribution-in-kind reports; internal audit outsourcing; financial information systems design and implementation; tax consulting or advice or a tax opinion on an aggressive tax position or on a listed transaction or a confidential transaction as defined by U.S. Department of Treasury regulations; and tax services to employees who have a financial reporting oversight role. The Audit Committee may approve other non-audit services in advance of their performance as part of its review and approval of Deloitte s audit service plan. In addition, the Audit Committee has pre-approved three separate categories of non-audit services under the policy, subject to an annual aggregate dollar limit for each category. If the dollar limit in each of these three categories is reached, the Audit Committee will decide whether to establish an additional spending limit for the category or specifically pre-approve each additional service in the category for the remainder of the year. The three categories are: accounting theory consultation (includes services such as guidance on the application of GAAP to various transactions and guidance on the effects of new accounting pronouncements); assurance and due diligence (includes services such as certain service auditor reports over internal controls, review of SEC filings, consents related to financings that include audited financial statements, merger and acquisition due diligence, audit consultation pertaining to acquisitions or the calculation of gain or loss from dispositions, and employee benefit plan audits); and tax related services (includes tax return review, preparation and compliance, advice on the application of rules or changes to tax laws, and review of tax issues in connection with merger and acquisition activity). Services not subject to pre-approval limits in one of the three categories above require specific pre-approval from the Audit Committee. Fees related to services requiring specific pre-approval are limited, on an annual basis, to 50% of the combination of audit fees, audit-related fees, and tax fees. 36 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL TWO: RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS The policy permits the Audit Committee to delegate pre-approval authority to one or more members of the Audit Committee, provided that the member or members report to the entire Audit Committee pre-approval actions taken since the last Audit Committee meeting. The policy expressly prohibits delegation of pre-approval authority to management. Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee has met and held discussions with management and the company s independent registered public accounting firm. As part of this process, the committee has: reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with management; discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission; and received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent registered public accounting firm s communications with the audit committee concerning independence and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm its independence. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be included in the company s 2025 10-K, for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Audit Committee of the Board of Directors John K. Adams, Jr., Chair Stephen A. Ellis Gerri K. Martin-Flickinger THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Proposal Three: Advisory Approval of Named Executive Officer Compensation This proxy statement contains detailed information in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and executive compensation tables regarding compensation of the NEOs. Our NEOs are those executive officers who are listed in the 2025 SCT. We ask that you provide an advisory vote to approve the following, non-binding resolution on NEO compensation: RESOLVED , that the stockholders of The Charles Schwab Corporation approve the compensation paid to the named executive officers, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and related footnotes, and narrative disclosures. The advisory approval of NEO compensation is required by federal law, and the company currently conducts annual advisory votes on that compensation. Although the vote is not binding on the board or the Compensation Committee, the Compensation Committee intends to consider the vote as part of its evaluation of the company s executive compensation programs. Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Summary This section describes the company s executive compensation program, policies, and practices, and how executive compensation is designed to support the company s strategic objectives. It also summarizes the compensation decisions made for the company s NEOs during 2025: Named Executive Officer Title 1 Richard A. Wurster President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Michael D. Verdeschi Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Walter W. Bettinger II Co-Chairman of the Board Charles R. Schwab Co-Chairman of the Board Jonathan M. Craig Managing Director and Head of Investor Services 1 Titles as of December 31, 2025. 38 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis Table of Contents Summary of the Executive Compensation Program 43 Compensation Planning and the Decision-Making Process 44 Plan Design and Compensation Decisions 46 Compensation Policies 52 2025 Company Performance Highlights In pursuing the Through Clients Eyes strategy, the company achieved the following performance results for 2025: Total Client Assets $11.9 trillion 18% increase year-over-year Net Revenue $23.9 billion 22% increase year-over-year Active Brokerage Accounts 38.5 million 6% increase year-over-year Diluted EPS $4.65 56% increase year-over-year Adjusted Diluted EPS (1) $4.87 ROCE 21% ROTCE (1) 38% Core Net New Assets $519.4 billion 42% increase year-over-year (1) For reconciliation of our results as reported under GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures, including diluted earnings per common share (EPS) to adjusted diluted EPS and ROCE to ROTCE, please see Appendix A beginning on page Appendix A-1. In addition, we are honored to be the recipient of a number of awards and recognitions, including those listed below. StockBrokers.com recognized the company as Best Overall Broker for the second consecutive year in 2025 in its 2026 Annual Awards. For the third year in a row, U.S News World Report recognized the company as the Best Investing Platform Overall in its 2025 U.S News Money Awards, as well as best platform for stock, options, and forex trading. For the 13 th year, Investor s Business Daily recognized the company as a Best Online Broker in its 2026 rankings. Newsweek recognized Charles Schwab for America s Best Customer Service 2025 in its 2025 rankings. For the seventh year in a row, CSB ranked #1 in J.D. Power s U.S. Direct Banking Satisfaction Study. Kiplinger recognized the company as #1 in education and service for 2025. The company ranked #1 in the Advanced Trading, Ease of Use, Customer Service, Stock Research, Mobile Trading Apps and High Net Worth Investors categories of StockBrokers.com 2026 Broker Industry Award rankings. For the ninth year in a row, Points of Light, the world s largest organization dedicated to volunteer service, recognized the company as one of America s 50 most community-minded companies. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 39 Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 2025 was a record year for Schwab. Our clear purpose and unabated focus on serving our clients led to growth on all fronts. Our client focused framework centered on four pillars: offering new products and tools to meet the unique needs of our clients, executing brilliantly on the basics, seeking continuous improvements to scale and efficiency, and attracting talent and empowering that talent to best serve our clients. Our results demonstrate the success of this collective dedication. Doing more for our growing client base bolstered Schwab s diversified revenue model. Clients are conducting more of their lives at Schwab, with record engagement across wealth management, trading, and banking. The combination of our business momentum, strong engagement, and favorable equity markets drove the strong performance results we achieved in 2025. With a relentless focus on clients, we are continuing to innovate with solutions, capabilities, and experiences to meet investors evolving needs. With strong competitive positioning, healthy business fundamentals, and a growing diverse client base our momentum continues to be strong. We are confident that the combination of our Through Clients Eyes strategy and managing through the cycle financial formula will continue to drive sustained long-term profitable growth for our clients and stockholders. Overview of the Executive Compensation Program The executive compensation program supports the company s strategic objectives through the following design principles: Pay for Performance Stockholder Value Creation Risk Management Link executives pay with company financial and stock price performance. Reward executives for individual performance. Promote profitable growth that delivers on the annual and long-term operating plan. Attract, retain, and reward talented executives. Create appropriate balance of risk and reward. Ensure effective governance and risk management practices are in place. 40 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION The Compensation Committee is dedicated to delivering a robust and balanced executive compensation program, that aims to support a strong link between executive pay and the company s financial performance. The executive compensation program uses three primary compensation elements: base salary, annual cash incentives, and LTIs. Certain design aspects and governance practices included in the program are summarized below: Short- and Long-Term Incentives. Both short- and long-term incentive plans are designed to balance sound short-term decision-making with the creation of long-term stockholder value. Equity Awards. A combination of stock options and performance-based restricted stock units (PBRSUs) align executives interests with the creation of long-term stockholder value. Multi-Year Vesting and Performance Periods. Stock options vest annually over four years and PBRSUs vest on the third anniversary of grant based on achievement of multi-year financial goals. Market-Based Analysis. Executive compensation and related practices are regularly evaluated against select peer companies and the broader market to maintain the competitiveness of the company s executive compensation program. Risk Management. Annual review of incentive compensation practices and policies and their potential impact on employee risk-taking. Limited Perquisites. Executives receive limited perquisites with no financial planning assistance or special retirement and/or benefit plans and tax gross-ups only in limited circumstances. Stock Ownership Guidelines. CEO and other executive officers are required to maintain minimum stock ownership levels (5x and 3x base salary, respectively) to reinforce the alignment of their interests with stockholder interests. Recoupment Policies. The Company maintains both the mandatory recoupment policy that aligns with NYSE requirements and a broader policy to ensure coverage of all executive incentive-based compensation. Policy Against Hedging. Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits speculative trading in the company s stock or derivatives thereof, including certain hedging activities. In addition, most executive compensation is delivered through variable, performance-based incentives: 93% for the CEO and 88% on average for the other NEOs . 2025 CEO Pay Mix 1 2025 Average of Pay Mix of All Other Named Executive Officers 1 1 Pay mix is based on amounts in the 2025 SCT. Annual Cash Incentive is the amount reported for the Corporate Executive Bonus Plan (CEBP) in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column of the 2025 SCT. Stock Awards include the amounts reported in the Stock Awards column of the 2025 SCT and represent the annual PBRSU award. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 41 Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Key Executive Compensation Actions for 2025 The Compensation Committee regularly reviews and evaluates the company s executive compensation program and related policies and considers stockholder views regarding executive compensation. For 2025, the Compensation Committee: assessed the competitiveness of executive compensation using peer group and industry survey data; continued to use adjusted diluted EPS as the performance measure for the CEBP to align executives actions around operating performance and capital structure in support of long-term profitability: set target for adjusted diluted EPS in alignment with the company s board-approved 2025 financial plan; provided for a payout of 50% of the target for a threshold level of performance with no payout for performance below the threshold; approved annual cash incentive funding under the CEBP of 116.5% of the target set by the Compensation Committee, based on the company s financial performance; continued to award a mix of LTI comprising 60% PBRSUs and 40% stock options; approved payout under the PBRSUs that vested based on the three-year performance period from January 1, 2023, through December 31, 2025 (the 2023 PBRSU award) at 100.00% of target based on the company s financial performance as measured by ROTCE divided by COE for the three-year performance period; granted PBRSUs with terms similar to prior years to ensure consistent executive focus on long-term performance: cliff vesting and a three-year performance period; performance measured by the amount by which ROTCE exceeds COE; this ratio is appropriate for measuring long-term company performance because it reflects the creation of financial value for stockholders above the cost of capital; threshold level of performance that provides a payout of 50% of the target, providing a below target award opportunity in the event of positive performance that does not meet the target level. Response to Advisory Vote on Say-on-Pay and Stockholder Engagement The Compensation Committee considers the result of the stockholders advisory say-on-pay vote when reviewing and evaluating the executive compensation program throughout the year. The Compensation Committee noted the overall support of the stockholders, who approved the company s advisory say-on-pay proposal with approximately 85% of the vote at the company s 2025 annual meeting of stockholders and a five year average of 91%. The Compensation Committee believes this vote reflects broad support for the executive compensation program and policies. The Compensation Committee continues to review and evaluate the company s executive compensation program and policies in the context of the company s business, regulatory requirements, and evolving best practices. As part of this process, members of investor relations, legal, and human resources meet with stockholders each year on a variety of topics, and the Compensation Committee takes into consideration stockholder views regarding executive compensation. Given the nature of the feedback received through stockholder engagement and the results of the company s 2025 say-on-pay vote, the Compensation Committee determined that the executive compensation program should remain generally consistent with existing practice. 42 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Summary of the Executive Compensation Program The Compensation Committee believes that incorporating three compensation elements fixed base salary, annual cash incentives, and long-term incentives in the form of equity awards into the executive compensation program enables the recruitment and retention of talented executives and incentivizes them to act in the best interests of the company and its stockholders. The executive compensation program favors variable, performance-based opportunities as opposed to fixed base pay in alignment with our pay for performance philosophy. Both short-term incentive opportunities and long-term incentive opportunities are included in the program to ensure there is an appropriate balance of risk and reward. Further, the Compensation Committee chooses incentive plan measures based on their ability to work together to drive executives focus on short-term profitability that supports the creation of value over the long term. Incentive plan design, along with incentive plan goals aligned to the long-term board-approved financial plan, are reviewed and approved annually by the Compensation Committee in its January meeting. Individual compensation targets for each NEO are also approved during this meeting. The table below provides additional detail about the objective of each compensation element and how each element supports the design principles of pay for performance, stockholder value creation, and risk management. Element of Compensation Fixed Variable Base Salary Annual Cash Incentives Long-Term Incentives (Schwab Stock) Objective Provides a fixed level of compensation Aligns pay with both individual and company performance Aligns pay with long-term value creation Design Principle Pay for Performance Reward NEOs for individual performance Link pay with company financial and stock performance Stockholder Value Creation Promote profitable growth that delivers on the annual and long-term operating plan Attract, retain, and reward talented executives Risk Management Create appropriate balance of risk and reward Ensure effective governance and risk management practices are in place THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 43 Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Compensation Planning and the Decision-Making Process The Compensation Committee receives input from several sources throughout the year that help inform its decision-making. Data and advice from its independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy, feedback from stockholders, information from external market practice surveys, and individual performance and risk assessments are all considered by the Compensation Committee when determining plan design and making compensation decisions for the NEOs. Executives recuse themselves when the Compensation Committee deliberates or votes on their compensation. While the Compensation Committee considers the information provided by management and Semler Brossy, it does not delegate authority to management for executive compensation decisions. The Compensation Committee does not use a formula or assign a weight to the various factors considered in setting compensation and does not target a specific percentage mix between cash compensation and LTI or any specific percentage of total compensation for each compensation element. This approach aims to align short-term achievements with long-term value creation, and to support a strong link between executive pay and the company s financial performance. 44 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Peer Group The Compensation Committee uses a peer group as a market reference point for plan design, assessment of the competitiveness of the executive compensation program, and when making pay decisions for executives and non-employee directors. Potential peers are selected from a broad group of companies in select industries based on an evaluation of the following factors: quantitative: revenue; market capitalization; and number of employees; and qualitative: business model; geographic coverage; and competition for customers and/or employees. There are a limited number of companies comparable to the company in terms of business model and geographical coverage. The Compensation Committee aims to create a balanced composition of brokerage firms, banking and asset management companies, and companies that provide custody services and process a significant daily volume of consumer financial transactions. The Compensation Committee reviews the peer group annually to ensure that it remains relevant as a market reference tool. Modifications are made as necessary to reflect changes within the company, among peers, or within the industry. In the fall of 2024, the Compensation Committee reviewed the peer group based on the factors noted above and did not make any changes. The peer group used for compensation analyses for 2025 was: Asset Management Ameriprise Financial Blackrock, Inc. Franklin Resources Goldman Sachs Northern Trust T. Rowe Price Group 6 Peers Brokerage Fidelity Investments LPL Financial Holdings Morgan Stanley Raymond James Financial 4 Peers Banking Fifth Third Bank PNC Financial Group, Inc. Truist U.S. Bancorp 4 Peers Custody and Processing Bank of New York Mellon Discover Financial Services Mastercard, Inc. PayPal State Street Visa, Inc. 6 Peers During the annual review of the peer group to be used in 2026, the Compensation Committee approved the removal of Discover Financial Services due to its acquisition by Capital One. The Committee also approved the removal of Fidelity Investments, noting the lack of readily available executive compensation disclosures. The Committee will continue to review Fidelity and other similar companies and will consider including them in the peer group if they become publicly traded companies subject to executive compensation disclosure requirements. Compensation Consultant Under its charter, the Compensation Committee is authorized to retain the services of an external compensation consultant to provide guidance and advice to the committee on all matters covered by its charter. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee engaged Semler Brossy as its external compensation consultant and approved all the terms of the engagement. In 2025, Semler Brossy performed the following key services: attended and participated in each Compensation Committee meeting held during 2025; advised on market trends, competitive practices, and the peer group composition; advised on compensation for the CEO, the Co-Chairmen, and the other executive officers; reviewed tally sheets, reflecting each executive officer s total compensation and compensation mix; provided an annual comparative review of the performance and executive pay levels for the company and its peer group; reviewed the company s annual cash incentive and LTI design against incentives used by peer group companies; and advised on new regulations impacting the executive compensation program. THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 45 Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Semler Brossy was engaged by the Compensation Committee directly and does not provide other services for the company. To assess Semler Brossy s independence, the Compensation Committee reviews information regarding potential conflicts of interest, including any other services Semler Brossy provides to the company, fees received from the company as a percentage of Semler Brossy s total revenue, policies and procedures designed to prevent conflicts of interest, any business and/or personal relationships with members of the Compensation Committee, company stock owned, and any business and/or personal relationships between Semler Brossy consultants and any executive officer of the company. The annual independence assessment for 2025 did not identify any conflicts of interest or independence issues related to Semler Brossy s services. Plan Design and Compensation Decisions The following describes each compensation element included in the executive compensation program, along with the compensation decisions made and any changes made for 2025. Base Salary Base salary is a fixed element of executive compensation. NEOs receive a small percentage of their overall compensation in base salary. Base salaries are established at levels intended to attract, motivate, and retain talented executive officers. The Compensation Committee reviews base salary annually or at the time of promotion or hire, as applicable. The Compensation Committee approved the base salaries listed below in its January 2025 meeting, effective February 24, 2025, except that for Mr. Wurster and Mr. Bettinger, the Compensation Committee approved the base salary adjustments effective January 1, 2025, the effective date of the leadership transition announced in September 2024. Executive 2024 Base Salary 2025 Base Salary Change ($) Change (%) Richard A. Wurster $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $ 250,000 25.0% Michael D. Verdeschi $ 900,000 $ 930,000 $ 30,000 3.3% Walter W. Bettinger II $1,500,000 $ 850,000 $(650,000 ) (43.3)% Charles R. Schwab $ 900,000 $ 900,000 $ 0 0% Jonathan M. Craig $ 775,000 $ 835,000 $ 60,000 7.7% Annual Cash Incentive Each NEO is eligible to earn an annual cash incentive pursuant to the CEBP, the intent of which is to reward executives for strong results during the performance year, in support of long-term value creation. In the first quarter of 2025, the Compensation Committee established the performance criterion for the CEBP, set performance goals, and approved a target bonus award, expressed as a percentage of base salary, for each NEO. The Compensation Committee chose to use adjusted diluted EPS as the performance criterion for the CEBP because it believes the measure provides a comprehensive assessment of the company s profitability and focuses executives on operating performance and decisions around capital structure. As part of the CEBP, adjusted diluted EPS goals and payouts were established with a matrix of threshold, target, and maximum performance goals with potential payouts ranging from 0% to 200% of a target award. Awards would be paid out at 100% of target if the target adjusted diluted EPS goal set by the Compensation Committee, in alignment with the company s 2025 financial plan approved by the board, was achieved. The matrix established both a threshold level of performance that was equal to 50% of the target adjusted diluted EPS goal and a maximum level of performance that was equal to 200% of the target adjusted diluted EPS goal. Payouts for adjusted diluted EPS 46 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION results between threshold and target and between target and maximum levels would be interpolated. No payout would be made for performance below the threshold, and no additional payout would be made for performance above the maximum. When determining whether and the extent to which the performance goal has been achieved, the Compensation Committee reviews unusual gains and losses and whether results have been achieved in a manner consistent with the company s risk profile. Based on this review, the Compensation Committee may exercise discretion to reduce payout levels. For 2025, the Compensation Committee approved the following threshold, target, and maximum performance goals for adjusted diluted EPS in line with the company s 2025 financial plan approved by the board, and the following result was achieved: 2025 Annual Cash Incentive Performance Criterion and Result * For purposes of the CEBP, adjusted diluted EPS is defined as the fully diluted EPS for net income available to common stockholders calculated in accordance with GAAP for the applicable performance period, adjusted to remove the after-tax fully diluted per share impact of (i) acquisition and integration-related costs, (ii) amortization of acquired intangible assets, and (iii) restructuring costs, as defined by the company s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Policy and supported by the company s policy guidance defining acquisition and integration-related and restructuring costs. Adjusted diluted EPS is