=== PEG_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A), Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities, and other filings we make with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. These factors include, but are not limited to: any inability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, or construct transmission and distribution, and our nuclear generation projects; significant resource adequacy challenges that present affordability and reliability concerns and that could cause policymakers to implement responsive measures that could have a material, adverse impact on our business, strategy, growth rates, cash flows, results of operation, and financial condition and increase regulatory uncertainty for utility investment initiatives and programs; the physical, financial and transition risks related to climate change, including risks relating to potentially increased legislative and regulatory burdens, changing customer preferences and lawsuits; any equipment failures, gas explosions, accidents, critical operating technology or business system failures, natural disasters, severe weather events, acts of war, terrorism or other acts of violence, sabotage, physical attacks or security breaches, cyberattacks or other incidents that may impact our ability to provide safe and reliable service to our customers; any inability to recover the carrying amount of our long-lived assets; disruptions or cost increases in our supply chain, including labor shortages; any inability to maintain sufficient liquidity or access sufficient capital on commercially reasonable terms; the impact of cybersecurity attacks or intrusions or other disruptions to our information technology, operational or other systems; failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce; increases in the costs of equipment, materials, fuel, services and labor; the impact of our covenants in our debt instruments and credit agreements on our business; adverse performance of our defined benefit plan trust funds and Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Fund and increases in funding requirements; any inability to enter into or extend certain significant contracts; development, adoption and use of Artificial Intelligence by us and our third-party vendors; fluctuations in, or third-party default risk in wholesale power and natural gas markets, including the potential impacts on the economic viability of our generation units; our ability to obtain adequate nuclear fuel supply; iii Table of Contents changes in technology related to energy generation, distribution and consumption and changes in customer usage patterns; third-party credit risk relating to our sale of nuclear generation output and purchase of nuclear fuel; any inability to meet our commitments under forward sale obligations and Regional Transmission Organization rules; risks associated with generation activities at, and operation of, the Peach Bottom plants, which are similar to those to which nuclear generation plants that we operate are subject; the impact of changes in state and federal legislation and regulations on our business, including PSE G s ability to recover costs and earn returns on authorized investments; PSE G s proposed investment projects or programs may not be fully approved by regulators and its capital investment may be lower than planned; our ability to receive sufficient financial support for our New Jersey nuclear plants from the markets, and/or production tax credits; adverse changes in and non-compliance with energy industry laws, policies, regulations and standards, including market structures and transmission planning and transmission returns; risks associated with our ownership and operation of nuclear facilities, including increased nuclear fuel storage costs, regulatory risks, such as compliance with the Atomic Energy Act and trade control, environmental and other regulations, as well as operational, financial, environmental and health and safety risks; changes in or violation of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations and enforcement; delays in receipt of, or an inability to receive, necessary licenses and permits and siting approvals; and changes in tax laws and regulations. All of the forward-looking statements made in this report are qualified by these cautionary statements and we cannot assure you that the results or developments anticipated by management will be realized or even if realized, will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, us or our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decision. Forward-looking statements made in this report apply only as of the date of this report. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even in light of new information or future events, unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are intended to qualify for the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. From time to time, PSEG and PSE G release important information via postings on their corporate Investor Relations website at https://investor.pseg.com. Investors and other interested parties are encouraged to visit the Investor Relations website to review new postings. You can sign up for automatic email alerts regarding new postings at the bottom of the webpage at https://investor.pseg.com or by navigating to the Email Alerts webpage at https://investor.pseg.com/resources/email-alerts/default.aspx. The information on https://investor.pseg.com and https://investor.pseg.com/resources/email-alerts/default.aspx is not incorporated herein and is not part of this Form 10-K. iv Table of Contents FILING F ORMAT This combined Annual Report on Form 10-K is separately filed by Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated (PSEG) and Public Service Electric and Gas Company (PSE G). Information relating to any individual company is filed by such company on its own behalf. PSE G is only responsible for information about itself and its subsidiaries. Discussions throughout the document refer to PSEG and its direct operating subsidiaries. Depending on the context of each section, references to we, us, and our relate to PSEG or to the specific company or companies being discussed. WHERE TO FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may obtain our filed documents from commercial document retrieval services, the SEC s internet website at www.sec.gov or our website at https://investor.pseg.com. Information on our website should not be deemed incorporated into or as a part of this report. Our Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol PEG. You can obtain information about us at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., 11 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005. PA RT I ITEM 1. BUSINESS We were incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey in 1985 and our principal executive offices are located at 80 Park Plaza, Newark, New Jersey 07102. We are a public utility holding company that, acting through our wholly owned subsidiaries, is a predominantly regulated electric and gas utility and a nuclear generation business. Our business plan focuses on achieving growth by allocating capital primarily toward regulated investments in an effort to continue to improve the sustainability and predictability of our business and realizing the value of the consistent and reliable carbon-free generation from our nuclear units. As a holding company, our profitability depends on our subsidiaries operating results. We principally conduct our business through two direct wholly owned subsidiaries, PSE G and PSEG Power LLC (PSEG Power), described below, each of which also has its principal executive offices at 80 Park Plaza, Newark, New Jersey 07102. PSE G A New Jersey corporation, incorporated in 1924, which is a franchised public utility in New Jersey. It is also the provider of last resort for gas and electric commodity service for end users in its service territory. PSE G earns revenues from its regulated rate tariffs under which it provides electric transmission and electric and natural gas distribution to residential, commercial and industrial (C I) customers in its service territory. It also offers appliance services and repairs to customers throughout its service territory and invests in regulated solar generation projects and regulated energy efficiency (EE) and related programs in New Jersey. PSEG Power A Delaware limited liability company formed in 1999 as a result of the deregulation and restructuring of the electric power industry in New Jersey. PSEG Power earns revenues primarily by selling energy and capacity from its nuclear generation units and from the sale of wholesale natural gas through a full-requirements contract with PSE G. PSEG Power also enters into bilateral contracts for energy, gas and other energy-related contracts to optimize the value of its portfolio of generating assets and its gas supply obligations. Our other direct wholly owned subsidiaries are: PSEG Long Island LLC (PSEG LI), which operates the Long Island Power Authority s (LIPA) electric transmission and distribution (T D) system under a contractual agreement; PSEG Energy Holdings L.L.C. (Energy Holdings), which primarily holds our legacy lease investments and competitively bid, FERC regulated transmission; and PSEG Services Corporation (Services), which provides us and our operating subsidiaries with certain management, administrative and general services at cost. 1 Table of Contents OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY PSE G Our regulated T D public utility, PSE G, distributes electric energy and natural gas to customers within a designated service territory running diagonally across New Jersey where approximately 6.8 million people, or about 74% of New Jersey s population resides. Products and Services Our utility operations primarily earn margins through: Transmission the movement of electricity at high voltage from generating plants to substations and transformers, where it is then reduced to a lower voltage for distribution to homes, businesses and industrial customers. Our revenues for these services are based upon tariffs approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Distribution the delivery of electricity and gas to the retail customer s home, business or industrial facility. Our revenues for these services are based upon tariffs approved by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (BPU). The commodity portion of our utility business electric and gas sales is managed by basic generation service (BGS) and basic gas supply service (BGSS) suppliers. Pricing for those services is set by the BPU as a pass-through, resulting in no margin for our utility operations. In addition, we continue to invest in and pursue opportunities in regulated clean energy programs, including EE, electric vehicle (EV) make-ready charging infrastructure and other potential investments. We also earn margins through competitive services, such as appliance repair, in our service territory. How PSE G Operates We are a transmission owner in PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. (PJM) which is an Independent System Operator (ISO) and Regional Transmission Organization (RTO) that operates the electric transmission system in the Mid-Atlantic Region, 2 Table of Contents including New Jersey and the surrounding states. We provide distribution service to 2.4 million electric customers and 1.9 million gas customers in a service area that covers approximately 2,600 square miles running diagonally across New Jersey. We serve the most densely populated, commercialized and industrialized territory in New Jersey, including its six largest cities and approximately 300 suburban and rural communities. Transmission We use formula rates for our transmission cost of service and investments. Formula rates provide a method of rate recovery where the transmission owner annually determines its revenue requirements through a fixed formula that provides for a recovery of our operating costs and a return of and on our capital investments in the system, net of accumulated depreciation and deferred tax liabilities (also known as rate base) using an approved return on equity (ROE) in developing the weighted average cost of capital. Under this formula, rates are put into effect in January of each year based upon our internal forecast of annual expenses and capital expenditures. Rates are subsequently trued up to reflect actual annual expenses and capital expenditures. Our transmission revenues are not impacted by sales volumes. Our current approved transmission rates provide for a base ROE of 9.90% and a 50 basis point adder for our membership in PJM as an RTO. See Item 7. MD A Executive Overview of 2025 and Future Outlook for additional information. Distribution PSE G distributes electricity and natural gas to end users in our respective franchised service territories. Our distribution rates are subject to periodic rate cases approved by the BPU. In October 2024, the BPU issued an Order approving the settlement of PSE G s electric and gas distribution base rate case with new rates effective October 15, 2024. The Order provided for a $17.8 billion rate base, a 9.6% return on equity for PSE G s distribution business and a 55% equity component of its capitalization structure. For additional information, see Item 8. Note 5. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities. The BPU has also approved a series of PSE G infrastructure, EE, EV and renewable energy investment programs with cost recovery through various clause mechanisms. For a discussion of proposed and approved programs, see Investment Clause Programs as follows and Item 7. MD A Executive Overview of 2025 and Future Outlook. Our load requirements are split among commercial, residential and industrial customers, as shown in the following table for 2025: % of 2025 Sales Customer Type Electric Gas Commercial 57 % 38 % Residential 34 % 58 % Industrial 9 % 4 % Total 100 % 100 % Our customer base has modestly increased since 2021, with electric and gas loads changing as illustrated in the following table: Electric and Gas Distribution Statistics Customers as of December 31, 2025 Historical Annual Customer Growth 2021-2025 Electric Sales and Firm Gas Sales for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 (A) Historical Annual Load Increase 2021-2025 Electric 2.4 million 0.9% 40,561 Gigawatt Hours 0.4% Gas 1.9 million 0.7% 2,633 Million Therms 2.1% (A) Excludes sales from Gas rate classes that do not impact margin, specifically Contract, Non-Firm Transportation, Cogeneration Interruptible and Interruptible Services. 3 Table of Contents As part of the BPU's approval of the Clean Energy Future-Energy Efficiency (CEF-EE) filing in 2021, we implemented the Conservation Incentive Program (CIP) that trues up PSE G s distribution margin to a rate case-approved baseline per customer for the majority of our customers. As a result, electric and gas sales volumes and demands are no longer a driver of our margin and over 90% of our Electric and Gas Distribution margin will only vary based upon the number of customers. While load has modestly decreased in the past due to a decline in larger industrial customers, greater EE and other factors, a significant increase in load is anticipated due to the increasing adoption of EVs, the expansion of data centers and other large users in our area, ongoing growth in the number of customers, other sources of electrification and other factors, which will collectively drive the need for increased system investment. Investment Clause Programs The following table lists our major approved investment clause programs that are in progress: Program Investment Approval Date Term of Investment Year Started CEF-EE II $2.9 billion 2024 6 years 2025 CEF-EE $1.6 billion 2020 5 years (A) 2020 Gas System Modernization Program (GSMP) III $1.4 billion 2025 3 years (B) 2026 GSMP II Extension $902 million 2023 2 years (C) 2024 Infrastructure Advancement Program (IAP) $511 million 2022 4 years 2022 CEF-EV $166 million 2021 ~6 years 2021 (A) Rolling three-year program with over 80% of spending within 5 years, with limited spending thereafter. (B) The program has a small amount of trailing costs expected to be spent in year 4. (C) The program has a small amount of trailing costs expected to be spent in year 3. To date, we launched three of the four components of our CEF : EE designed to achieve EE targets required under New Jersey s Clean Energy Act through a suite of ten programs for residential, C I programs, including low-income, multi-family, small business and local government. Energy Cloud (EC) driven by the implementation of smart meters, and new software and product solutions to improve our processes and better manage the electric grid. This project was completed in 2024. EV primarily relating to preparatory work to deliver infrastructure to the charging point for three programs: residential smart charging; Level-2 mixed use charging; and direct current (dc) fast charging. Our CEF-Energy Storage (ES) program, which was filed with the BPU in October 2018, is being held in abeyance. GSMP III designed to replace at least 600 miles of cast iron and unprotected steel mains and services in our gas system. GSMP II Extension designed to replace at least 400 miles of cast iron and unprotected steel mains and services in our gas system. IAP designed to improve the reliability of the last mile of our electric distribution system and address aging substations and gas metering and regulation stations. See Item 7. MD A Executive Overview of 2025 and Future Outlook for additional information. Solar Generation We have also undertaken solar initiatives at PSE G, which primarily invest in utility-owned solar photovoltaic (PV) grid-connected solar systems installed on PSE G property and third-party sites with our economics driven by our net investment in solar, with a contemporaneous return on that rate base. 4 Table of Contents Supply We make no margin on the default supply of electricity and gas since the actual costs are passed through to our customers. All electric and gas customers in New Jersey have the ability to choose their electric energy and/or gas supplier. Pursuant to BPU requirements, we serve as the supplier of last resort for two types of electric and gas customers within our service territory that are not served by another supplier. The first type provides default supply service for smaller C I customers and residential customers at seasonally-adjusted fixed prices for a three-year term (BGS-Residential Small Commercial Pricing (RSCP)). These rates change annually on June 1 and are based on the average price obtained at auctions in the current year and two prior years. The second type provides default supply for larger customers, with energy priced at hourly PJM real-time market prices for a contract term of 12 months (BGS-Commercial Industrial Energy Pricing). We procure the supply to meet our BGS obligations through auctions authorized by the BPU for New Jersey s total BGS requirement. These auctions take place annually in February. Once approved by the BPU, electricity prices for BGS service are set. Approximately one-third of PSE G s total BGS-RSCP eligible load is auctioned each year for a three-year term. For information on current prices, see Item 8. Note 12. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. PSE G procures the supply requirements of its default service BGSS gas customers through a full-requirements contract with PSEG Power. The BPU has approved a mechanism designed to recover all gas commodity costs related to BGSS for residential customers. BGSS filings are made annually by June 1 of each year, with a targeted effective date of provisional rates by October 1. PSE G s revenues are matched with its costs using deferral accounting, with the goal of achieving a zero cumulative balance by September 30 of each year. In addition, we have the ability to put in place two self-implementing BGSS increases on December 1 and February 1 of up to 5% and also may reduce the BGSS rate at any time and/or provide bill credits. Any difference between rates charged under the BGSS contract and rates charged to our residential customers is deferred and collected or refunded through adjustments in future rates. C I customers that do not select third-party suppliers are also supplied under the BGSS arrangement. These customers are charged a market-based price largely determined by prices for commodity futures contracts. PSEG Power Other PSEG Power Other is predominantly comprised of its nuclear generation assets, its natural gas supply operations, the Operating Services Agreement (OSA) of PSEG LI with LIPA, and other legacy investments. PSEG Power is a public utility within the meaning of the Federal Power Act (FPA) and the payments it receives and how it operates are subject to FERC regulation. PSEG Power Products and Services As a nuclear generation owner and operator, our revenue has been derived primarily from energy, capacity and ancillary services sold to PJM in the spot markets. These products and services may also be hedged through exchange markets or bilaterally. PSEG Power also sells wholesale natural gas, primarily through a full-requirements BGSS contract with PSE G to meet the needs of PSE G s default service customers. In 2022, the BPU approved an extension of the long-term BGSS contract to March 31, 2027, and thereafter the contract remains in effect unless terminated by either party with a two-year notice. PSEG Power supplies PSE G s peak daily gas requirements through its balanced portfolio of firm gas transportation capacity, storage contracts, contract peaking supply, and liquefied natural gas and propane. Based upon the availability of natural gas beyond PSE G s actual daily needs, PSEG Power sells gas to other customers and shares these proceeds with PSE G s customers. How PSEG Power s Nuclear Generation Operates As of December 31, 2025, PSEG Power had 3,758 MW of nuclear generation capacity. All of our nuclear generation capacity is located in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. 5 Table of Contents Our nuclear generation is considered to be base load. Base load units run the most and typically are called to operate whenever they are available. Variable operating costs are low due to the combination of highly efficient operations and the use of relatively lower-cost fuels. Performance is generally measured by the unit s capacity factor, or the ratio of the actual output to the theoretical maximum output. Nuclear Fuel Supply We have long-term contracts for nuclear fuel. These contracts provide for: purchase of uranium (concentrates and uranium hexafluoride), conversion of uranium concentrates to uranium hexafluoride, enrichment of uranium hexafluoride, and fabrication of nuclear fuel assemblies. We expect to be able to meet the nuclear fuel supply demands of our operations. However, there are limited suppliers for certain aspects of this supply chain and the ability to maintain an adequate fuel supply could be affected by several factors not within our control, including changes in prices and demand, tariffs, curtailments by suppliers, severe weather, environmental regulations, war and hostilities, and other factors. For additional information and a discussion of risks, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. MD A Executive Overview of 2025 and Future Outlook and Item 8. Note 12. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. Markets and Market Pricing All of PSEG Power s nuclear generation assets are located within the PJM RTO. In PJM, owners of power plants specify prices at which they are prepared to generate and sell energy based on the marginal cost of generating energy from each individual unit. Typically, the bid price of the last unit dispatched by PJM establishes the energy market-clearing price. This method of determining supply and pricing creates a situation where natural gas prices often have a major influence on the price that generators will receive for their output, especially in periods of relatively strong or weak demand. Therefore, changes in the price of natural gas will often translate into changes in the wholesale price of electricity and will continue to have a strong influence on the price of electricity in the markets in which we operate. Market wholesale prices may vary by location resulting from congestion or other factors and do not necessarily reflect our contract prices. Forward prices are volatile and there can be no assurance that current forward prices will remain in effect or that we will be able to contract output at these forward prices. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law expanding incentives that promote carbon-free generation. The enacted legislation established the production tax credit (PTC) for electricity generation using nuclear energy, which began January 1, 2024 and is available through 2032. PSEG Power s nuclear plants are eligible to benefit from the PTC. The expected PTC rate is up to $15 per megawatt hour (MWh) subject to adjustment based upon a facility s gross receipts and meeting prevailing wage rules. The PTC rate and the gross receipts threshold are subject to annual inflation adjustments. Until additional guidance is issued by the U.S. Treasury, the final realized value of the PTC is subject to adjustment, which may be material. PSEG did not record any PTCs for any of its nuclear units in 2025 as gross receipts exceeded the level at which we would receive PTCs. However, the PTC continues to provide a benefit to our nuclear units by helping to mitigate the exposure to potential downside market volatility. Our nuclear generating units performance and market prices have a considerable effect on our profitability. The PTC is designed to increase with inflation, and therefore, future inflation levels will impact the potential financial support for our nuclear units. In addition, market revenues in excess of the PTC threshold provide opportunity for incremental benefit. PSEG Power s Salem 1, Salem 2 and Hope Creek nuclear plants were also awarded zero emission certificates (ZECs) by the BPU through May 2025. These nuclear plants received ZEC revenue from the electric distribution companies (EDCs) in New Jersey, which was equivalent to approximately $10/MWh. ZEC revenue recorded was reduced by the estimated PTCs generated from PSEG Power s Salem 1, Salem 2, and Hope Creek nuclear plants. ZEC revenue will be adjusted based upon 6 Table of Contents the actual amount of the PTCs when guidance is issued on how to calculate gross receipts and that adjustment could be material. In addition to energy sales, we earn revenue from capacity payments for our generating assets. These payments are compensation for committing our generating units to PJM for dispatch at its discretion. Capacity payments reflect the value to PJM of assurance that there will be sufficient generating capacity available at all times to meet system reliability and energy requirements. In PJM the market design for capacity payments provides for a forward-looking, capacity pricing mechanism through the Reliability Pricing Model (RPM). For additional information regarding auction delays, complaints against PJM regarding RPM, PJM and FERC actions related to the capacity market construct and resulting market uncertainty, see Regulatory Issues Federal Regulation. The prices to be received by generating units in PJM for capacity have been set through RPM base residual and incremental auctions and depend upon the zone in which the generating unit is located. The average capacity prices that PSEG expects to receive from the base residual and incremental auctions which have been completed are disclosed in Item 8. Note 2. Revenues. In addition, the PJM capacity market imposes performance obligations and non-performance penalties on resources during times of system stress. These rules provide an opportunity for bonus payments or require the payment of penalties depending on whether a unit is available during a performance interval. Hedging Strategy Generally, we seek to hedge the financial risks of our generation through sales at PJM West or other nodes corresponding to our nuclear generation portfolio. Our hedge transactions in PJM generally reflect energy sales at the liquid PJM Western Hub or other basis locations when available and other transactions that seek to secure price certainty for our energy output. Our hedging practices help to manage some of the volatility of the nuclear generation business when forward prices are greater than the level at which we would receive PTCs. To mitigate volatility in our results, we seek to contract in advance to hedge the price exposure for a significant portion of our anticipated electric output, capacity and fuel needs. Our hedging strategy also considers the risk reduction impact of the PTC, as the PTC is intended to provide sufficient and stable support for nuclear units. While the PTC eligibility period began in January 2024, the U.S. Treasury has yet to issue guidance regarding the definition of gross receipts. We continue to analyze the impact of the IRA on our nuclear units, including potential future guidance from the U.S. Treasury, potential impacts on hedging strategies and overall financial support. We historically have sold a portion of our anticipated generation over a multi-year forward horizon, normally over a period of up to three years, while also retaining the flexibility to add hedges for longer terms if market conditions are favorable. Our hedging strategy has incorporated an estimated range of risk reduction impacts from the PTCs on our nuclear generation portfolio while retaining the ability to benefit when market pricing exceeds the level at which we would receive PTCs. As of December 31, 2025, we expect that our current portfolio position for 2026 will result in the realized value of our nuclear generation output being above the level at which we would receive PTCs. Our strategy may continue to evolve taking into account energy market conditions, PTC guidance uncertainty, and potential incremental changes upon receiving U.S. Treasury guidance. Our fuel strategy is to maintain certain levels of uranium in inventory and to make periodic purchases to support such levels. LIPA Operations Services Agreement (OSA) PSEG LI has been operating LIPA s electric T D system in Long Island, New York since 2014 under a 12-year OSA with LIPA that expired on December 31, 2025. In 2025, a five year extension of the contract was approved. A competitor in the contract bidding process filed litigation against LIPA challenging the process. LIPA filed a motion to dismiss the competitor s claim as untimely, which was granted by the New York Supreme Court in December 2025. The competitor filed an appeal in January 2026. 7 Table of Contents Under the OSA, PSEG LI acts as LIPA s agent in performing many of its obligations and in return (a) is prefunded for pass-through operating expenditures, (b) receives a fixed management fee and (c) is eligible to receive an incentive fee contingent on meeting established performance metrics. Competitively Bid, FERC Regulated Transmission PSEG continues to evaluate investment opportunities in regulated transmission. In December 2023, PJM awarded us an approximately $424 million project to construct a 500 kV transmission line to address increasing load and reliability issues in Maryland and northern Virginia as part of its 2022 Window 3 competitive solicitation. PJM directed that the project be placed in service in 2027. However, based on the procedural timeline established by order of the Maryland Public Service Commission, we do not currently believe a 2027 in-service date for the project is reasonably achievable. We are continuing to take all available steps to obtain approvals for timely project execution. We cannot predict the outcome. PSEG will continue to evaluate opportunities to participate in transmission solicitation processes and may decide to submit bids for these opportunities, some of which could be material investments. For additional information, see Item 7. MD A Executive Overview of 2025 and Future Outlook. Energy Holdings Energy Holdings maintains our portfolio of legacy lease investments. See Item 8. Note 7. Long-Term Investments and Note 8. Financing Receivables for additional information. COMPETIT IVE ENVIRONMENT PSE G Our T D business is not affected when customers choose alternate electric or gas suppliers since we earn our return on our net investment in rate base to provide T D service, not by supplying the commodity. Based on our transmission formula rate and the CIP program for electric and gas distribution, we are also minimally impacted by changes in customers usage. Our growth is driven by (i) our investment program to deliver energy more reliably by investing to meet anticipated demand growth and modernizing our electric transmission and electric and gas distribution system and (ii) investing in programs that meet State targets to help deliver cleaner energy, including our EE programs to help customers use less energy and investment programs to build EV infrastructure and solar generation. There may also be opportunities to expand into related energy infrastructure, including generation and storage, though participation in these areas is subject to regulatory approval and market design, which continues to evolve. That growth can be affected by customer cost pressures which could result from higher commodity costs, higher supply costs to support subsidized renewable generation, higher operating costs, higher tax rates, macro-economic conditions including inflation, and other factors. Further, technological advances could impact the rate of growth of our gas and electric T D businesses. Changes previously ordered by FERC and implemented by PJM and other ISOs to eliminate contractual provisions that previously provided us a right of first refusal to construct new transmission projects in our service territory could result in third-party construction of transmission lines in our area in the future and also allow us to seek opportunities to build in other service territories. While there has been minimal impact so far, these rules continue to evolve so both the extent of the risk within our service territory and the opportunities for our transmission business elsewhere remain difficult to assess. PSEG Power Various market participants compete with us and one another in transacting in the wholesale energy markets and entering into bilateral contracts. Our competitors include but are not limited to merchant generators, utility generators, energy marketers, retailers, private equity firms, and other financial entities. Anticipated demand growth and the pace of that relative to retirements of existing firm generation and new additions of intermittent and firm generation capacity, as well as subsidized generation capacity, or technological advances could impact forward market prices in the future. 8 Table of Contents PJM has a capacity market that has been approved by FERC. FERC regulates this market and must approve market design rule changes proposed by PJM. For information regarding recent actions by FERC relating to capacity market design, see the discussion in Regulatory Issues Federal Regulation. Environmental issues could also impact our competitiveness, including requirements regarding capital investments at our nuclear stations, such as cooling towers, and could lead to a material adverse effect, while other actions to further regulate carbon dioxide emissions could better position our nuclear plants. HUMAN CAPI TAL MANAGEMENT Our human capital management strategy is integrated with our overall business strategy. Our values and strong culture of inclusion support our goal to attract, develop and retain a high performing diverse workforce - one with the skill sets to succeed in a rapidly evolving environment. We believe in treating people with dignity and respect, protecting each of our fundamental human rights, and striving to maintain the high standards of ethical conduct on which our business and reputation have been built. The Organization and Compensation Committee of the PSEG Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of PSEG s human capital management strategy and risks. It is updated regularly on matters related to culture, executive compensation, and leadership succession and development. Safety metrics, such as leading indicators, serious injury rate, Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) recordable incidence rate, and OSHA days away from work rate, are regularly monitored and reported to our Board. Fifty-nine percent of our workforce is represented by six unions under various collective bargaining agreements that cover wages, benefits and other terms and conditions of employment. Our current agreements with all six unions remain in place until 2027 and support strategic objectives and business goals. The following chart presents our total employee population indicating percentages of employees that are represented by a labor organization: As of December 31, 2025, women constituted approximately 28% of our non-represented employees and 19% of our total workforce. People who are racially/ethnically diverse constituted approximately 36% of our non-represented employees and 31% of our total workforce. Safety and Security The safety and security of our employees and the public are integrated into our culture and business operations. We demonstrate this by providing support to employees so that everyone is empowered and encouraged to question, stop and correct any unsafe act or condition and provide feedback on safety and security matters. We take measures to provide employees with proper knowledge, training and protective equipment to maintain their personal health and safety and to mitigate workplace risks. Employee Experience Engagement We provide our dedicated workforce the tools, the resources and an inclusive workplace culture needed to deliver safe and reliable energy to our customers. Under our Inclusion for All program, we embrace a broad definition of diversity as reflected in our values where we look to embrace each other s differences. Our efforts are supported by our Employee Business Resource Groups and Local Inclusion Teams within our business units and field locations. We seek to offer opportunities that 9 Table of Contents are relevant and accessible to all employees, including community outreach, volunteerism, mentorship, recognition and professional development. To determine if we are being responsive to the needs of our employees, we routinely assess the impact of our work by soliciting employee feedback through focus groups, listening sessions, pulse surveys and a biennial employee engagement survey. Talent Management Our recruitment strategy is focused on hiring a workforce to meet our business objectives, including critical skilled trades roles. We have a comprehensive workforce planning strategy to support our hiring needs. It includes hiring ahead of attrition for skilled trades roles, community outreach, workforce development and strategic sourcing with key external partners like trade schools, colleges, county workforce development boards, and other non-profit partners. We value the growth and development of all our employees and offer a variety of opportunities to enhance their skills and abilities. We hold talent reviews and succession discussions regularly for leadership and critical positions to support workforce planning. We use tailored development opportunities and other tools to build a strong internal pipeline that is ready to take the next step in their careers. We continue to focus on upskilling roles to adapt to evolving technologies and digital advancements. Total Rewards Program We support the wellbeing of our employees through a comprehensive total rewards program. We provide competitive compensation to our workforce and offer a benefits program that is designed to support physical, emotional, social and financial wellbeing. REGULAT ORY ISSUES In the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to regulation by, and are party to various claims and regulatory proceedings with FERC, the BPU, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and various state and federal environmental regulators, among others. For information regarding material matters, other than those discussed below, see Item 8. Note 12. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. In addition, information regarding PSE G s specific filings pending before the BPU is discussed in Item 8. Note 5. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities. Federal Regulation FERC is an independent federal agency that regulates the transmission of electric energy and natural gas in interstate commerce and the sale of electric energy and natural gas at wholesale pursuant to the FPA and the Natural Gas Act. PSE G and certain operating subsidiaries of PSEG Power are public utilities as defined by the FPA. FERC has extensive oversight over such public utilities. FERC approval is usually required when a public utility seeks to: sell or acquire an asset that is regulated by FERC (such as a transmission line or a generating station); collect costs from customers associated with a new transmission facility; charge a rate for wholesale sales under a contract or tariff; or engage in certain mergers and internal corporate reorganizations. FERC also regulates RTOs/ISOs, such as PJM, and their regional transmission planning processes as well as their energy and capacity markets. Transmission Regulation FERC has exclusive jurisdiction to establish the rates and terms and conditions of service for interstate transmission. We currently have FERC-approved formula rates in effect to recover the costs of our transmission facilities. Under this formula, rates are put into effect in January of each year based upon our internal forecast of annual expenses and capital expenditures. Rates are subsequently trued up to reflect actual annual expenses and capital expenditures. Transmission Rate Proceedings and ROE From time to time, various matters are pending before FERC relating to, among other things, transmission planning and transmission rates and returns, including incentives. Depending on their outcome, any of these matters could materially impact our results of operations and financial condition. 10 Table of Contents In a rulemaking proceeding issued in 2021, FERC proposed to eliminate the existing 50 basis point adder for RTO membership, which is currently available to PSE G and other transmission owners in RTOs. Elimination of the RTO adder for RTO membership would reduce PSE G s annual Net Income and annual cash inflows by approximately $40 million. Transmission Planning Proceedings In May 2024, FERC issued a Final Rule to reform regional transmission planning and cost allocation. This order requires transmission providers like PJM to engage in long-term regional planning of not less than 20 years. It also requires certain reforms to the local planning process, including enhancing the transparency of that process and evaluating whether local transmission facilities that need replacing can be right-sized to meet broader regional needs. In December 2025, both PJM and its Transmission Owners made compliance filings at FERC seeking to implement the Final Rule s requirements, including establishing a comprehensive set of long-term transmission needs based on a 20-year planning horizon, providing a role for the states in identifying needs and solutions, and establishing procedures for identifying and planning right-sized replacement facilities. If approved by FERC, these changes will provide a regulatory framework for the planning of transmission infrastructure to help address resource adequacy challenges in PJM. Separately, the PJM Transmission Owners, including PSE G, are working with the states to develop cost allocation rules to decide who will pay for these long-term transmission facilities, with a FERC filing to be made later in 2026. In December 2024, a coalition of industrial customers and state ratepayer advocates filed a complaint at FERC against various named public utilities and RTOs/ISOs, including PJM. The complaint alleges that local planning has produced inefficient planning and projects that are not cost-effective, and therefore requests that FERC require the application of regional planning requirements, including relevant competitive solicitation processes, to all transmission facilities over 100kV. The complaint also requests that FERC require RTOs/ISOs to appoint an Independent System Planner to oversee transmission planning. While PSEG is not a named party in the complaint, our local planning authority and rights may be impacted by the resolution of this proceeding. We cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding. Regulation of Wholesale Sales Generation/Market Issues/Market Power Under FERC regulations, public utilities that wish to sell power at market rates must receive FERC authorization (market-based rate (MBR) authority) to sell power in interstate commerce before making power sales. They can sell power at cost-based rates or apply to FERC for authority to make MBR sales. For a requesting company to receive MBR authority, FERC must first determine that the requesting company lacks market power in the relevant markets and/or that market power in the relevant markets is sufficiently mitigated. Certain PSEG companies are public utilities and currently have MBR authority. These companies, which include PSEG Energy Resources Trade LLC, PSEG Nuclear LLC and PSE G must file at FERC every three years to update their market power analyses. At the end of 2025, PSEG filed an updated market power analysis. In October 2024, FERC issued a Final Rule that eliminates compensation for reactive power in circumstances when the generator is operating within the normal power factor range specified in its interconnection agreement. FERC denied rehearing of this order in June 2025 and in August 2025 accepted a PJM filing that establishes a June 1, 2026 date for elimination of reactive power compensation. In August 2025, PSEG sought judicial review of FERC s decision. This appeal is pending and we cannot predict the outcome. The loss of reactive power compensation is not expected to have a material impact on PSEG's results of operations. In addition, there are ongoing proceedings at FERC that may impact the interconnection of large loads such as data centers to the power grid, including addressing the issue of what transmission services and charges should be paid by future co-located customers. In February 2025, FERC issued a show cause order directing PJM and PJM transmission owners to explain why the PJM tariff is just and reasonable or, alternatively, what revisions might be necessary to address perceived gaps in the PJM tariff with respect to co-located load arrangements. In December 2025, FERC issued an order in this proceeding finding the PJM tariff to be unjust and unreasonable, directing PJM to file tariff revisions to reflect new types of transmission services that will be made available to co-located loads and establishing a paper hearing to set the appropriate level of charges to be paid by co-located load customers. Relatedly, in October 2025, in response to a directive by the Secretary of Energy, FERC initiated a rulemaking proceeding to establish rules by the end of April 2026 to facilitate the interconnection of large load customers to the transmission system through a queue process. We cannot predict the outcome of these matters. 11 Table of Contents Energy Clearing Prices Energy clearing prices in the markets in which we operate are generally based on bids submitted by generating units. Under FERC-approved market rules, bids are subject to price caps and mitigation rules applicable to certain generation units. FERC rules also govern the overall design of these markets. At present, all units, including those owned by PSEG, within a delivery zone receive a clearing price based on the bid of the marginal unit (i.e., the last unit that must be dispatched to serve the needs of load) which can vary by location. Capacity Market Issues PJM operates a capacity market called the Reliability Pricing Model (RPM), the rules for which are approved by FERC. RPM incorporates a forward auction for installed capacity. Under the RPM, generators located in constrained areas within PJM are paid more for their capacity as an incentive to ensure adequate supply where generation capacity is most needed. Over the past few years, RPM has been under considerable scrutiny at both the federal and state level as clearing prices in the capacity auctions have reached unprecedented levels and there is growing concern that the capacity market is not procuring sufficient generation to meet increasing demand for electricity. In PJM s most recent capacity auction run in December 2025, the auction cleared at the FERC-approved price cap of $333.44/MW-day, and PJM indicated that without the price cap the clearing price would have been $529.80/MW-day. Furthermore, for the first time, PJM was unable to procure enough generation to meet its reliability requirement, which incorporates a 20% reserve margin to meet demand during times of system stress. In fact, PJM fell 6,625 MW short of meeting this reliability requirement. In January 2026, the White House s National Energy Dominance Council and governors from all 13 states in PJM signed an agreement urging PJM to expeditiously reform its capacity market to ensure reliability and lower costs to consumers. Specifically, the agreement seeks to provide 15 year price certainty, which may be accomplished by having PJM conduct a reliability backstop auction to procure new generation capacity. The agreement also supports an extension of the existing price collar for two more Base Residual Auctions, which PJM has recently indicated it supports. Over the next few months, PJM will be developing rules that will enable it to run such an auction in September 2026 following FERC approval of rules changes. One of the open questions is which set of customers will pay the generation procurement costs, and whether zones where demand exceeds supply will pay a proportionately larger allocation of costs. PJM will also be considering other reforms to its markets. Compliance Reliability Standards PSEG is required to comply with the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) Reliability Standards, promulgated by NERC and approved by FERC, which are designed to ensure the security and reliability of the United States electric transmission and generation system (the electric grid ). As a result, PSEG is subject to requirements governing the planning and operation of the electric grid, and requirements governing the physical and cyber security of PSEG assets that are used to protect and operate the electric grid. Due to the increasing sophistication of physical and cyber security threats to the security and reliability of the electric grid, it is anticipated that FERC and NERC will continue to promulgate new Reliability Standards, and modify existing Reliability Standards, to meet these challenges. CFTC In accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the SEC and the CFTC continue to implement a regulatory framework for swaps and security-based swaps. The rules are intended to reduce risk, increase transparency and promote market integrity within the financial system by providing for the registration and comprehensive regulation of swap dealers and by imposing recordkeeping, data reporting, margin and clearing requirements with respect to swaps. We are currently subject to recordkeeping and data reporting requirements applicable to commercial end users. The CFTC finalized rules establishing federal position limits for trading in certain commodities, such as natural gas. Entities such as PSEG began complying with the rules in 2022. 12 Table of Contents Nuclear Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) Our operation of nuclear generating facilities is subject to comprehensive regulation by the NRC, a federal agency established to regulate nuclear activities to ensure the protection of public health and safety, as well as the environment. Such regulation involves testing, evaluation and modification of all aspects of plant operation in light of NRC safety, security, cybersecurity, and environmental requirements. Continuous demonstration to the NRC that plant operations meet requirements is necessary. The NRC has the ultimate authority to determine whether any U.S. nuclear generating unit may operate. The NRC conducts ongoing reviews of nuclear industry operations experience and may issue or revise regulatory requirements. We are unable to predict the final outcome of these reviews or the cost of any actions we would need to take to comply with any new regulations, including possible modifications to the Salem, Hope Creek and Peach Bottom facilities, but such costs could be material. The current operating licenses of our nuclear facilities expire in the years shown in the following table: Unit Year Salem Unit 1 2036 Salem Unit 2 2040 Hope Creek 2046 Peach Bottom Unit 2 2053 Peach Bottom Unit 3 2054 In 2024, PSEG submitted a letter to the NRC regarding a potential timeline to seek a second license renewal for our Salem and Hope Creek units. This second license renewal would extend the operating licenses through 2056 and 2060 for Salem Units 1 and 2, respectively, and 2066 for Hope Creek. In 2022, the NRC issued an order related to its review of the subsequent license renewal (SLR) application for the Peach Bottom nuclear units which concluded that the previous environmental review required by the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) was incomplete and changed the expiration dates for the licenses to 2033 and 2034, until the completion of the NEPA analysis. The NEPA analysis was completed in 2025 and the NRC reinstated the 2053 and 2054 license expiration dates for the Peach Bottom units. State Regulation Our principal state regulator is the BPU, which oversees electric and natural gas distribution companies in New Jersey. We are also subject to various other states regulations due to our operations in those states. Our New Jersey utility operations are subject to comprehensive regulation by the BPU including, among other matters, regulation of retail electric and gas distribution rates and service, the issuance and sale of certain types of securities and compliance matters. In addition to base rates, we recover certain costs or earn on certain investments pursuant to mechanisms known as adjustment clauses. These clauses permit the flowthrough of costs to, or the recovery of investments from, customers related to specific programs, outside the context of base rate proceedings. Recovery of these costs or investments is subject to BPU approval for which we make periodic filings. Delays in the pass-through of costs or recovery of investments under these mechanisms could result in significant changes in PSE G s cash flow. PSE G s participation in solar, EV and EE programs is also regulated by the BPU, as the terms and conditions of these programs are approved by the BPU. BPU regulation can also have a direct or indirect impact on our power generation business as it relates to energy supply agreements and energy policy in New Jersey. New Jersey Energy Master Plan (EMP) and Future of Gas Stakeholder Proceeding In June 2022, the BPU commenced a proceeding to update New Jersey s EMP. An effort was subsequently undertaken during 2023 through early 2025 to create a revised plan, including a series of stakeholder meetings and comments. In March 2025, BPU Staff and a third-party 13 Table of Contents consultant discussed the results of their modeling. The main themes presented were: a need for continued reliability and affordability; challenges for New Jersey to achieve greenhouse gas reduction goals; the new capacity additions that are needed to maintain system reliability, and that these additions can be clean firm additions (without details of the meaning of clean firm ); and the need for new strategies to guide the evolution of natural gas. Following the receipt of additional comments, in November 2025 the BPU released the updated EMP. The updated EMP included a set of what was presented as No Regrets recommendations, described as strategies the state should pursue regardless of any other planning scenarios or steps taken as a broader energy planning strategy. These recommendations include accelerated deployment of clean energy generation sources (for example, solar, wind, advanced nuclear); continued investment in energy efficiency; grid modernization; transportation electrification; workforce development; and expansion of customer assistance programs. In addition to these strategies, the EMP also presents modeling based on 2023-2024 data for alternative pathways to achieve state goals (high electrification, hybrid electrification and remaining at the current state). Given the new administration took office in January 2026, it is not clear how the EMP might influence New Jersey s energy policy and we cannot predict the impact on our business that might result. Stakeholder Proceeding on Gas Competition, BGSS In February 2023, the BPU announced that it would open a new docket to conduct a stakeholder proceeding regarding gas supply issues previously raised by competitive gas suppliers, including third-party suppliers participation in New Jersey gas distribution companies annual BGSS filings, and other aspects of the existing BGSS construct. There has been no public activity in this matter since May 2023. Regional Energy Access (REA) Expansion Project In September 2024, the United States Circuit Court for the District of Columbia Circuit vacated FERC approval of the REA Expansion Project, which involves a natural gas pipeline running through New Jersey and several other states, and in which PSEG Energy Resources Trade, LLC, the provider of gas supplies to satisfy PSE G s BGSS customers, is a customer. The court found that FERC failed to properly consider the environmental consequences of the project, and the alleged lack of market demand for additional natural gas capacity in New Jersey. In January 2025, FERC responded to the Circuit Court s concerns and reinstated its approval of the project. In February 2025, a subset of intervenors filed a rehearing request seeking to overturn FERC s reinstatement of the REA certificate. The same subset of intervenors also filed a motion for an evidentiary hearing. In March 2025, the rehearing request was denied by operation of law, and in August 2025 FERC addressed the arguments raised on rehearing while confirming the denial of the rehearing request and motion for evidentiary hearing. Energy Efficiency, Triennial Review In November 2025, BPU Staff issued its straw proposal for the third triennium framework and requirements for energy efficiency programs. The proposed framework suggests changes that, if adopted as proposed, would increase risk to utilities implementing these programs to meet energy efficiency targets that are required by law. PSE G submitted responsive comments recommending changes to the proposed framework that, if accepted, could better enable optimization of investments and benefits including achieving energy savings targets. Depending on the timing of BPU approval of a final framework, utilities could be expected to file triennium 3 program proposals during 2026 for a program to begin in July 2027. We cannot predict the outcome of this review and straw proposal at this time. BGS Process In July 2025, New Jersey s EDCs, including PSE G, filed their annual joint proposal for the conduct of the February 2026 BGS auction covering energy years 2027 through 2029. The February 2025 BGS auction resulted in a significant cost increase for electricity supplied by PSE G and all other New Jersey electric distribution companies that was reflected in customers rates beginning June 1, 2025. The cost increases were in large part due to higher prices from the PJM capacity market (base residual auction). Rates resulting from the February 2026 BGS auction will become effective June 1, 2026. Grid Modernization In June 2022, following a stakeholder proceeding, the BPU Staff issued a report containing findings and recommendations to update the BPU s interconnection regulations and processes. In furtherance of the recommendations, in June 2024 the BPU amended its interconnection rules to speed up the interconnection of renewable resources to the distribution grid. Separately, in July 2024, BPU Staff convened a working group to develop recommendations for integrated distribution planning for distributed energy resources. In July 2025 and January 2026, the BPU adopted various regulations intended to streamline the process for utility interconnection applications and ensure compliance with a recently enacted law mandating that EDCs in New Jersey improve the interconnection process for certain grid supply solar and energy storage facilities. We cannot predict the impact on our business or results of operations from this Grid Modernization plan or any 14 Table of Contents laws, rules or regulations promulgated as a result thereof, particularly as they may relate to PSE G s electric distribution assets. Cybersecurity Regulation Federal NERC Critical Infrastructure Protection standards establish cybersecurity and physical security protections for critical systems and facilities. These standards are also designed to promote coordination, threat sharing and interaction between utilities and various government agencies regarding potential cyber and physical threats against the nation s electric grid. The Critical Infrastructure Protection standards are designed to protect Bulk Electric System (BES) Cyber Systems that would impact the reliable operation of the BES. PSE G is obligated to comply with the NERC Critical Infrastructure Protection standards. NERC continues to examine revising criteria for low-impact cyber systems, which could result in expanding the Critical Infrastructure Protection standards to a larger set of applicable cyber assets. NERC Critical Infrastructure Protection standards do not apply to nuclear facilities which are instead governed by the NRC for purposes of physical and cyber security. NRC has a number of risk-informed, performance-based security programs in place to effectively protect U.S. commercial nuclear facilities. NRC has existing requirements, effective processes, and the expertise to regulate and inspect cybersecurity to ensure the federal requirements are met. NRC requires operating nuclear power plant licensees and license applicants to ensure that digital computer and communication systems associated with a nuclear power plant s safety, security, and emergency preparedness functions are protected from cyberattacks. As a result, computer systems at operating power plants that monitor and control safety systems and help the reactor operate are isolated from external communications. Security systems that provide safeguards of the facility are also isolated from external communications, including the Internet. NRC s Office of Nuclear Security and Incident Response established the Cyber Security Branch (CSB) to strengthen internal governance of the agency s regulatory activities. The CSB plans, coordinates, and manages agency activities related to cybersecurity for NRC applicants and licensees, such as security programs development and policy enhancements to prevent malevolent cyber acts against NRC-licensed facilities. The CSB s cybersecurity-related responsibilities include developing rules and guidance, reviewing licensing actions, developing policy enhancements, and overseeing NRC-licensed facilities. NRC regularly monitors the threats associated with cybersecurity, including potential threats against NRC-licensed facilities. Within the CSB there is a cyber assessment team that assesses real-world cyber events at NRC-licensed facilities. The team evaluates whether an identified threat could impact licensed facilities and makes recommendations for NRC actions and communications to the licensees. Furthermore, the NRC has established liaison relationships with the intelligence and law enforcement communities to include the National Counterterrorism Center, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security s (DHS) Computer Emergency Response Team, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The Transportation Security Administration, an agency of the DHS, has issued multiple security directives since May 2021 designed to mitigate cybersecurity threats to natural gas pipelines. State The BPU requires utilities, including PSE G, to, among other things, implement a cybersecurity program that defines and implements organizational accountabilities and responsibilities for cyber risk management activities, and establishes policies, plans, processes and procedures for identifying and mitigating cyber risk to critical systems. Additional requirements of this order include, but are not limited to (i) annually inventorying critical utility systems; (ii) annually assessing risks to critical utility systems; (iii) implementing controls to mitigate cyber risks to critical utility systems; (iv) monitoring log files of critical utility systems; (v) reporting cyber incidents to the BPU; and (vi) establishing a cybersecurity incident response plan and conducting biennial exercises to test the plan. In addition, New York s Stop Hacks and Improve Electronic Data Security (SHIELD) Act, which became effective in March 2020, requires businesses that own or license computerized data that includes New York State residents private information to implement reasonable safeguards to protect that information. 15 Table of Contents ENVIRONMEN TAL MATTERS We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations with regard to environmental matters. Our associated obligations change as legislatures and regulators pass new laws and regulations and amend existing ones. Therefore, it is difficult to project future costs of compliance and their impact on competition. The costs of compliance associated with any new requirements that may be imposed by future regulations are not known but may be material. For additional information related to environmental matters, including proceedings not discussed below, as well as anticipated expenditures for installation of compliance technology, hazardous substance liabilities and fuel and waste disposal costs, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 8. Note 12. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. Air Pollution Control Our facilities are subject to federal, state and local regulation that requires controls of emissions from sources of air pollution and imposes recordkeeping, reporting and permit requirements. Water Pollution Control The Federal Water Pollution Control Act prohibits the discharge of pollutants from point sources to water, except pursuant to a duly issued permit. These permits must generally be renewed every five years. Applicable regulations also impose obligations on facility operators like PSEG Power to install certain technology to treat their discharges to ensure discharges meet certain water quality requirements. The Environmental Protection Agency s (EPA) Clean Water Act (CWA) Section 316(b) rule establishes requirements for the regulation of cooling water intakes at existing power plants, such as Salem. Hazardous Substance Liability PSEG s operations involve substances and byproducts classified by environmental regulations as hazardous. These regulations impose handling, storage and disposal requirements for hazardous materials. They also impose liability for damages to the environment, including cash penalties. Site Remediation Federal and state environmental laws and regulations require the cleanup of discharged hazardous substances. They authorize the EPA, the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (NJDEP) and private parties to commence lawsuits to compel clean-ups or seek reimbursement for such remediation. The clean-ups can be more complicated and costly when the hazardous substances are in or under a body of water. Clean-up obligations may be imposed regardless of the absence of fault, contractual agreements between parties, or the legality of activities at the time of discharge. In May 2024, the EPA finalized revisions to the coal combustion residuals rule (CCR Rule) which established new requirements for the investigation and, if necessary, the cleanup of certain types of coal ash placed at certain fossil generation station sites, including certain sites owned or formerly owned by PSEG Power. We are in the process of investigating each of the sites that we currently own that are subject to the CCR Rule, as well as sites that we formerly owned that are subject to the CCR Rule where we retained certain environmental obligations to investigate and, if necessary, remediate. PSEG is currently unable to estimate the impact of the CCR Rule, but it could have a material impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. Natural Resource Damages Federal and state environmental laws and regulations authorize damage assessments against persons who have caused an injury to natural resources through the discharge of a hazardous substance. The NJDEP requires persons conducting remediation to address such injuries through restoration or damage assessments. Wildlife and Habitat Protection Federal and state environmental laws and regulations govern activities that may harm certain wildlife or habitats. These laws and regulations impose permit requirements, prohibit certain activities, and impose penalties for violations. In December 2024, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service proposed to designate the monarch butterfly as a threatened species under the federal Endangered Species Act. PSEG is unable to determine the impact of this development. 16 Table of Contents Fuel and Waste Disposal Nuclear Fuel Disposal The federal government has entered into contracts with the operators of nuclear power plants for transportation and ultimate disposal of spent nuclear fuel. Under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (NWPA), nuclear plant owners are required to contribute to a Nuclear Waste Fund to pay for this service. Since May 2014, the nuclear waste fee rate has been zero. No assurances can be given that this fee will not be increased in the future. The NWPA allows spent nuclear fuel generated in any reactor to be stored in reactor facility storage pools or in Independent Spent Fuel Storage Installations located at reactors or away from reactor sites. We have on-site storage facilities that are expected to satisfy the storage needs of Salem 1, Salem 2, Hope Creek, Peach Bottom 2 and Peach Bottom 3 through the end of their operating licenses. Low-Level Radioactive Waste As a by-product of their operations, nuclear generation units produce low-level radioactive waste. Such waste includes paper, plastics, protective clothing, water purification materials and other materials. These waste materials are accumulated on site and disposed of at licensed permanent disposal facilities. New Jersey, Connecticut and South Carolina have reached an agreement that gives New Jersey nuclear generators continued access to a waste disposal facility which is owned by South Carolina. We believe that this agreement will provide for adequate low-level radioactive waste disposal for Salem and Hope Creek through the end of their current licenses including full decommissioning, although no assurances can be given. Additionally, there are on-site storage facilities for Salem, Hope Creek and Peach Bottom, which we believe have the capacity for at least five years of temporary storage for each facility. 17 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (PSEG) Name Age as of December 31, 2025 Office Effective Date First Elected to Present Position Ralph A. LaRossa 62 Chair of the Board (COB), President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) - PSEG January 2023 to present President and CEO -PSEG September 2022 to present Chief Operating Officer (COO) - PSEG January 2020 to August 2022 COB and CEO - PSE G September 2022 to present COB, President and CEO - PSEG Power May 2023 to present COB and CEO - PSEG Power September 2022 to May 2023 COB and CEO - Energy Holdings September 2022 to present COB, CEO and President - Services September 2022 to present President and COO - PSEG Power October 2017 to August 2022 President and COO - PSE G October 2006 to October 2017 COB - PSEG Long Island LLC December 2020 to August 2022 Daniel J. Cregg 62 Executive Vice President (EVP) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) - PSEG October 2015 to present EVP and CFO - PSE G October 2015 to present EVP and CFO - PSEG Power October 2015 to present Kim C. Hanemann 62 President and COO - PSE G June 2021 to present Senior Vice President (SVP) and COO - PSE G January 2020 to June 2021 Charles V. McFeaters 66 President and Chief Nuclear Officer - PSEG Nuclear LLC May 2023 to present SVP - Nuclear Operations - PSEG Nuclear LLC November 2020 to May 2023 Grace Park 50 EVP and General Counsel - PSEG September 2024 to present EVP and General Counsel - PSE G September 2024 to present EVP and General Counsel - PSEG Power September 2024 to present VP - Deputy General Counsel and Chief Litigation Counsel - Services July 2020 to September 2024 Sheila J. Rostiac 55 SVP - Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer - Services January 2020 to present Richard T. Thigpen 65 SVP - Corporate Citizenship - Services July 2018 to present Rose M. Chernick 62 VP and Controller - PSEG March 2019 to present VP and Controller - PSE G March 2019 to present VP and Controller - PSEG Power March 2019 to present 18 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RIS K FACTORS The following factors should be considered when reviewing our business. These factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial position, results of operations or cash flows and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed elsewhere in this report. GENERAL OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL RISKS Inability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, or construct T D, and our nuclear generation projects could adversely impact our businesses. Our business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the construction of T D facilities, modernizing and expanding existing infrastructure pursuant to investment programs that provide for current recovery in rates, addressing needs of new customers and increasing demand on the system, and our CEF programs, particularly our energy efficiency program which provides incentives for customers to install high-efficiency equipment at their premises and transmission capital investments outside of our utility service territory, as well as uprates and other potential investments at our nuclear facilities. Currently, we have several significant capital investments underway or being contemplated. The successful construction and development of these projects will depend, in part, on our ability to: obtain necessary governmental and regulatory approvals; obtain environmental permits and approvals; obtain governmental and community support for such projects to avoid delays in the receipt of permits and approvals from regulatory authorities; obtain customer support for investments made at their premises; obtain property/land rights in property-constrained areas and for greenfield locations, and at a reasonable cost; complete such projects within budgets and on commercially reasonable terms and conditions; complete supporting information technology (IT), cybersecurity and physical security upgrades; obtain any necessary debt financing on acceptable terms and/or necessary governmental financial incentives; ensure that contracting parties, including suppliers, perform under their contracts in a timely and cost-effective manner; and timely recovery of these investments through rates. Failure to obtain regulatory or other approvals, delays, cost escalations or otherwise unsuccessful construction and development could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Macroeconomic considerations, including inflationary levels, gas and electric supply prices that are passed through to customers and other pressures could factor into our regulators assessment in approving the size, duration and timing of cost recovery of certain of these programs. Further, certain negative public and political views by certain stakeholders on energy infrastructure could result in diminishing support for those investments. In addition, the successful operation of new facilities or transmission or distribution projects is subject to risks relating to supply interruptions; labor availability, work stoppages and labor disputes; weather interferences; unforeseen engineering and environmental problems, including those related to climate change; opposition from local communities, and the other risks described herein. Any of these risks could cause the amounts of our investments and/or our return on these investments to be lower than expected, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations through lower investment opportunities and/or lower returns. 19 Table of Contents Significant resource adequacy challenges present affordability and reliability concerns that could cause policymakers to implement responsive measures that could have a material, adverse impact on our business, strategy, growth rates, cash flows, results of operation, and financial condition and increase regulatory uncertainty for utility investment initiatives and programs. PJM continues to face significant resource adequacy challenges, driven by a lack of sufficient supply to meet electric demand, which has increased significantly over the past several years and is expected to continue to increase going forward. Increasing demand is caused by data centers, EV adoption, electrification and other factors. Insufficient supply to meet forecasted demand has caused increases in energy and capacity prices which, in turn, have caused the customer rates by which we recover electric supply costs to materially increase. This has resulted in continuing affordability concerns that have caused regulators and other policymakers to consider ways to reduce utility rates, including proposing to mitigate electric rate increases, and create increased regulatory uncertainty for utility investment initiatives and programs. Actions that policymakers could implement in response to these affordability concerns could have a material, adverse impact on our business, strategy, growth rates, cash flows, results of operation, and financial condition. In addition, both lack of supply and increasing demand pose reliability risk for customers. Substantial investments in generation, transmission and distribution will be required to meet current projections of increasing customer demand. Sustained distribution grid modernization will also be required to accommodate increased EE, EV infrastructure, increased penetration of distributed energy resources on the electric system, such as on-site solar generation and also potential deployment of energy storage, fuel cells, and distributed resources technologies. In addition, inability of PJM to procure sufficient capacity to meet demand plus its reserve margin increase future risk of blackouts and load reduction, which may in turn result in litigation, political and regulatory scrutiny and reputational impacts. We are subject to physical, financial and transition risks related to climate change, including potentially increased legislative and regulatory burdens and changing customer preferences, and we may be subject to lawsuits, all of which could impact our businesses and results of operations. Climate change may drive change to existing or additional legislation and regulation that may impact our business and shape our customers energy preference and sustainability goals, including impacts of potential changes in use of natural gas and electricity due to electrification over the long-term and the impact on need for additional generation to meet those electric needs. These factors could impact the need to invest in our electric and gas T D systems and, therefore, our growth rate. Severe weather or acts of nature, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods, wildfires and other natural disasters can stress systems, disrupt operation of our facilities and cause service outages, and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. In addition, the effects of climate change will have increased the physical risks to our facilities and operations resulting from such climate hazards as more severe weather events (extreme wind, rainfall and flooding), such as experienced from Superstorm Sandy and Tropical Storms Isaias and Ida, sea level rise, and extreme heat and drought. These and other physical changes could result in changes in customer demand, increased costs associated with repairing and maintaining generation facilities and T D systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potentially increased financing needs), increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. Where recovery of costs to restore service and repair damaged equipment and facilities is available, any determination by the regulator not to permit timely and full recovery of the costs incurred could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. To the extent financial markets view climate change and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions as a financial risk, our ability to access capital markets could be negatively affected or cause us to receive less than favorable terms and conditions. While the CIP protects PSE G s margin variances against changes in customer usage of gas and electricity, climate change-related state policy goals, including but not limited to those related to GHG emissions reductions, energy efficiency targets, solar targets, energy storage targets, encouragement of electrification through EV adoption, policies to encourage electrification of end use equipment currently fueled by natural gas, and the associated legislative and regulatory responses, may create additional costs for our customers and/or our business, which could be material. 20 Table of Contents We may be subject to climate change lawsuits that may seek injunctive relief, monetary compensation, penalties, and punitive damages, including but not limited to, for liabilities for damages related to mitigate harm caused by climate change. An adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures and possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. Defense costs associated with such litigation can also be significant and could affect results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates . Further, our business is subject to policy, regulatory, technology and economic uncertainties and contingencies, including regulatory approvals required for our various investments, many of which are beyond our control and may affect planned investments and our ability to meet GHG emissions reduction or climate-related goals that we may set from time to time, in a cost-effective manner or at all. We may be adversely affected by asset and equipment failures, gas explosions, accidents, critical operating technology or business system failures, natural disasters, severe weather events, acts of war or terrorism or other acts of violence, sabotage, physical attacks or security breaches, cyberattacks, or other incidents, including pandemics, that impact our ability to provide safe and reliable service to our customers and remain competitive and could result in substantial financial losses. The success of our businesses is dependent on our ability to continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers while minimizing service disruptions. We are exposed to the risk of asset and equipment failures, gas explosions or leaks, accidents, pandemics, natural disasters, severe weather events, acts of war or terrorism or other acts of violence, including active shooter situations, sabotage, physical attacks or security breaches, cyberattacks or other incidents, which could result in damage to or destruction of our substations or other facilities or infrastructure, or damage to persons or property, fire, loss of life, outages, mechanical problems, environmental pollution, electric and gas supply interruptions or other adverse impacts to our business . Further, a major failure of availability or performance of a critical operating technology or business system, and inadequate preparation or execution of business continuity or disaster recovery plans for the loss of one or several critical systems, could result in extended disruption to operations or business processes, damage to systems and/or loss of data . We have historically benefited from access to mutual aid, a voluntary and reciprocal arrangement with other utilities that provides access to a trained and flexible labor force which has helped to reduce outage restoration times during extreme weather events. There is no guarantee that we will have continued access to mutual aid as the frequency of severe weather events rises. These events could result in increased political, economic, financial and insurance market instability, a lack of available insurance or the availability of insurance on commercially reasonable terms, and volatility in power and fuel markets, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations, including our ability to access capital on terms and conditions acceptable to us. Any of the issues described above, if experienced at our facilities or otherwise in our business, or by others in our industry, could adversely impact our revenues; increase costs to repair and maintain our systems; subject us to potential litigation and/or damage claims, fines or penalties; and increase the level of oversight of our utility and generation operations and infrastructure through investigations or through the imposition of additional regulatory or legislative requirements. Such actions could adversely affect our costs, competitiveness, future investments and customer rates, which could be material to our financial position, results of operations and cash flow. For our T D business, the cost of storm restoration efforts may not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process. In addition, the inability to restore power to our customers on a timely basis could result in negative publicity and materially damage our reputation. Any inability to recover the carrying amount of our long-lived assets could result in future impairment charges which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Long-lived assets represent approximately 73% and 80% of the total assets of PSEG and PSE G, respectively, as of December 31, 2025. Management evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in regulation, including a disallowance of certain costs, a potential sale or disposition of an asset significantly before the end of its useful life, business climate or market conditions, including prolonged periods of adverse commodity and capacity prices, could potentially indicate an asset s or group of assets carrying amount may not be recoverable. Significant reductions in our expected revenues or cash flows for an extended period of time resulting from such 21 Table of Contents events could result in future asset impairment charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Disruptions or cost increases in our supply chain, including labor shortages, could materially impact our business. The supply chain of goods and services could be impacted by several factors, including sanctions, tariffs, manufacturing labor shortages, domestic and international shipping constraints, increases in demand, physical alterations in technologies that create cyber risks, and shortages of raw materials and specialty components. This could cause price increases in some areas and delivery delays of certain goods, which could increase our costs and impact our operations. Inability to maintain sufficient liquidity in the amounts and at the times needed or access sufficient capital at reasonable rates or on commercially reasonable terms could adversely impact our business. Funding for our investments in capital improvement and additions, scheduled payments of principal and interest on our existing indebtedness and the extension and refinancing of such indebtedness has been provided primarily by internally-generated cash flow and external debt financings. We have significant capital requirements and depend on our ability to generate cash in the future from our operations and continued access to capital and bank markets to efficiently fund our cash flow needs. Our ability to generate cash flow is dependent upon, among other things, industry conditions and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors. The ability to arrange financing and to refinance existing debt and the costs of such financing or refinancing depend on numerous factors including, among other things: general economic and capital market conditions, including but not limited to, prevailing interest rates; the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions; tax, regulatory and securities law developments; for PSE G, our ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for the incurrence of additional indebtedness; investor confidence in us, our regulatory environment and our industry; our current level of indebtedness and compliance with covenants in our debt instruments and credit agreements; the success of current projects and the quality of new projects; the predictability of our cash flows; our current and future capital structure; our financial performance and the continued reliable operation of our business; and maintenance of our investment grade credit ratings. Market disruptions, such as economic downturns experienced in the U.S. and abroad, the bankruptcy of an unrelated energy company or a systemically important financial institution, changes in market prices for electricity and gas, and actual or threatened acts of war or terrorist attacks, may increase our cost of borrowing or adversely affect our ability to access capital. As a result, no assurance can be given that we will be successful in obtaining financing for projects and investments, extending or refinancing maturing debt or meeting our other cash flow needs on acceptable terms or at all, which could materially adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and future growth. During periods of rising energy prices, hedged positions could be out-of-the-money, increasing PSEG Power s collateral requirements. In addition, if PSEG Power were to lose its investment grade credit rating from S P or Moody s, it would be required under certain agreements to provide a significant amount of additional collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cash flows. Cybersecurity attacks, data breaches, or intrusions or other disruptions to our IT, operational or other systems could adversely impact our businesses. Cybersecurity threats to the energy market infrastructure are increasing in sophistication, magnitude and frequency. Because of the inherent vulnerability of infrastructure and technology and operational systems to disability or failure due to hacking, viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing and other social engineering attacks, denial of service attacks, ransomware, 22 Table of Contents acts of war or terrorism, or other cybersecurity incidents, we face increased risk of cyberattack. We rely on information and operational technology systems and network infrastructure to operate our generation and T D systems and to conduct power marketing and hedging activities. We also store sensitive data, intellectual property and proprietary or personally identifiable information regarding our business, infrastructure, employees, shareholders, customers and vendors on our IT systems. In addition, the operation of our business is dependent upon the IT systems of Nth parties (i.e., our third parties and other business relationships, including fourth parties, etc.), including our vendors, regulators, RTOs and ISOs, among others. Our and Nth-party operational and IT systems and products may be vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks involving fraud, malice or oversight on the part of our employees, other insiders or Nth parties, whether domestic or foreign sources. Further, new types of cyberattacks, whether directed at our own infrastructure and technology and operational systems or that of third parties, may be generated or enhanced through the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and/or cloud-based infrastructure. A successful cybersecurity attack may result in unauthorized use of our systems to cause disruptions at an Nth party. Cybersecurity risks to our operations include: disruption of the operation of our assets, the fuel supply chain, the power grid and gas T D, theft of confidential company, employee, shareholder, vendor or customer information, and critical energy infrastructure information, which may cause us to be in breach of certain covenants and contractual, legal or regulatory obligations and pose risk to our system and our custome