=== PEG_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A), Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 12. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities, and other filings we make with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. These factors include, but are not limited to: any inability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, or construct transmission and distribution, and our nuclear generation projects; significant resource adequacy challenges that present affordability and reliability concerns and that could cause policymakers to implement responsive measures that could have a material, adverse impact on our business, strategy, growth rates, cash flows, results of operation, and financial condition and increase regulatory uncertainty for utility investment initiatives and programs; the physical, financial and transition risks related to climate change, including risks relating to potentially increased legislative and regulatory burdens, changing customer preferences and lawsuits; any equipment failures, gas explosions, accidents, critical operating technology or business system failures, natural disasters, severe weather events, acts of war, terrorism or other acts of violence, sabotage, physical attacks or security breaches, cyberattacks or other incidents that may impact our ability to provide safe and reliable service to our customers; any inability to recover the carrying amount of our long-lived assets; disruptions or cost increases in our supply chain, including labor shortages; any inability to maintain sufficient liquidity or access sufficient capital on commercially reasonable terms; the impact of cybersecurity attacks or intrusions or other disruptions to our information technology, operational or other systems; failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce; increases in the costs of equipment, materials, fuel, services and labor; the impact of our covenants in our debt instruments and credit agreements on our business; adverse performance of our defined benefit plan trust funds and Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Fund and increases in funding requirements; any inability to enter into or extend certain significant contracts; development, adoption and use of Artificial Intelligence by us and our third-party vendors; fluctuations in, or third-party default risk in wholesale power and natural gas markets, including the potential impacts on the economic viability of our generation units; our ability to obtain adequate nuclear fuel supply; iii Table of Contents changes in technology related to energy generation, distribution and consumption and changes in customer usage patterns; third-party credit risk relating to our sale of nuclear generation output and purchase of nuclear fuel; any inability to meet our commitments under forward sale obligations and Regional Transmission Organization rules; risks associated with generation activities at, and operation of, the Peach Bottom plants, which are similar to those to which nuclear generation plants that we operate are subject; the impact of changes in state and federal legislation and regulations on our business, including PSE G s ability to recover costs and earn returns on authorized investments; PSE G s proposed investment projects or programs may not be fully approved by regulators and its capital investment may be lower than planned; our ability to receive sufficient financial support for our New Jersey nuclear plants from the markets, and/or production tax credits; adverse changes in and non-compliance with energy industry laws, policies, regulations and standards, including market structures and transmission planning and transmission returns; risks associated with our ownership and operation of nuclear facilities, including increased nuclear fuel storage costs, regulatory risks, such as compliance with the Atomic Energy Act and trade control, environmental and other regulations, as well as operational, financial, environmental and health and safety risks; changes in or violation of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations and enforcement; delays in receipt of, or an inability to receive, necessary licenses and permits and siting approvals; and changes in tax laws and regulations. All of the forward-looking statements made in this report are qualified by these cautionary statements and we cannot assure you that the results or developments anticipated by management will be realized or even if realized, will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, us or our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decision. Forward-looking statements made in this report apply only as of the date of this report. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even in light of new information or future events, unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are intended to qualify for the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. From time to time, PSEG and PSE G release important information via postings on their corporate Investor Relations website at https://investor.pseg.com. Investors and other interested parties are encouraged to visit the Investor Relations website to review new postings. You can sign up for automatic email alerts regarding new postings at the bottom of the webpage at https://investor.pseg.com or by navigating to the Email Alerts webpage at https://investor.pseg.com/resources/email-alerts/default.aspx. The information on https://investor.pseg.com and https://investor.pseg.com/resources/email-alerts/default.aspx is not incorporated herein and is not part of this Form 10-K. iv Table of Contents FILING F ORMAT This combined Annual Report on Form 10-K is separately filed by Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated (PSEG) and Public Service Electric and Gas Company (PSE G). Information relating to any individual company is filed by such company on its own behalf. PSE G is only responsible for information about itself and its subsidiaries. Discussions throughout the document refer to PSEG and its direct operating subsidiaries. Depending on the context of each section, references to we, us, and our relate to PSEG or to the specific company or companies being discussed. WHERE TO FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may obtain our filed documents from commercial document retrieval services, the SEC s internet website at www.sec.gov or our website at https://investor.pseg.com. Information on our website should not be deemed incorporated into or as a part of this report. Our Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol PEG. You can obtain information about us at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., 11 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005. PA RT I ITEM 1. BUSINESS We were incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey in 1985 and our principal executive offices are located at 80 Park Plaza, Newark, New Jersey 07102. We are a public utility holding company that, acting through our wholly owned subsidiaries, is a predominantly regulated electric and gas utility and a nuclear generation business. Our business plan focuses on achieving growth by allocating capital primarily toward regulated investments in an effort to continue to improve the sustainability and predictability of our business and realizing the value of the consistent and reliable carbon-free generation from our nuclear units. As a holding company, our profitability depends on our subsidiaries operating results. We principally conduct our business through two direct wholly owned subsidiaries, PSE G and PSEG Power LLC (PSEG Power), described below, each of which also has its principal executive offices at 80 Park Plaza, Newark, New Jersey 07102. PSE G A New Jersey corporation, incorporated in 1924, which is a franchised public utility in New Jersey. It is also the provider of last resort for gas and electric commodity service for end users in its service territory. PSE G earns revenues from its regulated rate tariffs under which it provides electric transmission and electric and natural gas distribution to residential, commercial and industrial (C I) customers in its service territory. It also offers appliance services and repairs to customers throughout its service territory and invests in regulated solar generation projects and regulated energy efficiency (EE) and related programs in New Jersey. PSEG Power A Delaware limited liability company formed in 1999 as a result of the deregulation and restructuring of the electric power industry in New Jersey. PSEG Power earns revenues primarily by selling energy and capacity from its nuclear generation units and from the sale of wholesale natural gas through a full-requirements contract with PSE G. PSEG Power also enters into bilateral contracts for energy, gas and other energy-related contracts to optimize the value of its portfolio of generating assets and its gas supply obligations. Our other direct wholly owned subsidiaries are: PSEG Long Island LLC (PSEG LI), which operates the Long Island Power Authority s (LIPA) electric transmission and distribution (T D) system under a contractual agreement; PSEG Energy Holdings L.L.C. (Energy Holdings), which primarily holds our legacy lease investments and competitively bid, FERC regulated transmission; and PSEG Services Corporation (Services), which provides us and our operating subsidiaries with certain management, administrative and general services at cost. 1 Table of Contents OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY PSE G Our regulated T D public utility, PSE G, distributes electric energy and natural gas to customers within a designated service territory running diagonally across New Jersey where approximately 6.8 million people, or about 74% of New Jersey s population resides. Products and Services Our utility operations primarily earn margins through: Transmission the movement of electricity at high voltage from generating plants to substations and transformers, where it is then reduced to a lower voltage for distribution to homes, businesses and industrial customers. Our revenues for these services are based upon tariffs approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Distribution the delivery of electricity and gas to the retail customer s home, business or industrial facility. Our revenues for these services are based upon tariffs approved by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (BPU). The commodity portion of our utility business electric and gas sales is managed by basic generation service (BGS) and basic gas supply service (BGSS) suppliers. Pricing for those services is set by the BPU as a pass-through, resulting in no margin for our utility operations. In addition, we continue to invest in and pursue opportunities in regulated clean energy programs, including EE, electric vehicle (EV) make-ready charging infrastructure and other potential investments. We also earn margins through competitive services, such as appliance repair, in our service territory. How PSE G Operates We are a transmission owner in PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. (PJM) which is an Independent System Operator (ISO) and Regional Transmission Organization (RTO) that operates the electric transmission system in the Mid-Atlantic Region, 2 Table of Contents including New Jersey and the surrounding states. We provide distribution service to 2.4 million electric customers and 1.9 million gas customers in a service area that covers approximately 2,600 square miles running diagonally across New Jersey. We serve the most densely populated, commercialized and industrialized territory in New Jersey, including its six largest cities and approximately 300 suburban and rural communities. Transmission We use formula rates for our transmission cost of service and investments. Formula rates provide a method of rate recovery where the transmission owner annually determines its revenue requirements through a fixed formula that provides for a recovery of our operating costs and a return of and on our capital investments in the system, net of accumulated depreciation and deferred tax liabilities (also known as rate base) using an approved return on equity (ROE) in developing the weighted average cost of capital. Under this formula, rates are put into effect in January of each year based upon our internal forecast of annual expenses and capital expenditures. Rates are subsequently trued up to reflect actual annual expenses and capital expenditures. Our transmission revenues are not impacted by sales volumes. Our current approved transmission rates provide for a base ROE of 9.90% and a 50 basis point adder for our membership in PJM as an RTO. See Item 7. MD A Executive Overview of 2025 and Future Outlook for additional information. Distribution PSE G distributes electricity and natural gas to end users in our respective franchised service territories. Our distribution rates are subject to periodic rate cases approved by the BPU. In October 2024, the BPU issued an Order approving the settlement of PSE G s electric and gas distribution base rate case with new rates effective October 15, 2024. The Order provided for a $17.8 billion rate base, a 9.6% return on equity for PSE G s distribution business and a 55% equity component of its capitalization structure. For additional information, see Item 8. Note 5. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities. The BPU has also approved a series of PSE G infrastructure, EE, EV and renewable energy investment programs with cost recovery through various clause mechanisms. For a discussion of proposed and approved programs, see Investment Clause Programs as follows and Item 7. MD A Executive Overview of 2025 and Future Outlook. Our load requirements are split among commercial, residential and industrial customers, as shown in the following table for 2025: % of 2025 Sales Customer Type Electric Gas Commercial 57 % 38 % Residential 34 % 58 % Industrial 9 % 4 % Total 100 % 100 % Our customer base has modestly increased since 2021, with electric and gas loads changing as illustrated in the following table: Electric and Gas Distribution Statistics Customers as of December 31, 2025 Historical Annual Customer Growth 2021-2025 Electric Sales and Firm Gas Sales for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 (A) Historical Annual Load Increase 2021-2025 Electric 2.4 million 0.9% 40,561 Gigawatt Hours 0.4% Gas 1.9 million 0.7% 2,633 Million Therms 2.1% (A) Excludes sales from Gas rate classes that do not impact margin, specifically Contract, Non-Firm Transportation, Cogeneration Interruptible and Interruptible Services. 3 Table of Contents As part of the BPU's approval of the Clean Energy Future-Energy Efficiency (CEF-EE) filing in 2021, we implemented the Conservation Incentive Program (CIP) that trues up PSE G s distribution margin to a rate case-approved baseline per customer for the majority of our customers. As a result, electric and gas sales volumes and demands are no longer a driver of our margin and over 90% of our Electric and Gas Distribution margin will only vary based upon the number of customers. While load has modestly decreased in the past due to a decline in larger industrial customers, greater EE and other factors, a significant increase in load is anticipated due to the increasing adoption of EVs, the expansion of data centers and other large users in our area, ongoing growth in the number of customers, other sources of electrification and other factors, which will collectively drive the need for increased system investment. Investment Clause Programs The following table lists our major approved investment clause programs that are in progress: Program Investment Approval Date Term of Investment Year Started CEF-EE II $2.9 billion 2024 6 years 2025 CEF-EE $1.6 billion 2020 5 years (A) 2020 Gas System Modernization Program (GSMP) III $1.4 billion 2025 3 years (B) 2026 GSMP II Extension $902 million 2023 2 years (C) 2024 Infrastructure Advancement Program (IAP) $511 million 2022 4 years 2022 CEF-EV $166 million 2021 ~6 years 2021 (A) Rolling three-year program with over 80% of spending within 5 years, with limited spending thereafter. (B) The program has a small amount of trailing costs expected to be spent in year 4. (C) The program has a small amount of trailing costs expected to be spent in year 3. To date, we launched three of the four components of our CEF : EE designed to achieve EE targets required under New Jersey s Clean Energy Act through a suite of ten programs for residential, C I programs, including low-income, multi-family, small business and local government. Energy Cloud (EC) driven by the implementation of smart meters, and new software and product solutions to improve our processes and better manage the electric grid. This project was completed in 2024. EV primarily relating to preparatory work to deliver infrastructure to the charging point for three programs: residential smart charging; Level-2 mixed use charging; and direct current (dc) fast charging. Our CEF-Energy Storage (ES) program, which was filed with the BPU in October 2018, is being held in abeyance. GSMP III designed to replace at least 600 miles of cast iron and unprotected steel mains and services in our gas system. GSMP II Extension designed to replace at least 400 miles of cast iron and unprotected steel mains and services in our gas system. IAP designed to improve the reliability of the last mile of our electric distribution system and address aging substations and gas metering and regulation stations. See Item 7. MD A Executive Overview of 2025 and Future Outlook for additional information. Solar Generation We have also undertaken solar initiatives at PSE G, which primarily invest in utility-owned solar photovoltaic (PV) grid-connected solar systems installed on PSE G property and third-party sites with our economics driven by our net investment in solar, with a contemporaneous return on that rate base. 4 Table of Contents Supply We make no margin on the default supply of electricity and gas since the actual costs are passed through to our customers. All electric and gas customers in New Jersey have the ability to choose their electric energy and/or gas supplier. Pursuant to BPU requirements, we serve as the supplier of last resort for two types of electric and gas customers within our service territory that are not served by another supplier. The first type provides default supply service for smaller C I customers and residential customers at seasonally-adjusted fixed prices for a three-year term (BGS-Residential Small Commercial Pricing (RSCP)). These rates change annually on June 1 and are based on the average price obtained at auctions in the current year and two prior years. The second type provides default supply for larger customers, with energy priced at hourly PJM real-time market prices for a contract term of 12 months (BGS-Commercial Industrial Energy Pricing). We procure the supply to meet our BGS obligations through auctions authorized by the BPU for New Jersey s total BGS requirement. These auctions take place annually in February. Once approved by the BPU, electricity prices for BGS service are set. Approximately one-third of PSE G s total BGS-RSCP eligible load is auctioned each year for a three-year term. For information on current prices, see Item 8. Note 12. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. PSE G procures the supply requirements of its default service BGSS gas customers through a full-requirements contract with PSEG Power. The BPU has approved a mechanism designed to recover all gas commodity costs related to BGSS for residential customers. BGSS filings are made annually by June 1 of each year, with a targeted effective date of provisional rates by October 1. PSE G s revenues are matched with its costs using deferral accounting, with the goal of achieving a zero cumulative balance by September 30 of each year. In addition, we have the ability to put in place two self-implementing BGSS increases on December 1 and February 1 of up to 5% and also may reduce the BGSS rate at any time and/or provide bill credits. Any difference between rates charged under the BGSS contract and rates charged to our residential customers is deferred and collected or refunded through adjustments in future rates. C I customers that do not select third-party suppliers are also supplied under the BGSS arrangement. These customers are charged a market-based price largely determined by prices for commodity futures contracts. PSEG Power Other PSEG Power Other is predominantly comprised of its nuclear generation assets, its natural gas supply operations, the Operating Services Agreement (OSA) of PSEG LI with LIPA, and other legacy investments. PSEG Power is a public utility within the meaning of the Federal Power Act (FPA) and the payments it receives and how it operates are subject to FERC regulation. PSEG Power Products and Services As a nuclear generation owner and operator, our revenue has been derived primarily from energy, capacity and ancillary services sold to PJM in the spot markets. These products and services may also be hedged through exchange markets or bilaterally. PSEG Power also sells wholesale natural gas, primarily through a full-requirements BGSS contract with PSE G to meet the needs of PSE G s default service customers. In 2022, the BPU approved an extension of the long-term BGSS contract to March 31, 2027, and thereafter the contract remains in effect unless terminated by either party with a two-year notice. PSEG Power supplies PSE G s peak daily gas requirements through its balanced portfolio of firm gas transportation capacity, storage contracts, contract peaking supply, and liquefied natural gas and propane. Based upon the availability of natural gas beyond PSE G s actual daily needs, PSEG Power sells gas to other customers and shares these proceeds with PSE G s customers. How PSEG Power s Nuclear Generation Operates As of December 31, 2025, PSEG Power had 3,758 MW of nuclear generation capacity. All of our nuclear generation capacity is located in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. 5 Table of Contents Our nuclear generation is considered to be base load. Base load units run the most and typically are called to operate whenever they are available. Variable operating costs are low due to the combination of highly efficient operations and the use of relatively lower-cost fuels. Performance is generally measured by the unit s capacity factor, or the ratio of the actual output to the theoretical maximum output. Nuclear Fuel Supply We have long-term contracts for nuclear fuel. These contracts provide for: purchase of uranium (concentrates and uranium hexafluoride), conversion of uranium concentrates to uranium hexafluoride, enrichment of uranium hexafluoride, and fabrication of nuclear fuel assemblies. We expect to be able to meet the nuclear fuel supply demands of our operations. However, there are limited suppliers for certain aspects of this supply chain and the ability to maintain an adequate fuel supply could be affected by several factors not within our control, including changes in prices and demand, tariffs, curtailments by suppliers, severe weather, environmental regulations, war and hostilities, and other factors. For additional information and a discussion of risks, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. MD A Executive Overview of 2025 and Future Outlook and Item 8. Note 12. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. Markets and Market Pricing All of PSEG Power s nuclear generation assets are located within the PJM RTO. In PJM, owners of power plants specify prices at which they are prepared to generate and sell energy based on the marginal cost of generating energy from each individual unit. Typically, the bid price of the last unit dispatched by PJM establishes the energy market-clearing price. This method of determining supply and pricing creates a situation where natural gas prices often have a major influence on the price that generators will receive for their output, especially in periods of relatively strong or weak demand. Therefore, changes in the price of natural gas will often translate into changes in the wholesale price of electricity and will continue to have a strong influence on the price of electricity in the markets in which we operate. Market wholesale prices may vary by location resulting from congestion or other factors and do not necessarily reflect our contract prices. Forward prices are volatile and there can be no assurance that current forward prices will remain in effect or that we will be able to contract output at these forward prices. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law expanding incentives that promote carbon-free generation. The enacted legislation established the production tax credit (PTC) for electricity generation using nuclear energy, which began January 1, 2024 and is available through 2032. PSEG Power s nuclear plants are eligible to benefit from the PTC. The expected PTC rate is up to $15 per megawatt hour (MWh) subject to adjustment based upon a facility s gross receipts and meeting prevailing wage rules. The PTC rate and the gross receipts threshold are subject to annual inflation adjustments. Until additional guidance is issued by the U.S. Treasury, the final realized value of the PTC is subject to adjustment, which may be material. PSEG did not record any PTCs for any of its nuclear units in 2025 as gross receipts exceeded the level at which we would receive PTCs. However, the PTC continues to provide a benefit to our nuclear units by helping to mitigate the exposure to potential downside market volatility. Our nuclear generating units performance and market prices have a considerable effect on our profitability. The PTC is designed to increase with inflation, and therefore, future inflation levels will impact the potential financial support for our nuclear units. In addition, market revenues in excess of the PTC threshold provide opportunity for incremental benefit. PSEG Power s Salem 1, Salem 2 and Hope Creek nuclear plants were also awarded zero emission certificates (ZECs) by the BPU through May 2025. These nuclear plants received ZEC revenue from the electric distribution companies (EDCs) in New Jersey, which was equivalent to approximately $10/MWh. ZEC revenue recorded was reduced by the estimated PTCs generated from PSEG Power s Salem 1, Salem 2, and Hope Creek nuclear plants. ZEC revenue will be adjusted based upon 6 Table of Contents the actual amount of the PTCs when guidance is issued on how to calculate gross receipts and that adjustment could be material. In addition to energy sales, we earn revenue from capacity payments for our generating assets. These payments are compensation for committing our generating units to PJM for dispatch at its discretion. Capacity payments reflect the value to PJM of assurance that there will be sufficient generating capacity available at all times to meet system reliability and energy requirements. In PJM the market design for capacity payments provides for a forward-looking, capacity pricing mechanism through the Reliability Pricing Model (RPM). For additional information regarding auction delays, complaints against PJM regarding RPM, PJM and FERC actions related to the capacity market construct and resulting market uncertainty, see Regulatory Issues Federal Regulation. The prices to be received by generating units in PJM for capacity have been set through RPM base residual and incremental auctions and depend upon the zone in which the generating unit is located. The average capacity prices that PSEG expects to receive from the base residual and incremental auctions which have been completed are disclosed in Item 8. Note 2. Revenues. In addition, the PJM capacity market imposes performance obligations and non-performance penalties on resources during times of system stress. These rules provide an opportunity for bonus payments or require the payment of penalties depending on whether a unit is available during a performance interval. Hedging Strategy Generally, we seek to hedge the financial risks of our generation through sales at PJM West or other nodes corresponding to our nuclear generation portfolio. Our hedge transactions in PJM generally reflect energy sales at the liquid PJM Western Hub or other basis locations when available and other transactions that seek to secure price certainty for our energy output. Our hedging practices help to manage some of the volatility of the nuclear generation business when forward prices are greater than the level at which we would receive PTCs. To mitigate volatility in our results, we seek to contract in advance to hedge the price exposure for a significant portion of our anticipated electric output, capacity and fuel needs. Our hedging strategy also considers the risk reduction impact of the PTC, as the PTC is intended to provide sufficient and stable support for nuclear units. While the PTC eligibility period began in January 2024, the U.S. Treasury has yet to issue guidance regarding the definition of gross receipts. We continue to analyze the impact of the IRA on our nuclear units, including potential future guidance from the U.S. Treasury, potential impacts on hedging strategies and overall financial support. We histor