=== BAC_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The discussion below addresses our material risk factors of which we are aware. Any risk factor, either by itself or together with other risk factors, could materially and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. References to third parties may include suppliers, service providers, counterparties, financial market utilities, exchanges and clearing houses, data aggregators and other partners and their upstream and downstream service providers (e.g., fourth parties, fifth parties) who may also contribute to our risks. Other factors not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial could also adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. Therefore, the risk factors below should not be considered all of the potential risks that we may face. For more information on how we manage risks, see Managing Risk in the MD&A beginning on page 45. For more information about the risks contained in this section, see Item 1. Business beginning on page 2, MD&A beginning on page 26 and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 95. Market We may be adversely affected by the financial markets, fiscal, monetary, and regulatory policies, and economic conditions. General economic, political, social and health conditions, including any prolonged economic downturn that may occur, in the U.S. and abroad affect financial markets and our businesses. In particular, global markets may be affected by the level and volatility of interest rates, availability and market conditions of financing, changes in gross domestic product (GDP), economic growth or its sustainability, inflation, supply chain disruptions, consumer spending, employment levels, labor market conditions, wage stagnation, federal government shutdowns, energy prices, home prices, commercial property values, bankruptcies and a default by a significant market participant or class of counterparties, including in emerging markets. Global markets also may be affected by adverse developments impacting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank and nonbank financial institution failures and liquidity concerns, the actual or perceived impact of asset prices exceeding their underlying economic fundamentals, fluctuations or other significant changes in both debt and equity capital markets and currencies, the impact of the volatility of digital assets on the broader market, changing perceptions of the impact and profitability arising from emerging technologies, the rate of growth of global trade and commerce, trade policies, the availability and cost of capital and credit, disruption of communication, transportation or energy infrastructure, recessionary fears, investor sentiment and the U.S. and global election cycles, including stated, perceived or actual changes to policy and the geopolitical environment. Global markets, including energy and other commodity markets, may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of climate matters, extreme weather events or natural disasters, widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks, military conflicts, terrorism or other geopolitical events. Market fluctuations may impact our margin requirements and liquidity. Any sudden or prolonged market downturn, as a result of the above factors or otherwise, could reduce net interest income and noninterest income and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including capital and liquidity levels. Elevated inflation and interest rate levels, monetary tightening by central banks and geopolitical developments could continue to adversely impact financial markets and macroeconomic conditions, as well as result in increased market volatility and disruptions and recessionary risk. Global uncertainties regarding fiscal and monetary policies continue to present economic challenges. High and rising debt levels in the U.S. and globally may contribute to interest rate volatility, which may constrain governments’ fiscal policies, potentially resulting in adverse economic outcomes. Actions taken by the Federal Reserve or central banks in other jurisdictions, including changes in target rates, balance sheet management and lending facilities, are beyond our control and difficult to predict, particularly in response to the uncertainty of inflationary paths. This can affect interest rates and the value of financial instruments and other assets, such as debt securities, and impact our borrowers and potentially increase delinquency rates and may also raise government debt levels, adversely affect businesses and household incomes, adversely impact the banking sector generally, and increase uncertainty surrounding monetary policy. While the Federal Reserve reduced policy rates in 2025, uncertainty remains regarding the pace and duration of the reduction of market interest rates. If inflation does not continue to decline toward the Federal Reserve’s target, the Federal Reserve may hold the fed funds rate steady or raise rates, resulting in a flat or inverted yield curve, volatility of equity and other markets, and volatility of the U.S. dollar, which could impact investor risk appetite and our borrowers, potentially increasing delinquency rates. Financial market volatility could also result from uncertainty about the timing and extent of any additional rate cuts by the Federal Reserve in response to moderating inflation, weakening economic conditions and/or labor market conditions. Any future change in monetary policy by the Federal Reserve, in an effort to stimulate the economy or otherwise, resulting in lower interest rates would typically result in lower revenue through lower net interest income, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Also, changes to existing U.S. laws and regulatory policies and evolving priorities, including those related to financial regulation, taxation, international trade, fiscal policy and healthcare, may adversely impact U.S. or global economic activity and our clients’, our counterparties’ and our earnings and operations. High and rising federal debt levels, investor concerns about U.S. fiscal spending, changes to fiscal policy and uncertainty about the U.S. budget process could lead to lower investor appetite or market depth for future issuance of U.S. debt securities, higher interest rates, dollar depreciation and financial market volatility, potentially impacting broader economic activity. Further, if the U.S. government’s debt ceiling limit is not addressed and/or increased timely, the ramifications may result in market volatility, ratings downgrades and limit fiscal policy responses to recessionary conditions. This could have a negative and potentially severe impact on the U.S. and world economy and financial and capital markets, including higher interest rates, higher volatility, lower asset values, lower liquidity, downgrades to U.S. debt, and a weakened U.S. dollar, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Changes to international trade and investment policies by the U.S. or other countries, and the uncertainty about potential changes, could negatively impact financial markets globally. Significant increases in tariff rates in the past year have generated heightened market volatility. Further increases or instability associated with tariffs, either broadly applied or targeted at specific goods or trading partners, could adversely impact economic conditions and/or result in higher inflation, which could result in financial market volatility as markets adjust to the incremental cost of doing business and/or new business models to reduce the impacts, as well as adversely Bank of America 8 impact asset prices as experienced in early 2025. Also, the continuation or escalation of tensions between the U.S. and the People’s Republic of China (China), including tariff increases, could lead to further U.S. measures that adversely affect financial markets, disrupt world trade and commerce and lead to trade retaliation, including through the use of counter tariffs, foreign exchange measures or the large-scale sale of U.S. Treasury bonds. These developments could adversely affect our businesses, clients, including demand for our products and services, our market-making activities, our and our clients’ securities and derivatives portfolios, including the risk of lower re-investment rates in those portfolios, our level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, the carrying value of our deferred tax assets, our capital levels, our liquidity, our costs of running our businesses and our results of operations. Increased market volatility and adverse changes in financial or capital market conditions may increase our market risk. Our liquidity, competitive position, business, results of operations and financial condition are affected by market risks such as changes in interest and currency exchange rates, fluctuations in equity, commodity and futures prices, trading volumes and prices of securitized products, the implied volatility of interest rates and credit spreads, idiosyncratic market events and other economic and business factors. These market risks may adversely affect, among other things, the value of our securities, including our on- and off-balance sheet securities, trading assets and other financial instruments, the cost of debt capital and our access to credit markets, the value of assets under management (AUM), fee income relating to AUM, client allocation of capital among investment alternatives, the volume of client activity in our trading operations, investment banking, underwriting and other capital market fees and the general profitability and risk level of the transactions in which we engage and our competitiveness with respect to deposit pricing. The value of certain of our assets is sensitive to changes in market interest rates and/or spreads. If the Federal Reserve or a non-U.S. central bank changes or signals a change in monetary policy, market interest rates or credit spreads could be affected, which could adversely impact the value of such assets. Changes to fiscal policy, including expansion of U.S. federal deficit spending could also affect the market’s receptivity to debt issuance and market interest rates. If interest rates continue to decrease, our results of operations could be negatively impacted, including future revenue and earnings growth. Our models and strategies to assess and control our market risk exposures are subject to inherent limitations. In times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated. Such changes to the relationship between market parameters may limit the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and cause us to incur significant losses. Changes in correlation can be exacerbated where market participants use risk or trading models with assumptions or algorithms similar to ours. In these and other cases, it may be difficult to reduce our risk positions due to activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations, including circumstances where asset values are declining significantly or no market exists. Where we own securities that do not have an established liquid trading market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, or where the degree of accessible liquidity declines significantly, we may not be able to reduce our positions and risks associated with such holdings, so we may suffer larger than expected losses when adverse price movements take place. This risk can be exacerbated where we hold a position that is large relative to the available liquidity. If asset values decline, we may incur losses and negative impacts, including to capital and liquidity positions and requirements. We have a large portfolio of financial instruments, including loans and loan commitments, securities financing agreements, asset-backed secured financings, derivative assets and liabilities, debt securities, marketable equity securities and certain other assets and liabilities that we measure at fair value and are subject to valuation and impairment assessments. We determine these values based on applicable accounting guidance, which, for financial instruments measured at fair value, requires an entity to base fair value on exit price and to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in fair value measurements. The fair values of these financial instruments include adjustments for market liquidity, credit quality, funding impact on certain derivatives and other transaction-specific factors, where appropriate. Gains or losses on these instruments can have a direct impact on our results of operations, unless we have effectively mitigated the risk of our exposures. Increases in interest rates may cause decreases in residential mortgage loan originations and could impact the origination of corporate debt. In addition, increases in interest rates or changes in spreads may adversely impact the fair value of our debt securities and, accordingly, for debt securities classified as available-for-sale (AFS), adversely affect accumulated other comprehensive income and, thus, our capital levels. Increases in interest rates or changes in spreads could also adversely impact our regulatory liquidity position and requirements, which include eligible AFS debt securities and held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities. As our liquidity is dependent on the fair value of these assets, increases in market interest rates and/or wider spreads, have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact the fair value of debt securities, adversely affecting liquidity levels. Fair values may be impacted by declining values of the underlying assets or the prices at which observable market transactions occur and the continued availability of these transactions or indices. The financial strength of counterparties, with whom we have economically hedged some of our exposure to these assets, also will affect the fair value of these assets. Sudden declines and volatility in the prices of assets may curtail or eliminate trading activities in these assets, which may make it difficult to sell, hedge or value these assets. The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces our ability to limit losses in such positions, and the difficulty in valuing assets may increase our risk-weighted assets (RWA), which requires us to maintain additional capital and increases our funding costs. Values of AUM also impact revenues in our wealth management and related advisory businesses for asset-based management and performance fees. Declines in values of AUM can result in lower fees earned for managing such assets. Liquidity If we are unable to access capital markets, we experience sustained net deposit outflows, or our borrowing costs increase, our liquidity and competitive position may be negatively affected. Liquidity is essential to our businesses and is primarily supported by globally sourced deposits in our bank entities, as well as secured and unsecured liabilities transacted in the capital markets. We rely on certain secured funding sources, such as repo markets, which are typically short-term and may be credit-sensitive. We also engage in asset securitization transactions, including with the government-sponsored 9 Bank of America enterprises (GSEs), to help fund a portion of our consumer lending activities. Our liquidity could be adversely affected by any inability to access the capital markets, illiquidity or volatility in the capital markets, the decrease in value of eligible collateral or increased collateral requirements (including as a result of credit concerns for short-term borrowing), changes to our relationships with our funding providers based on real or perceived changes in our risk profile, prolonged federal government shutdowns, or uncertainty regarding the impact of potential GSE privatization. Also, our liquidity or cost of funds may be negatively impacted by the unwillingness or inability of the Federal Reserve to act as lender of last resort, unexpected simultaneous draws on credit lines or deposits, slower client payment rates, restricted access to the assets of prime brokerage clients, the failure to attract or retain client deposits or invested funds, including large-scale deposit migration (e.g., from attrition resulting from clients seeking higher yielding deposits or to an alternative financial institution perceived to be safer, changing investment preferences or securities products, moving balances into digital assets (e.g., stablecoin) or other alternative non-bank financial platforms, changes to spending behavior due to inflation, a decline in the economy or other drivers resulting in an increased need for cash), increased regulatory liquidity, capital and margin requirements for our U.S. or international banks and their nonbank subsidiaries, which could result in the inability to transfer liquidity internally, changes in patterns of intraday liquidity usage resulting from a counterparty or technology failure or other idiosyncratic event or failure, the default by a significant market participant or third party (including clearing agents, custodians, central banks or central counterparty clearinghouses (CCPs)) or the inability to sell assets due to illiquid markets (e.g., no market exists or market saturation). These factors may increase our borrowing costs and negatively impact our liquidity. Several of these factors may arise from circumstances beyond our control, such as general market volatility, disruption, shock or stress, stress in sovereign debt markets, the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, sanctions and geopolitical events and/or turmoil (including military conflicts). Federal Reserve policy decisions (including fluctuations in interest rates or Federal Reserve balance sheet composition), negative views or loss of confidence about us, the financial services industry or the U.S. monetary system generally, or due to a specific news event (e.g., bank failures), the further development and acceptance of nonbank digital asset ecosystems (e.g., stablecoin), changes in the regulatory environment or governmental fiscal or monetary policies, actions by credit rating agencies or an operational problem that affects third parties or us. The impact of these potentially sudden events, whether within our control or not, could result in our inability to sell assets or redeem investments, unforeseen outflows of cash, draws on liquidity facilities, reduced financing balances, the loss of equity secured funding, debt repurchases to support the secondary market or meet client requests, the need for additional funding for commitments and contingencies and unexpected collateral calls, among other things, the result of which could be increased costs, a liquidity shortfall and/or impact on our liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio. Our liquidity and cost of funds may be impacted by reputational damage, investor behavior and confidence, debt market disruption, firm specific concerns or prevailing market conditions, including changes in interest and currency exchange rates, significant fluctuations in equity and futures prices, lower trading volumes and prices of securitized products and our credit spreads. Increases in interest rates and our credit spreads can increase funding costs and result in mark-to-market or credit valuation adjustment exposures. Credit spread changes are market driven and may be influenced by market perceptions of our creditworthiness, including credit rating changes or changes in broader financial market and macroeconomic conditions. Changes to interest rates and our credit spreads occur continuously and may be unpredictable and highly volatile. We may also experience net interest margin compression from offering higher than expected deposit rates in order to attract and maintain deposits or otherwise. Concentrations within our funding profile, such as by maturity, currency or counterparty, can also reduce our funding efficiency. Reduction in our credit ratings could limit our access to funding or the capital markets, increase borrowing costs or trigger additional collateral or funding requirements. Our credit ratings directly affect our borrowing costs and access to funding. Credit ratings are also important to investors, clients or counterparties when we compete in certain markets and seek to engage in certain transactions, including over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. Rating agencies conduct ongoing reviews of our credit ratings based on a number of financial and nonfinancial factors, including our franchise, financial strength, performance and prospects, management, governance, risk management practices, capital adequacy, asset quality and operations, among other criteria, as well as factors beyond our control, such as regulatory developments, macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, changes in rating methodologies or U.S. sovereign debt ratings. Rating agencies could adjust our credit ratings at any time and there can be no assurance as to whether or when a downgrade could occur. A downgrade could widen our credit spread, negatively affect our access to credit markets, the related cost of funds, our businesses and certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where counterparty creditworthiness is critical. Downgrades of short-term credit ratings of our parent company or bank or broker-dealer subsidiaries, could reduce or eliminate access to short-term funding sources such as repo financing, and/or incur increased cost of funds and increased collateral requirements. Under the terms of certain OTC derivative contracts and other trading agreements, a credit rating downgrade could require us or our subsidiaries to post additional collateral or permit counterparties to terminate these contracts or agreements. While certain potential impacts are contractual and quantifiable, the full consequences of a credit rating downgrade are inherently uncertain and depend upon numerous dynamic, complex and inter-related factors and assumptions, including the relationship between long-term and short-term credit ratings and the behaviors of clients, investors and counterparties. Bank of America Corporation is a holding company, is dependent on its subsidiaries for liquidity and may be restricted from transferring funds from subsidiaries. Bank of America Corporation, as the parent company, is a separate and distinct legal entity from its bank and nonbank subsidiaries. We evaluate and manage liquidity on a legal entity basis. Legal entity liquidity is an important consideration as there are legal, regulatory, contractual and other limitations on our ability to utilize liquidity from one legal entity to satisfy the liquidity requirements of another, including the parent company, which could result in adverse liquidity events. The parent company depends on dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from our bank and nonbank subsidiaries to fund dividend payments on our common and preferred stock and to Bank of America 10 fund payments on our other obligations, including debt obligations. Any inability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds, pay dividends or make payments to the parent company may adversely affect our cash flow, liquidity and financial condition. Many subsidiaries, including bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments, or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to the parent company or other subsidiaries. Our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates, minimum regulatory capital and liquidity requirements and restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in bank or brokerage accounts to fund their businesses. Intercompany arrangements in connection with our resolution planning submissions could restrict the amount of subsidiary funding available to the parent company from our subsidiaries under certain adverse conditions. Additional restrictions on transactions with certain related parties, increased capital and liquidity requirements and additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit in bank or brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the amount of funds available to meet the obligations of the parent company and may require the parent company to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. Regulatory action that requires additional liquidity at our subsidiaries could impede access to funds we need to pay our obligations or pay dividends. In addition, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors. Bank of America Corporation’s liquidity and financial condition, and the ability to pay dividends and obligations, could be adversely affected in the event of a resolution. Bank of America Corporation, our parent holding company, is required to submit a plan to the FDIC and Federal Reserve every two years describing its resolution strategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress or failure. Bank of America Corporation’s preferred resolution strategy is a “single point of entry” strategy, whereby only the parent holding company would file for bankruptcy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Certain key operating subsidiaries would be provided with sufficient capital and liquidity to operate through severe stress and to enable such subsidiaries to continue operating or be wound down in a solvent manner following a bankruptcy of the parent holding company. Bank of America Corporation has entered into intercompany arrangements resulting in the contribution of most of its capital and liquidity to key subsidiaries. Pursuant to these arrangements, if Bank of America Corporation’s liquidity resources deteriorate so severely that resolution becomes imminent, it will no longer be able to draw liquidity from its key subsidiaries and will be required to contribute its remaining financial assets to a wholly-owned holding company subsidiary. This could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, including the ability to meet our payment obligations, and our ability to pay dividends and/or repurchase our common stock. If the FDIC and Federal Reserve jointly determine that Bank of America Corporation’s resolution plan is not credible, they could impose more stringent capital or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations. We could also be required to take certain actions that could impose operating costs and result in the divestiture of assets or restructuring of businesses and subsidiaries. When a G-SIB such as Bank of America Corporation is in default or danger of default, the FDIC may be appointed receiver to conduct an orderly liquidation, and could, among other things, invoke the orderly liquidation authority, instead of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, if the Secretary of the Treasury makes certain financial distress and systemic risk determinations. Also, the FDIC could replace Bank of America Corporation with a bridge holding company, which could continue operations and result in an orderly resolution of the underlying bank, but whose equity would be held solely for the benefit of our creditors. The FDIC’s “single point of entry” strategy may result in our security holders suffering greater losses than would have been the case under a bankruptcy proceeding or a different resolution strategy. If the Corporation is resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or the FDIC’s orderly liquidation authority, third-party creditors of our subsidiaries may receive significant or full recoveries on their claims, while security holders of Bank of America Corporation could face significant or complete losses. Credit Economic or market disruptions and insufficient credit loss reserves may result in a higher provision for credit losses. A number of our products expose us to credit risk, including loans, letters of credit, derivatives, debt securities, trading account assets and assets held-for-sale. Deterioration in the financial condition of our consumer and commercial borrowers, counterparties or underlying collateral could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our credit portfolios may be impacted by U.S. and global macroeconomic and market conditions and uncertainties, events and disruptions, including declines in GDP, consumer spending or property values, asset price corrections, increasing consumer and corporate leverage, increases in corporate bond spreads, government shutdowns or policies such as tax changes, changes in international trade policy including tariff rates, rising or elevated unemployment levels, elevated inflation or cost of living expenses, fluctuations in foreign exchange or interest rates, as well as the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, extreme weather events and natural disasters. Significant economic or market stresses and disruptions typically have a negative impact on the business environment and financial markets, which could impact the underlying credit quality of our borrowers and counterparties and asset values. Property value declines or asset price corrections could increase the risk of borrowers or counterparties defaulting or becoming delinquent in their obligations to us, and could decrease the value of the collateral we hold, which could increase credit losses. Credit risk could also be magnified by lending to leveraged borrowers or as a result of declining asset prices, including property or collat

=== BAC_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation’s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The table below presents share repurchase activity for the three months ended March 31, 2026. The primary source of funds for cash distributions by the Corporation to its shareholders is dividends received from its banking subsidiaries. Each of the banking subsidiaries is subject to various regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain capital above regulatory minimums. All of the Corporation’s preferred stock outstanding has preference over the Corporation’s common stock with respect to payment of dividends. (Dollars in millions, except per share information; shares in thousands) Total Common Shares Repurchased (1,2) Weighted-Average Per Share Price Total Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (2) Remaining Buyback Authority Amounts (2) January 1 - 31, 2026 35,641 $ 54.02 35,608 $ 28,205 February 1 - 28, 2026 83,145 53.34 55,829 25,235 March 1 - 31, 2026 56,103 48.04 48,334 22,912 Three months ended March 31, 2026 174,889 51.78 139,771 (1) Includes 35 million shares of the Corporation's common stock acquired by the Corporation in connection with satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock or restricted stock units and certain forfeitures and terminations of employment-related awards and for potential re-issuance to certain employees under equity incentive plans. (2) On July 23, 2025, the Corporation’s Board of Directors authorized and announced a $40 billion common stock repurchase program (2025 Repurchase Program), effective August 1, 2025, to replace the previously disclosed repurchase program, which expired on August 1, 2025. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, pursuant to the 2025 Repurchase Program, the Corporation repurchased approximately 140 million shares, or $7.2 billion, of its common stock. For more information, see Capital Management – CCAR and Capital Planning in the MD&A on page 16 and Note 11 – Shareholders’ Equity to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Corporation did not have any unregistered sales of equity securities during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Item 5. Other Information Trading Arrangements During the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026, none of the Corporation’s directors or officers as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (in each case, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K) for the purchase or sale of the Corporation’s securities. Bank of America 96 Item 6. Exhibits ​ Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Notes Form Exhibit Filing Date File No. 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and in effect on the date hereof 10-Q 3.1 7/31/25 1-6523 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation as in effect on the date hereof 10-Q 3.2 7/30/24 1-6523 10.1 Form of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under the Bank of America Corporation Equity Plan (BACEP) 1,2 10.2 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under the BACEP 1,2 10.3 Form of Time-Based Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under the BACEP 1,2 10.4 Form of Time-Based Share-Settled Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under the BACEP 1,2 22 Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 10-K 22 2/25/26 1-6523 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 1 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 1 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 3 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 3 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 4 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 1 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 1 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 1 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 1 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 1 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (1) Filed herewith. (2) Exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrang ement. (3) Furnished herewith. This exhibit shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (4) The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. Signature Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Bank of America Corporation Registrant Date: May 1, 2026 /s/ Johnbull E. Okpara Johnbull E. Okpara Chief Accounting Officer 97 Bank of America 