=== BAC_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulatory, Compliance and Legal on page 17. Capital, Liquidity and Operational Requirements As a financial holding company, we and our bank subsidiaries are subject to the regulatory capital and liquidity rules issued by the Federal Reserve and other U.S. banking regulators, including the OCC and the FDIC. These rules are complex and continue to evolve as U.S. and international regulatory authorities propose and enact amendments to these rules. The Corporation seeks to manage its capital position to maintain sufficient capital to satisfy these regulatory rules and to support our business activities. These continually evolving rules are likely to influence our planning processes and may result in changes to regulatory capital and liquidity, as well as impose additional operational and compliance costs on the Corporation. For more information on regulatory capital rules and capital composition, see Capital Management on page 48, Note 16 Regulatory Requirements and Restrictions to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Item 1, and Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulatory, Compliance and Legal on page 17. Distributions We are subject to various regulatory policies and requirements relating to capital actions, including payment of dividends and common stock repurchases. For instance, Federal Reserve regulations require major U.S. BHCs to submit a capital plan as part of an annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR). Our ability to pay dividends and make common stock repurchases depends in part on our ability to maintain regulatory capital levels above minimum requirements plus buffers and non-capital standards established under the FDICIA. To the extent that the Federal Reserve increases our stress capital buffer (SCB), global systemically important bank (G-SIB) surcharge or countercyclical capital buffer, our returns of capital to shareholders, including dividends and common stock repurchases, could decrease. As part of its CCAR, the Federal Reserve conducts stress testing on parts of our business using hypothetical economic scenarios prepared by the Federal Reserve. Those scenarios may affect our CCAR stress test results, which may impact the level of our SCB. For example, based on the results of our 2025 CCAR stress test, the Corporation s SCB decreased to 2.5 percent. Additionally, the Corporation s G-SIB surcharge is 3.0 percent. The Federal Reserve could also impose limitations or prohibitions on taking capital actions such as paying or increasing dividends or repurchasing common stock, including as a result of economic disruptions or events. If the Federal Reserve finds that a bank is not well-capitalized or well-managed, the bank s BHC would be required to enter into an agreement with the Federal Reserve to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements, which may contain additional limitations or conditions relating to its activities. Additionally, the applicable federal regulatory authority is authorized to determine, under certain circumstances relating to the financial condition of a bank or BHC, if the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof. Many of our subsidiaries, including our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments, or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to the parent company or other subsidiaries. The rights of the Corporation, our shareholders and our creditors to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of our subsidiaries are further subject to the prior claims of creditors of the respective subsidiaries. For more information regarding distributions, including the minimum capital requirements, see Note 13 Shareholders Equity and Note 16 Regulatory Requirements and Restrictions to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Resolution Planning As a BHC with greater than $250 billion of assets, every two years the Corporation is required by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC to submit a plan for a rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure. Such resolution plan is intended to be a detailed roadmap for the orderly resolution of the BHC, including the continued operations or solvent wind down of its material entities, pursuant to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code under one or more hypothetical scenarios assuming no extraordinary government assistance. If both the Federal Reserve and the FDIC determine that the BHC s plan is not credible, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC may jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on growth, activities or operations. A summary of our plan is available on the Federal Reserve and FDIC websites. The FDIC also requires the submission of a resolution plan for Bank of America, National Association (BANA), which must describe how the insured depository institution would be resolved under the bank resolution provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. A description of this plan is available on the FDIC s website. 5 Bank of America We continue to make progress to enhance our resolvability, which includes continued improvements to our preparedness and exercise capabilities to implement our resolution plan, both from a financial and operational standpoint. Across international jurisdictions, resolution planning is the responsibility of national resolution authorities (RA) and central resolution authorities (CA). Among those, the jurisdictions with the greatest impact to the Corporation s subsidiaries are the U.K., Ireland, France, Mexico, Hong Kong, Indonesia, the Philippines and Malaysia where rules have been issued requiring the submission of significant information about locally incorporated subsidiaries as well as the Corporation s banking branches located in those jurisdictions that are deemed to be material for resolution planning purposes. As a result of the RA s and CA's review of the submitted information, we could be required to take certain actions over the next several years that could increase operating costs and potentially result in the restructuring of certain businesses and subsidiaries. For more information regarding our resolution plan, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Liquidity on page 9. Insolvency and the Orderly Liquidation Authority Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the FDIC may be appointed receiver of an insured depository institution if it is insolvent or in certain other circumstances. In addition, under the Financial Reform Act, when a systemically important financial institution (SIFI) such as the Corporation is in default or danger of default, the FDIC may be appointed receiver in order to conduct an orderly liquidation of such institution. In the event of such appointment, the FDIC could, among other things, invoke the orderly liquidation authority, instead of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, if the Secretary of the Treasury makes certain financial distress and systemic risk determinations. The orderly liquidation authority is modeled in part on the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, but also adopts certain concepts from the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The orderly liquidation authority contains certain differences from the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. For example, in certain circumstances, the FDIC could permit payment of obligations it determines to be systemically significant (e.g., short-term creditors or operating creditors) in lieu of paying other obligations (e.g., long-term creditors) without the need to obtain creditors consent or prior court review. The insolvency and resolution process could also lead to a large reduction or total elimination of the value of a BHC s outstanding equity, as well as impairment or elimination of certain debt. Under the FDIC s single point of entry strategy for resolving SIFIs, the FDIC could replace a distressed BHC with a bridge holding company, which could continue operations and result in an orderly resolution of the underlying bank, but whose equity is held solely for the benefit of creditors of the original BHC. Furthermore, the Federal Reserve requires that BHCs maintain minimum levels of long-term debt required to provide adequate loss absorbing capacity in the event of a resolution. For more information regarding our resolution, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Liquidity on page 9. Limitations on Acquisitions The Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 permits a BHC to acquire banks located in states other than its home state without regard to state law, subject to certain conditions, including the condition that the BHC, after and as a result of the acquisition, controls no more than 10 percent of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions in the U.S. and no more than 30 percent or such lesser or greater amount set by state law of such deposits in that state. At June 30, 2025, we held greater than 10 percent of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions in the U.S. In addition, the Financial Reform Act restricts acquisitions by a financial institution if, as a result of the acquisition, the total liabilities of the financial institution would exceed 10 percent of the total liabilities of all financial institutions in the U.S. At June 30, 2025, our liabilities did not exceed 10 percent of the total liabilities of all financial institutions in the U.S. The Volcker Rule The Volcker Rule prohibits insured depository institutions and companies affiliated with insured depository institutions (collectively, banking entities) from engaging in short-term proprietary trading of certain securities, derivatives, commodity futures and options for their own account. The Volcker Rule also imposes limits on banking entities investments in, and other relationships with, hedge funds and private equity funds. The Volcker Rule provides exemptions for certain activities, including market making, underwriting, hedging, trading in government obligations, insurance company activities and organizing and offering hedge funds and private equity funds. The Volcker Rule also clarifies that certain activities are not prohibited, including acting as agent, broker or custodian. A banking entity with significant trading operations, such as the Corporation, is required to maintain a detailed compliance program to comply with the restrictions of the Volcker Rule. Derivatives Our derivatives businesses are subject to extensive regulation globally, including under the Financial Reform Act, the European Union (EU) Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Regulation, the European Market Infrastructure Regulation, analogous U.K. regulatory regimes and similar regulatory regimes in other jurisdictions. These regulations, among other things, require clearing and exchange trading of certain derivatives, establish capital, margin, reporting, registration and business conduct requirements for certain market participants, set position limits on certain derivatives and set out derivatives trading transparency requirements. In addition, many G-20 jurisdictions, including the U.S., EU, U.K., and Japan, have adopted resolution stay regulations to address concerns that the close-out of derivatives and other financial contracts could impede orderly resolution of G-SIBs. Generally, these regulations require amendment of certain financial contracts to provide for contractual recognition of stays of termination rights under various statutory resolution regimes and a stay on the exercise of cross-default rights based on an affiliate s entry into insolvency proceedings. Resolution regulations may also require contractual recognition by the counterparty that amounts owed to them may be written down or converted into equity as part of a bail in. As resolution stay regulations of a particular jurisdiction applicable to us go into effect, we amend impacted financial contracts in compliance with such regulations either as a regulated entity or as a counterparty facing a regulated entity in such jurisdiction. Bank of America 6 Consumer Regulations Our consumer businesses are subject to extensive federal regulation and oversight by federal and state authorities. We are subject to numerous federal consumer protection laws, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Fair Housing Act, Electronic Fund Transfer Act (EFTA), Fair Credit Reporting Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, prohibitions on unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices, Truth in Lending Act, Truth in Savings Act and the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. Privacy and Information Security We are subject to many U.S. federal, state and international laws and regulations governing requirements for maintaining policies and procedures regarding the collection, disclosure, use and protection of the personal information of our customers and employees. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires us to periodically disclose Bank of America s privacy policies and practices relating to the disclosure of customer information and enables retail customers to opt out of our ability to share information with unaffiliated third parties, under certain circumstances. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and other laws also require us to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards to provide the security and confidentiality of customer records and information. Security and privacy policies and procedures for the protection of personal and confidential information are in effect across all businesses and geographic locations. Other laws and regulations, at the international, federal and state level, impact our ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or contact customers with marketing offers and establish certain rights of consumers in connection with their personal information. For example, California s Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides consumers with the right to know what personal data is being collected, know whether their personal data is sold, or disclosed for purposes of targeted marketing, and to whom, and opt out of the sale or disclosure of their personal data, among other rights. In addition , in the EU and other countries around the world, similar laws, such as the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR), afford those countries residents with certain rights related to their information and may impose additional obligations on financial institutions. The impact of these laws on the Corporation is assessed and addressed through comprehensive compliance implementation programs. These existing and evolving legal requirements in the U.S. and abroad, as well as court proceedings and changing guidance from regulatory bodies, including the validity of cross-border data transfer mechanisms from the EU and other jurisdictions, continue to lend uncertainty to privacy compliance globally. Additionally, the Corporation is subject to emerging and evolving information security (including cybersecurity) LRRs enacted by U.S. federal and state governments and non-U.S. jurisdictions, including requirements to develop cybersecurity and resilience programs, policies and frameworks, as well as provide disclosure and/or notifications of certain cybersecurity incidents and data breaches. Artificial intelligence-related (AI) LRRs are also rapidly evolving in the U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions imposing various obligations, including AI governance and risk management, transparency and consumer disclosures, documentation and reporting requirements, AI use restrictions and enhanced compliance obligations for AI systems, including those categorized as high risk. For more information on risks related to privacy and information security, see Item 1A. Risk Factors on beginning on page 8. 7 Bank of America Item 1A. Risk Factors The discussion below addresses our material risk factors of which we are aware. Any risk factor, either by itself or together with other risk factors, could materially and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. References to third parties may include suppliers, service providers, counterparties, financial market utilities, exchanges and clearing houses, data aggregators and other partners and their upstream and downstream service providers (e.g., fourth parties, fifth parties) who may also contribute to our risks. Other factors not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial could also adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. Therefore, the risk factors below should not be considered all of the potential risks that we may face. For more information on how we manage risks, see Managing Risk in the MD A beginning on page 45. For more information about the risks contained in this section, see Item 1. Business beginning on page 2, MD A beginning on page 26 and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 95. Market We may be adversely affected by the financial markets, fiscal, monetary, and regulatory policies, and economic conditions. General economic, political, social and health conditions, including any prolonged economic downturn that may occur, in the U.S. and abroad affect financial markets and our businesses. In particular, global markets may be affected by the level and volatility of interest rates, availability and market conditions of financing, changes in gross domestic product (GDP), economic growth or its sustainability, inflation, supply chain disruptions, consumer spending, employment levels, labor market conditions, wage stagnation, federal government shutdowns, energy prices, home prices, commercial property values, bankruptcies and a default by a significant market participant or class of counterparties, including in emerging markets. Global markets also may be affected by adverse developments impacting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank and nonbank financial institution failures and liquidity concerns, the actual or perceived impact of asset prices exceeding their underlying economic fundamentals, fluctuations or other significant changes in both debt and equity capital markets and currencies, the impact of the volatility of digital assets on the broader market, changing perceptions of the impact and profitability arising from emerging technologies, the rate of growth of global trade and commerce, trade policies, the availability and cost of capital and credit, disruption of communication, transportation or energy infrastructure, recessionary fears, investor sentiment and the U.S. and global election cycles, including stated, perceived or actual changes to policy and the geopolitical environment. Global markets, including energy and other commodity markets, may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of climate matters, extreme weather events or natural disasters, widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks, military conflicts, terrorism or other geopolitical events. Market fluctuations may impact our margin requirements and liquidity. Any sudden or prolonged market downturn, as a result of the above factors or otherwise, could reduce net interest income and noninterest income and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including capital and liquidity levels. Elevated inflation and interest rate levels, monetary tightening by central banks and geopolitical developments could continue to adversely impact financial markets and macroeconomic conditions, as well as result in increased market volatility and disruptions and recessionary risk. Global uncertainties regarding fiscal and monetary policies continue to present economic challenges. High and rising debt levels in the U.S. and globally may contribute to interest rate volatility, which may constrain governments fiscal policies, potentially resulting in adverse economic outcomes. Actions taken by the Federal Reserve or central banks in other jurisdictions, including changes in target rates, balance sheet management and lending facilities, are beyond our control and difficult to predict, particularly in response to the uncertainty of inflationary paths. This can affect interest rates and the value of financial instruments and other assets, such as debt securities, and impact our borrowers and potentially increase delinquency rates and may also raise government debt levels, adversely affect businesses and household incomes, adversely impact the banking sector generally, and increase uncertainty surrounding monetary policy. While the Federal Reserve reduced policy rates in 2025, uncertainty remains regarding the pace and duration of the reduction of market interest rates. If inflation does not continue to decline toward the Federal Reserve s target, the Federal Reserve may hold the fed funds rate steady or raise rates, resulting in a flat or inverted yield curve, volatility of equity and other markets, and volatility of the U.S. dollar, which could impact investor risk appetite and our borrowers, potentially increasing delinquency rates. Financial market volatility could also result from uncertainty about the timing and extent of any additional rate cuts by the Federal Reserve in response to moderating inflation, weakening economic conditions and/or labor market conditions. Any future change in monetary policy by the Federal Reserve, in an effort to stimulate the economy or otherwise, resulting in lower interest rates would typically result in lower revenue through lower net interest income, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Also, changes to existing U.S. laws and regulatory policies and evolving priorities, including those related to financial regulation, taxation, international trade, fiscal policy and healthcare, may adversely impact U.S. or global economic activity and our clients , our counterparties and our earnings and operations. High and rising federal debt levels, investor concerns about U.S. fiscal spending, changes to fiscal policy and uncertainty about the U.S. budget process could lead to lower investor appetite or market depth for future issuance of U.S. debt securities, higher interest rates, dollar depreciation and financial market volatility, potentially impacting broader economic activity. Further, if the U.S. government s debt ceiling limit is not addressed and/or increased timely, the ramifications may result in market volatility, ratings downgrades and limit fiscal policy responses to recessionary conditions. This could have a negative and potentially severe impact on the U.S. and world economy and financial and capital markets, including higher interest rates, higher volatility, lower asset values, lower liquidity, downgrades to U.S. debt, and a weakened U.S. dollar, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Changes to international trade and investment policies by the U.S. or other countries, and the uncertainty about potential changes, could negatively impact financial markets globally. Significant increases in tariff rates in the past year have generated heightened market volatility. Further increases or instability associated with tariffs, either broadly applied or targeted at specific goods or trading partners, could adversely impact economic conditions and/or result in higher inflation, which could result in financial market volatility as markets adjust to the incremental cost of doing business and/or new business models to reduce the impacts, as well as adversely Bank of America 8 impact asset prices as experienced in early 2025. Also, the continuation or escalation of tensions between the U.S. and the People s Republic of China (China), including tariff increases, could lead to further U.S. measures that adversely affect financial markets, disrupt world trade and commerce and lead to trade retaliation, including through the use of counter tariffs, foreign exchange measures or the large-scale sale of U.S. Treasury bonds. These developments could adversely affect our businesses, clients, including demand for our products and services, our market-making activities, our and our clients securities and derivatives portfolios, including the risk of lower re-investment rates in those portfolios, our level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, the carrying value of our deferred tax assets, our capital levels, our liquidity, our costs of running our businesses and our results of operations. Increased market volatility and adverse changes in financial or capital market conditions may increase our market risk. Our liquidity, competitive position, business, results of operations and financial condition are affected by market risks such as changes in interest and currency exchange rates, fluctuations in equity, commodity and futures prices, trading volumes and prices of securitized products, the implied volatility of interest rates and credit spreads, idiosyncratic market events and other economic and business factors. These market risks may adversely affect, among other things, the value of our securities, including our on- and off-balance sheet securities, trading assets and other financial instruments, the cost of debt capital and our access to credit markets, the value of assets under management (AUM), fee income relating to AUM, client allocation of capital among investment alternatives, the volume of client activity in our trading operations, investment banking, underwriting and other capital market fees and the general profitability and risk level of the transactions in which we engage and our competitiveness with respect to deposit pricing. The value of certain of our assets is sensitive to changes in market interest rates and/or spreads. If the Federal Reserve or a non-U.S. central bank changes or signals a change in monetary policy, market interest rates or credit spreads could be affected, which could adversely impact the value of such assets. Changes to fiscal policy, including expansion of U.S. federal deficit spending could also affect the market s receptivity to debt issuance and market interest rates. If interest rates continue to decrease, our results of operations could be negatively impacted, including future revenue and earnings growth. Our models and strategies to assess and control our market risk exposures are subject to inherent limitations. In times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated. Such changes to the relationship between market parameters may limit the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and cause us to incur significant losses. Changes in correlation can be exacerbated where market participants use risk or trading models with assumptions or algorithms similar to ours. In these and other cases, it may be difficult to reduce our risk positions due to activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations, including circumstances where asset values are declining significantly or no market exists. Where we own securities that do not have an established liquid trading market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, or where the degree of accessible liquidity declines significantly, we may not be able to reduce our positions and risks associated with such holdings, so we may suffer larger than expected losses when adverse price movements take place. This risk can be exacerbated where we hold a position that is large relative to the available liquidity. If asset values decline, we may incur losses and negative impacts, including to capital and liquidity positions and requirements. We have a large portfolio of financial instruments, including loans and loan commitments, securities financing agreements, asset-backed secured financings, derivative assets and liabilities, debt securities, marketable equity securities and certain other assets and liabilities that we measure at fair value and are subject to valuation and impairment assessments. We determine these values based on applicable accounting guidance, which, for financial instruments measured at fair value, requires an entity to base fair value on exit price and to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in fair value measurements. The fair values of these financial instruments include adjustments for market liquidity, credit quality, funding impact on certain derivatives and other transaction-specific factors, where appropriate. Gains or losses on these instruments can have a direct impact on our results of operations, unless we have effectively mitigated the risk of our exposures. Increases in interest rates may cause decreases in residential mortgage loan originations and could impact the origination of corporate debt. In addition, increases in interest rates or changes in spreads may adversely impact the fair value of our debt securities and, accordingly, for debt securities classified as available-for-sale (AFS), adversely affect accumulated other comprehensive income and, thus, our capital levels. Increases in interest rates or changes in spreads could also adversely impact our regulatory liquidity position and requirements, which include eligible AFS debt securities and held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities. As our liquidity is dependent on the fair value of these assets, increases in market interest rates and/or wider spreads, have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact the fair value of debt securities, adversely affecting liquidity levels. Fair values may be impacted by declining values of the underlying assets or the prices at which observable market transactions occur and the continued availability of these transactions or indices. The financial strength of counterparties, with whom we have economically hedged some of our exposure to these assets, also will affect the fair value of these assets. Sudden declines and volatility in the prices of assets may curtail or eliminate trading activities in these assets, which may make it difficult to sell, hedge or value these assets. The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces our ability to limit losses in such positions, and the difficulty in valuing assets may increase our risk-weighted assets (RWA), which requires us to maintain additional capital and increases our funding costs. Values of AUM also impact revenues in our wealth management and related advisory businesses for asset-based management and performance fees. Declines in values of AUM can result in lower fees earned for managing such assets. Liquidity If we are unable to access capital markets, we experience sustained net deposit outflows, or our borrowing costs increase, our liquidity and competitive position may be negatively affected. Liquidity is essential to our businesses and is primarily supported by globally sourced deposits in our bank entities, as well as secured and unsecured liabilities transacted in the capital markets. We rely on certain secured funding sources, such as repo markets, which are typically short-term and may be credit-sensitive. We also engage in asset securitization transactions, including with the government-sponsored 9 Bank of America enterprises (GSEs), to help fund a portion of our consumer lending activities. Our liquidity could be adversely affected by any inability to access the capital markets, illiquidity or volatility in the capital markets, the decrease in value of eligible collateral or increased collateral requirements (including as a result of credit concerns for short-term borrowing), changes to our relationships with our funding providers based on real or perceived changes in our risk profile, prolonged federal government shutdowns, or uncertainty regarding the impact of potential GSE privatization. Also, our liquidity or cost of funds may be negatively impacted by the unwillingness or inability of the Federal Reserve to act as lender of last resort, unexpected simultaneous draws on credit lines or deposits, slower client payment rates, restricted access to the assets of prime brokerage clients, the failure to attract or retain client deposits or invested funds, including large-scale deposit migration (e.g., from attrition resulting from clients seeking higher yielding deposits or to an alternative financial institution perceived to be safer, changing investment preferences or securities products, moving balances into digital assets (e.g., stablecoin) or other alternative non-bank financial platforms, changes to spending behavior due to inflation, a decline in the economy or other drivers resulting in an increased need for cash), increased regulatory liquidity, capital and margin requirements for our U.S. or international banks and their nonbank subsidiaries, which could result in the inability to transfer liquidity internally, changes in patterns of intraday liquidity usage resulting from a counterparty or technology failure or other idiosyncratic event or failure, the default by a significant market participant or third party (including clearing agents, custodians, central banks or central counterparty clearinghouses (CCPs)) or the inability to sell assets due to illiquid markets (e.g., no market exists or market saturation). These factors may increase our borrowing costs and negatively impact our liquidity. Several of these factors may arise from circumstances beyond our control, such as general market volatility, disruption, shock or stress, stress in sovereign debt markets, the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, sanctions and geopolitical events and/or turmoil (including military conflicts). Federal Reserve policy decisions (including fluctuations in interest rates or Federal Reserve balance sheet composition), negative views or loss of confidence about us, the financial services industry or the U.S. monetary system generally, or due to a specific news event (e.g., bank failures), the further development and acceptance of nonbank digital asset ecosystems (e.g., stablecoin), changes in the regulatory environment or governmental fiscal or monetary policies, actions by credit rating agencies or an operational problem that affects third parties or us. The impact of these potentially sudden events, whether within our control or not, could result in our inability to sell assets or redeem investments, unforeseen outflows of cash, draws on liquidity facilities, reduced financing balances, the loss of equity secured funding, debt repurchases to support the secondary market or meet client requests, the need for additional funding for commitments and contingencies and unexpected collateral calls, among other things, the result of which could be increased costs, a liquidity shortfall and/or impact on our liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio. Our liquidity and cost of funds may be impacted by reputational damage, investor behavior and confidence, debt market disruption, firm specific concerns or prevailing market conditions, including changes in interest and currency exchange rates, significant fluctuations in equity and futures prices, lower trading volumes and prices of securitized products and our credit spreads. Increases in interest rates and our credit spreads can increase funding costs and result in mark-to-market or credit valuation adjustment exposures. Credit spread changes are market driven and may be influenced by market perceptions of our creditworthiness, including credit rating changes or changes in broader financial market and macroeconomic conditions. Changes to interest rates and our credit spreads occur continuously and may be unpredictable and highly volatile. We may also experience net interest margin compression from offering higher than expected deposit rates in order to attract and maintain deposits or otherwise. Concentrations within our funding profile, such as by maturity, currency or counterparty, can also reduce our funding efficiency. Reduction in our credit ratings could limit our access to funding or the capital markets, increase borrowing costs or trigger additional collateral or funding requirements. Our credit ratings directly affect our borrowing costs and access to funding. Credit ratings are also important to investors, clients or counterparties when we compete in certain markets and seek to engage in certain transactions, including over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. Rating agencies conduct ongoing reviews of our credit ratings based on a number of financial and nonfinancial factors, including our franchise, financial strength, performance and prospects, management, governance, risk management practices, capital adequacy, asset quality and operations, among other criteria, as well as factors beyond our control, such as regulatory developments, macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, changes in rating methodologies or U.S. sovereign debt ratings. Rating agencies could adjust our credit ratings at any time and there can be no assurance as to whether or when a downgrade could occur. A downgrade could widen our credit spread, negatively affect our access to credit markets, the related cost of funds, our businesses and certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where counterparty creditworthiness is critical. Downgrades of short-term credit ratings of our parent company or bank or broker-dealer subsidiaries, could reduce or eliminate access to short-term funding sources such as repo financing, and/or incur increased cost of funds and increased collateral requirements. Under the terms of certain OTC derivative contracts and other trading agreements, a credit rating downgrade could require us or our subsidiaries to post additional collateral or permit counterparties to terminate these contracts or agreements. While certain potential impacts are contractual and quantifiable, the full consequences of a credit rating downgrade are inherently uncertain and depend upon numerous dynamic, complex and inter-related factors and assumptions, including the relationship between long-term and short-term credit ratings and the behaviors of clients, investors and counterparties. Bank of America Corporation is a holding company, is dependent on its subsidiaries for liquidity and may be restricted from transferring funds from subsidiaries. Bank of America Corporation, as the parent company, is a separate and distinct legal entity from its bank and nonbank subsidiaries. We evaluate and manage liquidity on a legal entity basis. Legal entity liquidity is an important consideration as there are legal, regulatory, contractual and other limitations on our ability to utilize liquidity from one legal entity to satisfy the liquidity requirements of another, including the parent company, which could result in adverse liquidity events. The parent company depends on dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from our bank and nonbank subsidiaries to fund dividend payments on our common and preferred stock and to Bank of America 10 fund payments on our other obligations, including debt obligations. Any inability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds, pay dividends or make payments to the parent company may adversely affect our cash flow, liquidity and financial condition. Many subsidiaries, including bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments, or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to the parent company or other subsidiaries. Our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates, minimum regulatory capital and liquidity requirements and restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in bank or brokerage accounts to fund their businesses. Intercompany arrangements in connection with our resolution planning submissions could restrict the amount of subsidiary funding available to the parent company from our subsidiaries under certain adverse conditions. Additional restrictions on transactions with certain related parties, increased capital and liquidity requirements and additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit in bank or brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the amount of funds available to meet the obligations of the parent company and may require the parent company to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. Regulatory action that requires additional liquidity at our subsidiaries could impede access to funds we need to pay our obligations or pay dividends. In addition, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors. Bank of America Corporation s liquidity and financial condition, and the ability to pay dividends and obligations, could be adversely affected in the event of a resolution. Bank of America Corporation, our parent holding company, is required to submit a plan to the FDIC and Federal Reserve every two years describing its resolution strategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress or failure. Bank of America Corporation s preferred resolution strategy is a single point of entry strategy, whereby only the parent holding company would file for bankruptcy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Certain key operating subsidiaries would be provided with sufficient capital and liquidity to operate through severe stress and to enable such subsidiaries to continue operating or be wound down in a solvent manner following a bankruptcy of the parent holding company. Bank of America Corporation has entered into intercompany arrangements resulting in the contribution of most of its capital and liquidity to key subsidiaries. Pursuant to these arrangements, if Bank of America Corporation s liquidity resources deteriorate so severely that resolution becomes imminent, it will no longer be able to draw liquidity from its key subsidiaries and will be required to contribute its remaining financial assets to a wholly-owned holding company subsidiary. This could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, including the ability to meet our payment obligations, and our ability to pay dividends and/or repurchase our common stock. If the FDIC and Federal Reserve jointly determine that Bank of America Corporation s resolution plan is not credible, they could impose more stringent capital or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations. We could also be required to take certain actions that could impose operating costs and result in the divestiture of assets or restructuring of businesses and subsidiaries. When a G-SIB such as Bank of America Corporation is in default or danger of default, the FDIC may be appointed receiver to conduct an orderly liquidation, and could, among other things, invoke the orderly liquidation authority, instead of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, if the Secretary of the Treasury makes certain financial distress and systemic risk determinations. Also, the FDIC could replace Bank of America Corporation with a bridge holding company, which could continue operations and result in an orderly resolution of the underlying bank, but whose equity would be held solely for the benefit of our creditors. The FDIC s single point of entry strategy may result in our security holders suffering greater losses than would have been the case under a bankruptcy proceeding or a different resolution strategy. If the Corporation is resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or the FDIC s orderly liquidation authority, third-party creditors of our subsidiaries may receive significant or full recoveries on their claims, while security holders of Bank of America Corporation could face significant or complete losses. Credit Economic or market disruptions and insufficient credit loss reserves may result in a higher provision for credit losses. A number of our products expose us to credit risk, including loans, letters of credit, derivatives, debt securities, trading account assets and assets held-for-sale. Deterioration in the financial condition of our consumer and commercial borrowers, counterparties or underlying collateral could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our credit portfolios may be impacted by U.S. and global macroeconomic and market conditions and uncertainties, events and disruptions, including declines in GDP, consumer spending or property values, asset price corrections, increasing consumer and corporate leverage, increases in corporate bond spreads, government shutdowns or policies such as tax changes, changes in international trade policy including tariff rates, rising or elevated unemployment levels, elevated inflation or cost of living expenses, fluctuations in foreign exchange or interest rates, as well as the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, extreme weather events and natural disasters. Significant economic or market stresses and disruptions typically have a negative impact on the business environment and financial markets, which could impact the underlying credit quality of our borrowers and counterparties and asset values. Property value declines or asset price corrections could increase the risk of borrowers or counterparties defaulting or becoming delinquent in their obligations to us, and could decrease the value of the collateral we hold, which could increase credit losses. Credit risk could also be magnified by lending to leveraged borrowers or as a result of declining asset prices, including property or collateral values. Simultaneous drawdowns on lines of credit and/or an increase in a borrower s leverage in a weakening economic environment, or otherwise, could result in deterioration in our credit portfolio, should borrowers be unable to fulfill competing financial obligations. Increased delinquency and default rates could adversely affect our credit portfolios and increase charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. A recessionary environment and/or a rise in unemployment could adversely impact the ability of our consumer and/or commercial borrowers or counterparties to meet their financial obligations and negatively impact our credit portfolio. Consumers have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by inflation and/or a higher cost of living, potentially resulting in drawdowns of savings or increases in household debt. Elevated interest rates over the past several years, which have increased debt servicing costs for some businesses and households, may adversely impact credit quality, particularly in recessionary environments. Certain sectors also remain at risk 11 Bank of America (e.g., commercial real estate, particularly office) as a result of shifts in demand and tight financial and credit conditions. Globally, conditions of slow growth or recession could further contribute to weaker credit conditions. If the macroeconomic environment or certain sectors worsen, our credit portfolio, net charge-offs, provision and allowance for credit losses could be adversely impacted. We establish an allowance for credit losses, which includes the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments, based on management's best estimate of lifetime current expected credit losses (CECL) inherent in our relevant financial assets. The process to determine the allowance for credit losses uses models and assumptions that require us to make difficult and complex judgments that are often interrelated, including forecasting how borrowers or counterparties may perform in changing economic conditions. The ability of our borrowers or counterparties to repay their obligations may be impacted by changes in future economic conditions, which in turn could impact the accuracy of our loss forecasts and allowance estimates. There is also the possibility that we have failed or will fail to accurately identify the appropriate economic indicators or accurately estimate their impacts to our borrowers or counterparties, which could impact the accuracy of our loss forecasts and allowance estimates. If the models, estimates and assumptions we use to establish reserves or the judgments we make in extending credit to our borrowers or counterparties, which are more sensitive due to the current uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, prove inaccurate in predicting future events, we may suffer losses in excess of our CECL. In addition, changes to external factors can negatively impact our recognition of credit losses in our portfolios and allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is our best estimate of CECL, but there is no guarantee that it will be sufficient to address credit losses, particularly if the economic outlook deteriorates significantly, quickly or unexpectedly. As circumstances change, we may increase our allowance, which would reduce earnings. If economic conditions worsen, impacting our consumer and commercial borrowers, counterparties or underlying collateral, and credit losses are unexpectedly worse, we may increase our provision for credit losses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our concentrations of credit risk could adversely affect our credit losses, results of operations and financial condition. We have been in the past and may in the future be subject to concentrations of credit risk because of a common characteristic or common sensitivity to economic, financial, public health or business developments. Concentrations of credit risk may reside in a particular industry, geography, product, asset class, counterparty or within any pool of exposures with a common risk characteristic. A deterioration in the financial condition or prospects of a particular industry, geographic location, product or asset class, or a failure or downgrade of, or default by, any particular entity or group of entities could negatively affect our businesses, and it is possible our limits and credit monitoring exposure controls will not function as anticipated. We execute a high volume of transactions and have significant credit concentrations with respect to the financial services industry, predominantly comprised of broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, mutual funds, hedge funds, CCPs, alternative asset managers and other institutional clients or finance companies. Financial services institutions and other counterparties are inter-related because of trading, funding, clearing or other relationships. Defaults by one or more counterparties, or market uncertainty about the financial stability of one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to market-wide liquidity disruptions, losses, defaults and related disputes and litigation. Our credit risk may also be heightened by market risk when the collateral held by us cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivatives exposure, which may occur from events that impact the value of the collateral, such as a sudden change in asset price or fraud. Disputes with obligors as to the valuation of collateral could increase with significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and we could suffer losses if we are unable to realize the fair value of the collateral or manage declines in the value of collateral. Our counterparty credit risk can increase if margin posted by counterparties is insufficient to cover exposures and elevated counterparty exposure is accompanied by an increase in the counterparty s likelihood of default. We have concentrations of credit risk, including with respect to our consumer real estate and consumer credit card exposure, as well as our commercial real estate, finance companies and asset managers and funds portfolios, which represent a significant percentage of our overall credit portfolio. Declining home price valuations and demand where we have large concentrations could result in increased servicing advances and expenses, defaults, delinquencies or credit losses. The increasing frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, including earthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires and hurricanes, could negatively impact collateral, the valuations of home or commercial real estate or our clients ability and/or willingness to pay fees, outstanding loans or afford new products. This could also cause insurability risk and/or increased insurance costs to clients. Economic weaknesses, increased or sustained elevated inflation, adverse business conditions, market disruptions, adverse economic or market events, rising interest or capitalization rates, declining asset prices, greater volatility in areas where we have concentrated credit risk or deterioration in real estate values or household incomes may cause us to experience higher credit losses in our portfolios or write down the value of certain assets. We could also experience continued and long-term negative impacts to commercial credit exposure and increased credit losses in industries that may be permanently impacted by changes in consumer preferences, tariffs or other industry disruptions, including from emerging technologies. We also enter into transactions with sovereign nations, U.S. states and municipalities. Uncertain economic or political conditions or policies, such as economic sanctions or increased tariffs, disruptions to capital markets, currency fluctuations, changes in commodity prices and social instability, could adversely impact the operating budgets or credit ratings of government entities and expose us to credit and liquidity risk. Liquidity disruptions in the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of our positions, increasing concentrations, which could increase RWA and the credit and market risk associated with our positions, and increase operational and litigation costs. We may be adversely affected by weaknesses in the U.S. housing market. During 2025, the U.S. housing market continued to be impacted by elevated mortgage rates, including 30-year fixed-rate mortgages that more than doubled from 2021. In addition, while U.S. home prices have experienced meaningful appreciation over the past several years and remained generally stable in 2025, there has been some regional dispersion in Bank of America 12 housing prices since the beginning of 2025, which we have been closely monitoring. These trends have negatively impacted housing affordability generally, and therefore the demand for some of our products. A downturn in the U.S. housing market could result in significant write-downs of asset values in several asset classes, notably our held-for-investment residential mortgage and home equity portfolio. If the U.S. housing market weakens and real estate values decline, we could experience increased credit losses and delinquent servicing expenses, negatively affecting our allowance for credit losses and representations and warranties exposures, and adversely affecting our results of operations and financial condition. Our derivatives businesses may expose us to unexpected risks, which may result in losses and adversely affect liquidity. We are party to a large number of derivatives transactions that may expose us to unexpected market, credit and operational risks that could cause us to suffer unexpected losses. Fluctuations in asset values or rates or an unanticipated credit event, including unforeseen circumstances that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become correlated, may lead to losses resulting from risks not taken into account or anticipated in the development, structuring or pricing of a derivative instrument. Certain derivative contracts and other trading agreements provide that upon the occurrence of certain specified events, such as a change to our or our affiliates credit ratings, we may be required to provide additional collateral or take other remedial actions, and we could experience increased difficulty obtaining funding or hedging risks. In some cases our counterparties may have the right to terminate or otherwise diminish our rights under these contracts or agreements upon the occurrence of such events. We are also a member of various CCPs, which results in credit risk exposure to those CCPs. In the event that one or more members of a CCP defaults on their obligations, we may be required to pay a portion of any losses incurred by such CCP. A CCP may also, at its discretion, modify the margin we are required to post, which could mean unexpected and increased funding costs and exposure to that CCP. As a clearing member, we are exposed to the risk of non-performance by our clients for which we clear transactions, which may not be covered by available collateral. Also, default by a significant market participant may result in further risk and potential losses. Geopolitical We are subject to numerous political, economic, market, reputational, operational, compliance, legal, regulatory and other risks in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We do business globally, including in emerging markets. Economic or geopolitical stress in one or more countries could have a negative impact regionally or globally, resulting in, among other things, market volatility, valuation declines and declines in economic output. Our liquidity and credit risk could be adversely impacted by, and our businesses and revenues derived from non-U.S. jurisdictions are subject to, risk of loss from financial, social or judicial instability, economic sanctions, government leadership changes, including from electoral outcomes or otherwise, governmental or central bank policy changes, expropriation, nationalization and/or confiscation of assets, price controls, high inflation, weather events, natural disasters, widespread health emergencies or pandemics, capital controls, currency re-denomination risk from a country exiting the EU or otherwise, currency fluctuations, foreign exchange controls or movements (caused by devaluation or de-pegging), unfavorable political and diplomatic developments, oil price fluctuations and changes in legislation. These risks are heightened in emerging markets. Political and economic interactions between the U.S. and important trading partners, including China, but also more broadly across Asia, Europe, Latin America and North America, have become increasingly fragmented and complex and may result in sanctions, further tariff increases or other restrictive actions on cross-border trade, investment and transfer of data and information technology. Such actions, which may also include actions taken against other countries to enforce trade restrictions, could reduce trade volumes, result in supply chain disruptions, increase costs for producers, and adversely affect our businesses and revenues, as well as our clients and counterparties, including their credit quality. Slowing growth, recessionary conditions, adverse geopolitical conditions and political or civil unrest, foreign trade competition, employment levels, wage pressures and elevated inflation in certain countries may pose challenges, including from volatility in financial markets. Foreign exchange rates against the U.S. dollar remain uncertain and potentially volatile, and depreciation could increase our financial risks with clients that deal in non-U.S. currencies but have U.S. dollar-denominated debt. We invest or trade in the securities of corporations and governments located in non-U.S. jurisdictions, including emerging markets. Revenues from the trading of non-U.S. securities may be subject to negative fluctuations as a result of the above factors. Furthermore, the impact of these fluctuations could be magnified because non-U.S. trading markets, particularly in emerging markets, are generally smaller, less liquid and more volatile than U.S. trading markets. Risks in one nation can limit our opportunities for portfolio growth and negatively affect our operations in other nations, including our U.S. operations. Market and economic disruptions may affect consumer confidence levels and spending, corporate investment and job creation, bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer and corporate debt, economic growth rates and asset values, among other factors. Elevated government debt levels raise the risk of volatility, significant valuation changes and political tensions regarding fiscal policy or defaults on or devaluation of sovereign debt, all of which could expose us to substantial losses. Financial markets have been and may continue to be sensitive to government budget processes and changes to fiscal policy, as well as any resulting political turmoil. Our non-U.S. businesses are also subject to extensive regulation by governments, securities exchanges and regulators, central banks and other regulatory bodies. In many countries, the LRRs applicable to the financial services and securities industries are less predictable, prone to change and uncertainty, regularly evolving and may conflict with similar LRRs in the U.S. We spend significant resources on understanding and monitoring foreign LRRs, some with less predictable legal and regulatory frameworks, as well as managing our relationships with multiple regulators in various jurisdictions. Failure to comply with local laws and manage our relationships with regulators could result in increased expenses, changes to our organizational structure and adversely affect our businesses, reputation and results of operations in that market. We are also subject to complex and extensive U.S. and non-U.S. LRRs, which subject us to costs and risks relating to bribery and corruption, know-your-customer requirements, anti-money laundering, embargo programs and economic sanctions, which can vary or conflict across jurisdictions. These LRRs require implementation of complex operational capabilities and compliance programs. Claims regarding non-compliance, 13 Bank of America including improper implementation, and/or violations could result in increasing operational and compliance costs, enforcement actions and civil and criminal penalties against us and our employees, and result in operational restrictions and reputational harm. The increasing speed and novel ways in which funds circulate could make it more challenging to track such movement and heighten financial crimes risk. Compliance with evolving regulatory regimes and legal requirements depends on our ability to improve and/or evolve our processes, controls, surveillance, detection, reporting and analytics, and could be adversely impacted by operational failures. We are also subject to other geopolitical risks, including acts or threats of international or domestic terrorism, including responses by the U.S. or other governments thereto, corporate espionage, civil unrest and/or military conflicts, including the escalation of tensions between China and Taiwan, which could adversely affect business, market trade and general economic conditions abroad and in the U.S. Adverse developments in or expansions of existing military conflicts (e.g., Russia/Ukraine, Middle East) or new military conflicts could also negatively impact commodity and other financial markets, as well as economic conditions. Widening regional conflicts resulting in the involvement of neighboring countries and/or North Atlantic Treaty Organization member countries and/or military conflicts in other areas of the world could result in additional economic disruptions, financial market volatility, higher inflation and changes to asset valuations, which could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of operations. Also, the use of cyberattacks or campaigns, cyberespionage or other unauthorized access to networks and systems by nation states or their proxies, including utilizing emerging technologies such as AI, has increased and threatens our and our third parties operations and information systems, and the financial systems and infrastructure upon which we rely. The uncertainty around the U.S. government s debt levels and ceiling and a growing federal budget deficit could lead to further credit rating downgrades and/or defaults on its debt. The recurrence of a prolonged government shutdown could weaken the U.S. dollar, cause market volatility, negatively impact the global economy and banking system and adversely affect our financial condition, including our liquidity. Also, changes in fiscal, monetary, regulatory, trade and/or foreign policy, employment levels, wage pressures, supply chain disruptions and higher inflation, could increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business operations, organizational structure and results of operations. Emerging market currency values and monetary policy settings are particularly sensitive to such changes in U.S. monetary policy. Also, fluctuations in U.S. interest rates and/or tariff rates, could result in additional currency volatility in a number of non-U.S. markets. Business Operations A failure in or breach of our operations or information systems, or those of third parties or the financial services industry, could cause disruptions, adversely impact our businesses, results of operations and financial condition, and cause legal or reputational harm. Operational risk exposure exists throughout our organization, including risks arising from our operations and information systems, which comprise the hardware, software, infrastructure, backup systems and other technology that we own or use to collect, process, maintain, use, share, transmit or dispose of information, including personal and/or confidential employee, client and third-party information, which are integral to the performance of our businesses. Our extensive interactions with, and reliance on, third parties and the financial services industry, including the processing and reporting of a large number of complex transactions at increasing speeds in many currencies and jurisdictions, creates additional operational risk. Our operations and information systems and components thereof, and those of our third parties, have been, and in the future may be, ineffective or fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that may be wholly or partially beyond our or such third party s control. Such events have adversely affected, and in the future could adversely affect, physical site access of our operations, the safeguarding of information and our ability to process transactions, provide services to our clients and perform other operations, including reporting and decision-making. Short-term or prolonged disruptions to our or our third parties critical business operations and client services are possible, such as due to computer, telecommunications, network, utility, electronic or physical infrastructure outages, including from abuse or failure of our electronic trading and algorithmic platforms, significant unplanned increases in client transactions, fraudulent transactions, cyberattacks, extortion attempts, aging information systems, newly introduced or identified vulnerabilities or defects in hardware and software, failure of or defects in infrastructure or manual processes, technology project implementation challenges and deficiencies, including from the use of emerging technologies such as AI, and supply chain disruptions. Operational disruptions and prolonged operational outages could also result from events arising from natural disasters, including earthquakes and acute and chronic weather events, such as wildfires, tornadoes, hurricanes and floods, some of which are happening with more frequency and severity, as well as local or larger scale political or social matters, including civil unrest, terrorist acts and military conflict. We continue to have greater reliance on our and our third parties remote access tools and technology, and employees personal systems and increased data utilization and dependence upon our information systems to operate our businesses, including from evolving client preferences, which has led to increased reliance on digital banking and other digital services provided by our businesses. Effective management of our business continuity increasingly depends on the security, reliability and adequacy of such systems. We also rely on our employees, representatives and third parties in our day-to-day operations, who may, due to illness, unavailability, the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, human error, social engineering, misconduct (e.g., errors in judgment, malice, fraud or illegal activity), malfeasance or a failure, breach or misuse of information systems, cause disruptions to our organization and expose us to operational losses, regulatory risk and reputational harm. Our and our third parties inability to properly introduce, deploy and manage operational or technology changes and continuously alter, improve and automate processes and systems, including related controls, such as regarding internal financial and governance processes, existing products and services, and new product innovations and technology, could also result in additional operational, information security, reputational and regulatory risk, including from the use of AI. Regardless of the measures we have taken to implement training, procedures, controls, backup systems and other safeguards to support our operations and bolster our operational resilience, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by significant failures or disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact and rely upon. This includes localized or systemic cyber events or other technology Bank of America 14 incidents that result in outages or unavailability of information systems, part or all of the internet, cloud services and/or the financial services industry, networks, platforms, systems and infrastructure (e.g., funds transfers, electronic trading and algorithmic platforms and critical banking activities), which could be exacerbated by the interconnectivity and concentration of technology or service offerings in a small number of providers or models, including AI and cloud services, and result in systemic operational impact to us and across the financial services industry or beyond. Our ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards is more limited with respect to third-party systems and the financial services industry infrastructure. Weakness in and/or the inability to simplify and improve our and our third parties processes or controls could impact our ability to deliver products or services to our clients and expose us to regulatory, reputational and operational risks. We use, and expect to increasingly use, emerging technologies, including AI, across our operations, including business processes, services and products, and we expect greater AI adoption by our third parties, clients, counterparties, clearinghouses and financial intermediaries. Expanded use of AI, including emerging third party AI services and autonomous AI agents, may result in increased data risk, unpredictable system interactions, inadequate controls or safeguards, AI failure, or produce unintended operations or consequences. AI services used by our clients or third parties may interact with our systems or communicate directly with our employees, and may act without authorization, make execution errors, behave unpredictably or be misaligned with intended outcomes, which could result in additional operational, legal and regulatory risk, and reputational harm. There can be no assurance that our resiliency, business continuity, technology change and information security response plans will effectively mitigate our operational risks. Any backup systems or manual processes may not process data accurately and/or as quickly or effectively as our primary systems, and some data might not be available or backed up. Also, the speed at which we are able to remediate any failure or disruption of our operations and/or information systems may vary across jurisdictions. We regularly update the operational processes and information systems we rely on to support our operations and growth, including as part of our efforts to comply with all applicable LRRs globally. This updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new or modified operational processes and information systems and integrating them with existing information systems, including business interruptions, failures or ineffectiveness. Increasing reliance on our information systems and frequency of weather events and other natural disasters heighten our risk of operational loss. Any failure or disruption of our or our third parties operations or information systems resulting in disruption to our critical business operations and client services, a failure to identify or effectively respond to operational risks timely and/or a failure to continue to deliver our services through an operational failure or disruption could impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data and information, and expose us to various risks, including market abuse, fraud, financial losses and other costs, misappropriation and corruption, loss of trust or confidence in us and/or the financial services industry, client attrition, regulatory (e.g., LRR compliance), market, privacy and liquidity risk, adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition and cause legal, regulatory or reputational harm. The Corporation and third parties with whom we interact and/or on whom we rely, are subject to cybersecurity incidents, information and security breaches, and technology failures that have and in the future could adversely affect our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the alteration, unavailability, misuse, destruction or disclosure of information, damage our reputation, increase our regulatory and legal risks, result in additional costs or financial losses and/or otherwise adversely impact our businesses and results of operations. Our business is highly dependent on the security, controls and efficacy of our information systems, and the information systems of our clients and third parties (e.g., providers of products and services, law firms, other financial institutions, financial counterparties, financial data aggregators, the financial services industry, financial intermediaries (e.g., such as clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses), U.S. and non-U.S. federal and state governments and regulators, providers of outsourced software, services and infrastructure (e.g., internet access, cloud service providers and electrical power) and retailers for whom we process transactions) with whom we interact, on whom we rely or who have access to our clients information and other sensitive data. We rely on effective access management and the secure collection, processing, maintenance, use, transmission, storage, dissemination and disposition of information in our and our third parties information systems. Our cybersecurity risk and exposure remains heightened, including because of our prominent size and scale, high-profile brand, global presence and role in the financial services industry and the broader economy. We and our employees, regulators, clients and third parties are ongoing targets of an increasing number of cybersecurity threats and cyberattacks. The tactics, techniques and procedures used in cyberattacks are pervasive, sophisticated, rapidly evolving and designed to evade security measures. Cybersecurity threats, including computer viruses, malicious or destructive code (such as ransomware), social engineering, real and virtual impersonation, denial of service or information attacks and other security breach tactics targeting us or third parties have and in the future are likely to result in disruptions to our businesses and operations, loss of funds, including from attempts to defraud us and/or our clients, and impacts to the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our systems and information (e.g., intellectual property and the personal and/or confidential information of our employees, clients and third parties). Cyberattacks are carried out globally by a growing number of actors, including organized crime groups, hackers, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments and their proxies, state-sponsored actors, activists, disgruntled employees and other persons or entities. Our risk from cybersecurity threats and incidents, information and security breaches and technology failures continues to increase due to the acceptance and use of digital banking and other digital products and services, including mobile banking products, and reliance on remote access tools and other technology, which have resulted in increased reliance on virtual or digital interactions, a growing number of access points to our information systems and greater amounts of information being available for access. Greater demand on our information systems and security tools and processes are expected. Emerging technologies, such as AI and quantum computing, are expected to increase these risks. For example, AI lowers the entry barriers to plan and execute cyberattacks, enables more personalized and harder to detect social engineering, and improves vulnerability discovery, which may result in the increased likelihood of exploitation and the speed, scope, scale, and sophistication of cyberattacks. Advances in quantum computing may introduce cryptography risks that threaten the 15 Bank of America security of our information and systems and strengthen threat actor capabilities in ways that are difficult to anticipate. These technologies, alone or in combination with others, may amplify the risks they pose. We also face significant third-party technology, cybersecurity and operational risks relating to the large number of clients and third parties on whom we rely to operate our business. Third-party information systems extend beyond our security and control systems, and such third parties have varying levels of security and cybersecurity resources, expertise, safeguards, controls and capabilities and in some cases may be more vulnerable to cyberattacks. Threat actors may actively seek to exploit third-party security and cybersecurity weaknesses. The relationships of our third parties with us may increase the risk that they are targeted by the same threats we face, and such third parties may be less prepared for such threats. Also, we are at risk from critical third-party information security and open-source or proprietary software defects and vulnerabilities. We must rely on our third parties to detect and promptly report cybersecurity incidents, vulnerabilities and technology failures. Their failure could impair our ability to report or respond to such incidents, vulnerabilities and failures effectively or timely. Due to increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and technology and information systems, a cybersecurity threat or incident, information or security breach or technology failure that significantly exposes, degrades, destroys, renders unavailable or compromises the information systems or information of one or more financial entities or other third parties, including cloud service providers, could adversely impact us and increase the risk of operational failure and loss, as disparate information systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. Also, any similar events affecting our information systems or information could adversely impact third parties and the critical infrastructure of the financial services industry, creating additional risk to us. Cybersecurity incidents or information or security breaches could persist for an extended period of time prior to detection, and it often takes additional time to determine the scope, extent, amount and type of impact, including the information altered, destroyed, accessed or otherwise compromised, following which the measures to recover and restore to a business-as-usual state may be difficult to assess and require notification to our clients, government officials and regulators. We have spent and expect to continue to spend significant resources to modify and enhance our protective measures and our capabilities to respond and recover, investigate and remediate software and network defects and vulnerabilities, and defend against, detect and respond to cybersecurity threats and incidents, whether to us, third parties, the industry or businesses generally. Regardless of the efforts we take to protect the integrity and resilience of our information systems and implement controls, processes, policies, employee training and other protective measures, we cannot anticipate and detect all cybersecurity threats and incidents and/or develop or implement effective preventive or defensive measures designed to prevent, respond to or mitigate all cybersecurity threats and incidents. Internal access management or other technology failures could impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data and information. Our vulnerability increases if employees fail to exercise sound judgment and vigilance when targeted with social engineering or other cyberattacks. While we and our third parties have experienced cybersecurity incidents, information and security breaches and technology failures, as well as adverse impacts from such events, including as described in this risk factor, we have not experienced material losses or other material consequences relating to cybersecurity incidents, information or security breaches or technology failures, whether directed at us or our third parties. However, we expect to continue to experience such events and impacts ourself and at our third parties with increased frequency and severity due to the evolving threat environment. There can be no assurance that future cybersecurity incidents, information and security breaches and technology failures, including those experienced by our third parties, will not have a material adverse impact on us, including our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. Future cybersecurity incidents, information or security breaches or technology failures suffered by us or our third parties could result in disruption to our day-to-day business activities and an inability to effect transactions, execute trades, service our clients, safeguard information, manage our exposure to risk, expand our businesses, detect and prevent fraudulent or unauthorized transactions, and maintain information systems and telecommunication access, business operations, and client services, in the U.S. and/or globally. Also, we could experience the loss of clients and business opportunities, the withdrawal of client deposits, the misappropriation, alteration or destruction of our or our third parties intellectual property or confidential information, the unauthorized access to or temporary or permanent destruction, loss or theft of information (e.g., of our employees and clients), significant lost revenue, increased risk of fraudulent transactions, misappropriation of funds, losses and claims brought by third parties, violations of applicable privacy, cybersecurity and other LRRs, litigation exposure, economic sanctions, enforcement actions, government fines, penalties or intervention and other negative consequences. Although we maintain cyber insurance, there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur will be covered under such policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate. In the case of any cybersecurity incident, information or security breach or technology failure arising from third-party systems impacting us, any third-party indemnification may not be applicable or sufficient to address the impact of such cybersecurity incidents, information or security breaches or technology failures, including monetary losses. Any actual or perceived occurrence of the events described above could adversely impact our businesses, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, and cause reputational harm. Failure to satisfy our obligations as servicer for residential mortgage securitizations, loans owned by other entities and other related losses could adversely impact our reputation, servicing costs or results of operations. We service mortgage loans on behalf of third-party securitization vehicles and other investors. If a material breach of our obligations as servicer or master servicer is committed, we may be subject to termination if the breach is not cured timely following notice, which could cause us to lose servicing income. We may also have liability for any failure by us or a third party, as a servicer or master servicer to adhere to or perform the required servicing obligation in accordance with the terms of the servicing agreements that result in impairment or loss to the loans owner. If any such breach was found to have occurred, it may harm our reputation, increase our servicing costs or losses due to potential indemnification obligations, result in litigation or regulatory action or adversely impact our results of operations. Also, foreclosures may result in costs, litigation or losses due to irregularities in the underlying documentation, or if the validity of a foreclosure action is challenged by a borrower or overturned by a court because of errors or deficiencies in the foreclosure process. We may also incur costs or losses relating to delays or Bank of America 16 alleged deficiencies in processing documents necessary to comply with state law governing foreclosure. Changes in the structure of and relationship among the GSEs could adversely impact our business. We rely on the GSEs to guarantee or purchase certain mortgage loans that meet their conforming loan requirements. During 2025, we sold approximately $2.3 billion of loans to GSEs, primarily Freddie Mac (FHLMC). FHLMC and Fannie Mae are currently in conservatorship, with the Federal Housing Finance Agency acting as conservator. While there have been periodic proposals to remove or exit the GSEs from conservatorship and eliminate the perceived implicit guarantee associated with the GSEs, none have yet to be executed successfully. We cannot predict the future prospects of the GSEs, including the timing of any recapitalization or release from conservatorship, or any legislative or rulemaking proposals regarding the GSEs status in the housing market. If the GSEs take a reduced role in the marketplace, including by limiting the mortgage products they offer, we could be required to seek alternative funding sources, retain additional loans on our balance sheet, secure funding through the Federal Home Loan Bank system, or securitize the loans through Private Label Securitization, which could increase our cost of funds related to the origination of new mortgage loans, increase credit risk and/or impact our capacity to originate new mortgage loans. These developments could adversely affect our securities portfolios, capital levels, liquidity and results of operations. Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and reducing the potential for losses. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize our risk and loss. We seek to effectively and consistently identify, measure, monitor, report and control the risk types to which we are subject, including the seven key risk types we face. Risks also may span across multiple key risk types, including cybersecurity risk, legal risk, financial risk associated with concentration and climate risk. While we employ a broad and diversified set of controls and risk mitigation techniques, including modeling and forecasting, hedging strategies and techniques seeking to balance our ability to profit from trading positions with our exposure to potential losses, we are inherently limited by our ability to identify and measure all risks, including emerging and unknown risks, anticipate the timing and impact of risks, apply effective hedging strategies, make correct assumptions, manage and aggregate data correctly and efficiently, identify changes in markets or client behaviors not historically reflected and develop risk management models and forecasts to assess and control risk. Our risk management depends on our ability to consistently execute all elements of our risk management program, develop and maintain a culture of managing risk well throughout the Corporation and manage third-party risks, including providers of products and services, to allow for effective risk management and help confirm that risks are appropriately considered, evaluated and responded to timely. Uncertain economic and geopolitical conditions, widespread health emergencies and pandemics, heightened legislative and regulatory scrutiny of and change within the financial services industry, the pace of technological changes, including AI and quantum computing, accounting, tax and market developments, the failure of employees, representatives and third parties to comply with our policies and Risk Framework and the overall complexity of our operations, among other developments, have in the past and may in the future, result in a heightened level of risk, including operational, reputational and compliance risk. Failure to manage evolving risks or properly anticipate, escalate, control or mitigate risks could result in further legal and regulatory risk and losses and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Regulatory, Compliance and Legal We are highly regulated and subject to evolving government legislation and regulations and certain settlements, orders and agreements with government authorities from time to time. We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to evolving and comprehensive federal, state and foreign LRRs and Executive Branch Actions. This significantly affects and has the potential to increase our compliance and operational costs, restrict the scope of our existing businesses, impact potential relationships with our clients, require changes to our employment practices, business strategies, risk management, governance processes and controls and procedures, require us to hold more capital, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, including the products and services we offer, reduce certain fees and rates and/or make our products and services more expensive for our clients. We are also required to file various financial and nonfinancial regulatory reports to comply with LRRs in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which results in additional compliance and operational risk. We continue to adjust our business and operations, legal entity structure, systems, disclosure, policies, procedures, processes, controls and governance, including with regard to capital and liquidity management, risk management and data management, in an effort to comply with LRRs, and evolving expectations, guidance and interpretation by regulatory authorities, including the Department of Treasury (e.g., the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and OFAC), Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, Federal Reserve, OCC, CFPB, Financial Stability Oversight Council, FDIC, Department of Labor, SEC and CFTC in the U.S., foreign regulators, other government authorities and self-regulatory organizations. We expect to become subject to future LRRs, including beyond those currently proposed, adopted or contemplated in the U.S. or abroad, and evolving interpretations of existing and future LRRs, and may be subject to Executive Branch Actions, which may include FDIC assessments, loss allocations between financial institutions and clients regarding the use of our products and services, including electronic payments, employment practices, fair access to banking products and services, the terms of our products and services and climate and environmental risk management and sustainability reporting and disclosure. LRRs related to emerging technologies, such as AI, cybersecurity and data management, are also rapidly evolving across jurisdictions and could require changes related to deployments and operational processes and increase compliance costs and regulatory, compliance and legal risks. The cumulative effect of all of the current and possible future legislation and regulations, as well as related interpretations, on our litigation and regulatory exposure, businesses, operations, including our ability to compete, and profitability remains uncertain and necessitates that we make certain assumptions with respect to the scope and requirements of existing, prospective and proposed LRRs in our business planning and strategies. If these assumptions prove incorrect, we could be subject to increased regulatory, legal and compliance risks and costs, and potential reputational harm. Also, regulatory initiatives in the U.S. and abroad may overlap, and non-U.S. regulations and initiatives may be inconsistent or conflict with current or proposed U.S. regulations or with each other, which could lead to compliance risks and higher costs. Our regulators prudential and supervisory authority gives them broad power and discretion to direct our actions, and they 17 Bank of America have an active oversight, inspection and investigatory role across the financial services industry. Regulatory focus is not limited to LRRs applicable to the financial services industry, but includes other significant LRRs that apply across industries and jurisdictions, including those related to anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption know-your-customer requirements, embargoes and economic sanctions. We are also subject to existing and potential LRRs in the U.S. and abroad, including the CCPA and GDPR, regarding privacy and the disclosure, collection, use, sharing and safeguarding of personally identifiable information, including our employees, clients, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties. Violations could result in litigation, regulatory fines, enforcement actions and operational loss. Expected new and evolving data privacy laws globally may increase compliance costs, litigation, regulatory fines and enforcement actions. There remains complex