=== ADBE_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
adbe-20260227 DEF 14A 0000796343 false iso4217:USD 0000796343 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 2023-12-02 2024-11-29 0000796343 2022-12-03 2023-12-01 0000796343 2021-12-04 2022-12-02 0000796343 2020-11-28 2021-12-03 0000796343 adbe:ValueOfStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearAsReportedInSummaryCompensationTableMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 adbe:ValueOfStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearAsReportedInSummaryCompensationTableMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 adbe:YearEndFairValueOfOutstandingAndUnvestedStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 adbe:YearEndFairValueOfOutstandingAndUnvestedStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 adbe:ChangeInFairValueOfOutstandingAndUnvestedStockAwardsGrantedInPriorFiscalYearsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 adbe:ChangeInFairValueOfOutstandingAndUnvestedStockAwardsGrantedInPriorFiscalYearsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 adbe:VestingDateFairValueOfEquityAwardsGrantedAndVestedInFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 adbe:VestingDateFairValueOfEquityAwardsGrantedAndVestedInFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 adbe:ChangeInFairValueOfStockAwardsGrantedInPriorFiscalYearsWhichVestedInFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 adbe:ChangeInFairValueOfStockAwardsGrantedInPriorFiscalYearsWhichVestedInFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 1 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 2 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 3 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 0000796343 4 2024-11-30 2025-11-28 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. _) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) x Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Adobe Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): x No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Wednesday, April 15, 2026 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ADBE2026 To our stockholders, customers, employees, and partners, As a global technology leader, Adobe s mission is to empower everyone to create. We build innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. For over four decades, our innovations have transformed how billions of people around the world engage across all types of media, starting with the first creative spark, to the creation and development of all content and media to the personalized delivery across every channel. Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) is driving a massive transformation across every facet of digital experience, reshaping how people create, connect, work and are entertained. Adobe is a leader in this transformation. We are executing on our customer-focused strategy to anticipate and serve the needs of large and expanding audiences: Business Professionals Consumers, Creators Creative Professionals, and Marketing Professionals as they navigate this exciting new era. A TRANSFORMATIVE 2025 While technology transformations can be disruptive, Adobe has a proven track record of reinventing ourselves, consistently demonstrating our ability to emerge stronger. AI represents a profound platform shift for the technology industry and a redefinition of how software creates value. At Adobe, we see this moment as an extension of our long-standing strategy to innovate at the intersection of creativity and technology. Our differentiated foundation decades of proprietary data, world-class applications, purpose-built models, trusted partnerships, and deep enterprise relationships positions us to lead. By combining intelligence at the application layer with orchestration, governance, and decisioning across workflows, we are embedding AI into the systems our customers depend on to create, communicate, and drive growth. While generative AI has accelerated content creation, the next wave agentic AI will enable outcome-driven workflows across the enterprise. Customers require more than speed; they require precision, brand governance, and seamless integration. Adobe s end-to-end platforms are uniquely designed to meet these needs at scale. We have infused AI across our portfolio to deliver incredible innovation with deep customer understanding. As a result, we are expanding access to creativity, increasing customer productivity, strengthening engagement, and reinforcing our long-term growth strategy. We believe AI will serve as a catalyst for sustained innovation and value creation for our customers, partners, and stockholders. During fiscal 2025, we focused on delivering innovative, AI-driven platforms and tools to our three key customer audiences. We achieved record revenue of $23.77 billion, representing 11% year-over-year growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share for the year was $16.70, growing 35% year over year. Our Digital Media business achieved revenue of $17.65 billion, growing 11% year over year. Our Digital Experience business achieved revenue of $5.86 billion, growing 9% year over year. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $5.41 billion, growing 11% year over year. We executed record share repurchases totaling nearly $12 billion, reducing our shares outstanding by over 6% during the year, underscoring our confidence in the company's long-term opportunity and continued commitment to delivering stockholder value. The key performance metric we use to evaluate the health of our total book of business and progress against our customer-focused strategy is Total Adobe Annualized Recurring Revenue ( ARR ), which grew to $25.20 billion exiting fiscal 2025. As we execute our long-term growth initiatives and customer-focused strategy, we aim to drive the entire book of business with AI-influenced solutions. 2026 Letter to Stockholders Exiting fiscal 2025, total AI-influenced ARR exceeded one-third of our overall book of business, demonstrating our success in integrating AI deeply into our solutions and continuing to launch new AI-first offerings. AI Leadership Adobe has always led through times of change to better serve our customers, expand into new markets and deliver the best of Adobe to our stakeholders. Adobe s AI leadership builds on our expertise across core creative categories like imaging, design, illustration and video as well as digital documents and digital experiences. We re innovating and building partnerships across all four layers of the AI technology stack spanning data, models, agents and interfaces. We re establishing ourselves within leading AI ecosystems through partnerships and integrations across AWS, Google Gemini, HUMAIN, Microsoft Azure, NVIDIA, OpenAI and others, offering unprecedented access, choice and flexibility to customers. We re addressing customers needs for a holistic approach to productivity, creativity and marketing by integrating AI natively across our leading applications, embedding purpose-built agents across our portfolio, providing an unprecedented choice of models and harnessing our highly differentiated data assets, to deliver comprehensive and easy-to-use solutions. Adobe is advancing the responsible use of technology to build trust with our customers and communities. Our AI ethics principles are designed to ensure that our innovations are developed and deployed responsibly. We are combating misinformation and promoting transparency in digital content through the Content Authenticity Initiative which has grown to over 5,500 members, including major players in software, hardware, media, NGOs, and education sectors. STRATEGIC PRIORITIES The creative opportunity is expanding across audiences with AI as an accelerant. It is opening the content floodgates, tapping into everyone's imagination and significantly expanding the number of creative assets being created, edited, integrated and delivered. As creativity and digital experiences become more integral to how people communicate, work, and engage, we recognize the importance of tailoring our solutions to address the unique needs of three customer audiences. Embracing this customer-centric strategy, we are driving innovation to deliver more personalized, impactful solutions that align with our customers specific goals, and simplifying our offerings to ensure that every customer can unlock their full creative potential in the era of AI-powered digital transformation. Business Professionals Consumers Business professionals and consumers are navigating a world inundated with data and information, seeking tools to uncover insights, streamline workflows and collaborate and communicate more effectively. Adobe is empowering them to stand out through creativity and productivity with AI-driven quick and easy applications. We re enabling them to comprehend, collaborate and create seamlessly through the power of conversational experiences and generative designs. Adobe Acrobat Studio and Adobe Express provide billions of users with the ability to be more productive and create standout content that helps promote their ideas, passions and business objectives. Acrobat Studio is revolutionizing document productivity by bringing together AI, collaboration and creation in a unified offering. With the conversational capabilities of Acrobat AI Assistant, users can summarize, extract insights, and create compelling documents with ease. Adobe Express, our quick and easy all-in-one creativity app, has become a cornerstone for business professionals, consumers, and small businesses. With features like Firefly-powered generative AI, brand controls, and seamless integration with Acrobat, Express enables users to create standout content across formats and platforms. New AI Assistant (beta) in Adobe Express unlocks creativity for all by combining conversational creation and editing, contextual understanding of design elements and easy-to-use tools so everyone can move from concept to content in minutes. The integration of Express features into Acrobat allows users to enhance PDFs with AI-generated visuals, infographics, and animations, transforming documents into dynamic storytelling tools. Creators Creative Professionals Creators and creative professionals are at the heart of Adobe s mission. As demand for content accelerates, we are focused on making creativity more accessible, intelligent, and impactful. We re delivering AI-driven power and precision so creators of all skill levels can easily bring their creative visions to life across any media type and surface. Adobe Creative Cloud continues to empower creators as they aspire to tell richer stories more efficiently with higher quality and more engaging content. Adobe Firefly is the go-to destination for creators workflows, supporting their end-to-end, ideation-to-creation process. We expanded Firefly to become the only app with our own commercially safe models and over 25 leading partner models, including Google, OpenAI, Black Forest Labs, Luma, Runway, Topaz Labs and ElevenLabs, offering customers unparalleled choice and flexibility to use the best model for their needs. Firefly s integration across Creative Cloud applications like Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere, and After Effects has transformed workflows, enabling creators to ideate, produce, and monetize content faster than ever before. We continue to advance automated content production with Firefly Services that include video resizing, video reframing, image composition, image harmonization, digital-twin generation and more. We also launched Adobe Firefly Foundry, which provides businesses with private, deeply-tuned AI models across image, video, audio, vector and 3D securely trained on their proprietary, branded content. Interest in Firefly Foundry has been strong from enterprise 2026 Letter to Stockholders marketing teams and media and entertainment companies, where there is increasing desire to produce content faster and more cost-effectively. Marketing Professionals Marketing professionals face unprecedented pressure to create compelling content across channels, optimize campaigns, and deliver personalized experiences at scale. Adobe is empowering Marketing Professionals with AI-driven Customer Experience Orchestration to create, deliver and optimize personalized digital experiences. Now marketers can deliver on their customers expectations for conversational experiences and optimize engagement around generative search to grow lifetime value and sustain business growth. Adobe is a leader in the agentic AI era with comprehensive solutions spanning brand visibility, content supply chain, and customer engagement. Our solutions are powered by the Adobe AI platform, purpose built for brand, content, and customer intelligence workflows. Adobe Experience Platform continues to be the foundation for digital customer engagement, bringing together data, content, and journeys through new AI-powered apps and agents to deliver exceptional experiences. Brand visibility is critical to success in the new agentic web, and Adobe solves customer needs through solutions like Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe Analytics and the newly available Adobe LLM Optimizer. Adobe Brand Concierge is an AI-first application enabling businesses to configure and manage AI agents that guide consumers from exploration to purchase decisions, using immersive and conversational experiences. By uniting data, content and agentic AI in a single experience, Brand Concierge gives businesses ownership of the critical discovery and consideration phase. Adobe GenStudio integrates creativity, marketing, and AI to tackle inefficiencies in the content supply chain. GenStudio empowers enterprises to plan, create, manage, activate, and measure content in one intelligent workspace, enabling personalization to the individual at global scale. It gives enterprises the ability to connect, activate, and measure all of their content in one intelligent workspace. VALUES-DRIVEN PURPOSE Adobe s commitment to people, purpose, and community have been at the heart of our approach to every technology shift and guides how we lead the next chapter. Our values Create the Future, Own the Outcome, Raise the Bar, and Be Genuine steer our innovation, customer and partner engagement, and community impact. We remain deeply committed to fostering an environment where great talent is inspired to do their best work an inclusive, values-driven culture supported by meaningful investment in learning, growth, and AI readiness. Adobe for All continues to be a powerful expression of who we are, reinforcing a workplace where every employee feels included, supported, and empowered to make a difference. Adobe is well positioned to unlock opportunities for people of all ages, backgrounds and skill levels to share their stories, build great careers and make an impact. We believe that when people have the tools, training, and platform to express themselves creatively, communities flourish, careers transform and innovation accelerates. This focus on Creativity for All begins with our people. Around the globe, our teams bring Creativity for All to life through our purpose programs, including the Adobe Digital Academy, Adobe for Nonprofits, and the Adobe Film TV Fund, which use Adobe tools, employees and resources to create opportunity. Our commitment to digital literacy and creativity in education is reaching over 40 million K-12 students globally, preparing the next generation to succeed in the digital age. Together, these efforts reflect our belief that creativity thrives when people do, and they strengthen the foundation that drives innovation and long-term success for our employees, customers, and stockholders. Through community programs such as the Adobe Community Fund, our annual employee-driven grantmaking initiative, we invest millions in nonprofits addressing critical local needs in the cities where we live and work. We are advancing environmental sustainability and remain committed to 100% renewable electricity for our sites and net zero by 2050. We re proud to continue to be recognized for our exceptional culture and industry leadership including being named to Fortune s World's Best Workplaces , Forbes World's Best Employers , Interbrand s Best Global Brands, and The Wall Street Journal s Best-Managed Companies. LOOKING AHEAD As we look to 2026 and beyond, I m confident that our customer-focused growth strategy, strategic priorities, talented employee base and global brand will deliver both continued growth and impact. Thank you for your continued partnership and support. Sincerely, Shantanu Narayen Chair CEO Adobe Inc. Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date Time: Wednesday, April 15, 2026 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time Location: Virtual www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ADBE2026 Record Date: Close of business on February 17, 2026 A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting will be available for review during our regular business hours at our principal executive offices at 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110 for the ten days prior to the meeting for any purpose related to the meeting. Items of Business Board Recommendation 1. Elect eleven members of our Board of Directors (the Board ) named herein to serve for a one-year term. FOR EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE 2. Approve the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, to increase the available share reserve by 12 million shares. FOR 3. Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending on November 27, 2026. FOR 4. Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers. FOR 5-8. Vote on four stockholder proposals, if properly presented at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ). AGAINST These items of business are more fully described in the Proxy Statement accompanying this Notice. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on February 17, 2026 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the 2026 Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. You may attend the 2026 Annual Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ ADBE2026 . There is no physical location for the 2026 Annual Meeting. For more information about the 2026 Annual Meeting, please see page 107 of the proxy. Your vote is important. Please vote as soon as possible. You may vote your shares using the methods below. Vote in Advance of the Meeting Vote Online During the Meeting : Go to proxyvote.com and enter the 16-digit control number found in your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ) or proxy card. See Information about the Meeting, Voting and Proxies Participating in Our Virtual Annual Meeting on page 108 for more information. ( Call toll-free 1-800-690-6903 . + Sign, date and return the proxy card or voting instruction form you receive by mail. By order of the Board of Directors, February 27, 2026 San Jose, California Louise Pentland Chief Legal Officer and Executive Vice President, Legal and Government Relations and Corporate Secretary Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical information, this proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including statements related to our product development plans and new or enhanced offerings; our business, strategy, artificial intelligence ( AI ) and innovation momentum; our vision, market and AI opportunity and future growth; market and AI trends; strategic investments; customer success and groups; industry positioning; our AI book of business; and our sustainability commitments. In addition, when used in this proxy statement, the words will, expects, could, would, may, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, targets, estimates, looks for, looks to, continues and similar expressions, as well as statements regarding our focus for the future, are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Each of the forward-looking statements we make in this proxy statement involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions based on information available to us as of the date of this proxy statement. Such risks and uncertainties, many of which relate to matters beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Adobe s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking financial information set forth in this report, which reflects estimates based on information available as of the date of this proxy statement. Adobe assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update these forward-looking statements. No Incorporation By Reference This proxy statement includes website addresses and references to additional materials and reports found on those websites. These websites, materials and reports are not incorporated by reference herein. Table of Contents Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary 1 About Adobe 2 Fiscal Year 202 5 Financial Highlights 2 Director Nominees 3 Corporate Governance Highlights 4 Stockholder Engagement 4 Executive Compensation Highlights 5 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Framework 8 Board Responsibilities and Structure 8 The Board s Role in Risk Oversight 8 Board Leadership Structure 9 Committees of the Board 11 Board Meetings and Attendance 14 Director Commit ments 14 Director Independence 15 Certain Relationships and Related Persons Transactions 15 Corporate Governance Guidelines Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics 16 Board Evaluation 16 Communications with the Board 17 Our Directors 18 Attributes of Director Nominees 19 Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees 20 Director Nominees 21 Director Compensation for Fiscal Year 202 5 27 Executive Compensation 30 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 31 Highlights of Executive Compensation Programs 31 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 36 Fiscal Year 202 5 Compensation Programs Design 36 Fiscal Year 202 5 Compensation Decisions and Results 43 Other Benefits, Programs and Policies 49 Compensation-Setting Governance and Process 53 Compensation Risk Assessment 55 Accounting and Tax Considerations 56 Report of the Executive Compensation Committee 58 Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Years 202 5 , 202 4 and 202 3 59 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 202 5 60 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year 202 5 End 63 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 202 5 64 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in Fiscal Year 202 5 65 Change of Control and Severance 65 CEO Pay Ratio 69 Pay Versus Performance 70 Equity Compensation Plan Information 74 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 75 Management Proposals 77 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 78 Proposal 2 Approval of the Adobe Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 79 Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 88 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 89 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy 89 Report of the Audit Committee 90 Proposal 4 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 91 Stockholder Proposals 93 Stockholder Proposals 94 Proposal 5 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Vote on Golden Parachutes 96 Proposal 6 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Board Matrix 100 Proposal 7 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Report on Civil Liberties in Digital Services 102 Proposal 8 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Retirement Plan Climate Risk 104 Information about the Meeting, Voting and Proxies 107 Date, Time and Place of Meeting 108 Quorum for the 202 6 Annual Meeting 108 Proxy Materials are Available on the Internet 108 Participating in Our Virtual Annual Meeting 108 Voting 109 Reporting of Voting Results 111 Householding of Proxy Materials 111 Annual Report 111 Proxy Solicitation Costs 111 Stockholder Proposals and Nominations for the Next Annual Meeting 112 Annex A Non-GAAP Measures A- 1 Annex B 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended B-1 Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary About Adobe 2 Fiscal Year 202 5 Financial Highlights 2 Director Nominees 3 Corporate Governance Highlights 4 Stockholder Engagement 4 Executive Compensation Highlights 5 The proxy materials, which include this proxy statement, proxy card, Notice of Internet Availability and our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, are being distributed and made available on or about February 27, 2026. This proxy statement contains important information for you to consider when deciding how to vote on the matters brought before the 2026 Annual Meeting. In this proxy statement, the terms Adobe, we, our, and Company refer to Adobe Inc. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider. Please read this entire proxy statement carefully before voting. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents About Adobe Empowering Everyone to Create Adobe s mission is to empower everyone to create. We build innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. For over four decades, our innovations have transformed how people everywhere engage across all types of media. Adobe s solutions are the foundation of digital experiences, starting with the first creative spark, to the creation and development of all content and media, to the personalized delivery across every channel. Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Highlights Total Revenue ($B) 11% year-over-year growth Digital Media Revenue ($B) (1) 11% ye ar-over-year growth Digital Experience Revenue ($B) (1) 9% year-over-year growth Business Professionals Consumers Subscription Revenue ($B) (2) 15% year-over-year growth Creative Marketing Professionals Subscription Revenue ($B) (2) 11% year-over-year growth GAAP Operating Income Non-GAAP Operating Income (3) Operating Cash Flows $8.71B $10.99B $10.03B GAAP Diluted EPS Non-GAAP Diluted EPS (3) Shares Repurchased $16.70 $20.94 30.8M ________________________ (1) Digital Media serves the productivity and creativity needs of business professionals, consumers, creators and creative professionals and includes our Adobe Acrobat offerings, Adobe Express and our Creative Cloud subscriptions and flagship apps. Digital Experience serves the end-to-end content supply chain needs of marketing professional and includes Adobe Experience Platform and native applications and solutions within Adobe GenStudio. (2) Business Professionals Consumers customer group consists of Adobe Acrobat offerings and Adobe Express, within Digital Media. Creative Marketing Professionals customer group consists of Digital Experience offerings and Creative Cloud flagship apps within Digital Media. (3) See Annex A for a reconciliation of measures reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) to non-GAAP measures, as well as other information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures. 2 Table of Contents Director Nominees The following tables set forth the name, occupation, age, tenure, independence, committee assignments and attributes (as of February 27, 2026) for each of our eleven director nominees at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Each director is elected annually by our stockholders. See the section titled Our Directors for more information. COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS (1) Name Occupation Age Director Since Independent Audit Executive Compensation Governance and Sustainability Cristiano Amon DIRECTOR President and CEO, Qualcomm 55 Oct 2023 Yes M Amy Banse DIRECTOR Partner, Mosaic General Partnership 66 May 2012 Yes C M Melanie Boulden DIRECTOR Former EVP and Chief Growth Officer, Tyson Foods 53 Oct 2020 Yes M Frank Calderoni LEAD DIRECTOR Former CEO, Velocity Global 68 May 2012 Yes C Laura Desmond DIRECTOR CEO, Smartly.io 60 May 2012 Yes M Shantanu Narayen CHAIR Chair of the Board and CEO, Adobe 62 Dec 2007 No Spencer Neumann DIRECTOR CFO, Netflix 56 Jan 2022 Yes M Kathleen Oberg DIRECTOR CFO and EVP, Development, Marriott International (2) 65 Jan 2019 Yes C M Dheeraj Pandey DIRECTOR Chair and CEO, DevRev 50 Jan 2019 Yes M David Ricks DIRECTOR Chair, President and CEO, Eli Lilly and Company 58 Apr 2018 Yes M Daniel Rosensweig DIRECTOR President, CEO, and Co-Chair, Chegg 64 Jan 2009 Yes M C Chair M Member ________________________ (1) If our eleven director nominees are elected by stockholders, the committee composition immediately following the 2026 Annual Meeting will be unchanged. (2) Ms. Oberg will retire from Marriott International, effective March 31, 2026. Attributes of Our Eleven Director Nominees Average Age 59 years Average Tenure 10.1 years Independent 91% 11 directors Executive Leadership 8 directors AI Experience 11 directors Global Leadership 11 directors Finance or Accounting 11 directors Business Development Strategy 4 directors Legal or Regulatory 9 directors Sales, Marketing Brand Management 9 directors Public Company Board Service / Governance 3 directors Technologist 7 directors Demographic Background (1) 11 directors Operations ________________________ (1) Represents characteristics such as race/ethnicity (4 directors) and/or gender (4 directors). Proxy Summary | 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Highlights Adobe is committed to excellence in corporate governance. We maintain numerous policies and practices that demonstrate our commitment, including those summarized below. See the section titled Corporate Governance for more information. Strong Board independence (10 of 11 director nominees are independent) Independent lead director and all committee members are independent Majority vote standard plus resignation policy for uncontested director elections All directors stand for election annually Single class of stock with equal voting rights Bylaws provide for proxy access for stockholders Stockholder right to call a special meeting Above-market stock ownership requirements for executive officers and directors Simple majority vote standard for charter/bylaw amendments All current Audit Committee members are audit committee financial experts under SEC rules Any independent director may call for a meeting in executive session Regular Board and committee evaluations facilitated by an independent third party No Director may serve on more than four public company boards (including the Board) without first obtaining specific approval from the Board Prohibition on transactions involving pledging, hedging or short sales of Adobe equity Our management team also provides regular updates to the Board and its committees on topics including those related to risk management, cybersecurity, regulatory updates and various environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) matters including climate actions, AI ethics and responsible innovation, and ESG disclosures and performance objectives. For additional information relating to our practices, including those related to corporate responsibility, ethics, security and AI, visit adobe.com/investor-relations/governance.html . Stockholder Engagement Adobe has a history of actively engaging with our stockholders and regularly assessing our corporate governance, executive and director compensation, and sustainability practices. Our Investor Relations, Corporate Legal and Corporate Social Responsibility teams meet with investors, prospective investors and investment analysts. Meetings can include participation by our management team and, at times, our Lead Director and other members of our Board. Our heads of Investor Relations and Corporate Legal regularly communicate topics discussed and stockholder feedback to senior management and the Board for consideration in their decision-making. In fiscal year 2025, we have sought one-on-one meetings with stockholders that collectively held approximately 50% of our outstanding shares, and held meetings with investors representing over 35% of our outstanding shares. During our fall outreach in fiscal year 2025, the Chair of the Executive Compensation Committee attended all meetings, together with representatives from our management team including the Chief Legal Officer and heads of our Investor Relations, Corporate Legal and Compensation teams, with our stockholders to discuss our compensation programs and the results of the 2025 Annual Meeting, understand stockholder perspectives and share those perspectives with the Executive Compensation Committee, the Governance and Sustainability Committee and the full Board. Topics that we discussed with stockholders include: Business strategy Financial performance Human capital and talent Board composition and governance Executive compensation and severance pay Board oversight of ESG matters The Content Authenticity Initiative and AI ethics principles of accountability, responsible innovation and transparency Sustainability 4 Table of Contents Executive Compensation Highlights Say-On-Pay Results At our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders ( 2025 Annual Meeting ), approximately 80% of the votes cast approved, on an advisory basis, the fiscal year 2024 compensation for our named executive officers ( NEOs ). Compensation Practices What we do What we don t do Our NEOs total compensation is designed to pay for performance and is comprised of elements that address both short-term and long-term financial performance, with appropriate caps on maximum amounts payable. Our Insider Trading Policy, which applies to all employees, officers and directors, prohibits transactions involving pledging, hedging or short sales of Adobe equity. Our Executive Compensation Committee engages its own independent compensation consultant to advise on executive and non-employee director compensation matters. We do not provide golden parachute excise tax gross-up payments. Our Executive Compensation Committee reviews the composition of our compensation peer group annually and makes adjustments to that composition, if deemed appropriate. We do not provide defined benefit pension plans, supplemental executive retirement plans or retiree health benefits for our executive officers. We conduct an annual advisory vote on the compensation of our NEOs. Our equity plans do not include an evergreen feature that would automatically replenish the shares available for issuance. Our Executive Compensation Committee is comprised 100% of independent directors and non-employee directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). We do not pay dividends on stock options, stock appreciation rights or unvested stock awards. We have clawback policies for performance-based incentive compensation and time-based equity compensation of our executive officers. Our Executive Officer Cash Severance Policy limits new cash severance arrangements that exceed 2.99 times an executive officer s base salary plus target annual bonus (or amendments to any existing severance arrangements to increase cash severance benefits to exceed such threshold) without seeking stockholder ratification. We have above-market stock ownership requirements for our directors and officers at the senior vice president level and above. Proxy Summary | 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents CEO and All Other NEOs Target Pay Mix for Fiscal Year 2025 (1)(2) ________________________ (1) The amounts shown for all other NEOs represent their average target pay mix. See the section titled Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis for more information. (2) The target pay mix for All Other NEOs excludes Ms. Pentland, who joined Adobe in May 2025 and received a new hire equity award of RSUs for fiscal year 2025. 6 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Framework 8 Board Responsibilities and Structure 8 The Board s Role in Risk Oversight 8 Board Leadership Structure 9 Committees of the Board 11 Board Meetings and Attendance 14 D irector Commitments 14 Director Independence 15 Certain Relationships and Related Persons Transactions 15 Corporate Governance Guidelines Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics 16 Board Evaluation 16 Communications with the Board 17 7 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Framework We have developed a corporate governance framework designed to ensure our Board has the appropriate practices in place to review and evaluate our business operations and to make decisions independent of management. Our goal is to align the interests of directors, management and stockholders, and comply with or exceed the requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ) and applicable laws and regulations. Adobe s key governance documents, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, are available at adobe.com/investor-relations/governance.html . See the section titled Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Highlights for further information on our corporate governance policies and practices. Board Responsibilities and Structure The Board s Role in Risk Oversight Risk assessment and oversight are an integral part of our governance and management processes. The Board is responsible for overseeing the development and execution of the Company s strategic plans and for understanding the associated risks and actions that management is taking to manage and mitigate those risks. The Board believes that taking an active role in the oversight of Adobe s corporate strategy and the related risks is appropriate, given our Board members combined breadth and depth of experience, and is critical to ensuring that the long-term interests of Adobe and its stockholders are being served. The Board also encourages management to promote a culture that actively manages risks as a part of Adobe s corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations. Adobe s management is responsible for developing and implementing the Company s strategic plans and for identifying, evaluating, managing and mitigating the risks inherent in those plans through our risk management program. The scope of our Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) program includes a broad range of Adobe s compliance, strategic, operational and financial risks. Throughout the year, members of a cross-functional team within the Company conduct risk data collection, surveys and interviews of Company experts, specialists and leaders, including management and Board members. From time to time, third-party experts are also consulted as part of this risk-assessment process. Together with the internal audit team, identified risks are then analyzed, categorized by topic (compliance, strategic, operational, financial or reputational) and timeframe (existing or emerging). For certain key risks, existing controls and management action plans to mitigate identified risks are evaluated and updated as necessary. Annually, management presents and discusses the key risks identified in the ERM process with the Audit Committee and the full Board, soliciting input from Board members on the steps taken to mitigate risks and plans for additional mitigation in the year ahead. Our Board administers this risk oversight function and is assisted by its standing committees to address risks inherent in their respective areas of oversight and expertise, as detailed in the tables below. The Board Our Board reviews the Company s overall strategy, with annual reviews focused on the strategy of our business units. On an annual basis, the Board reviews the Company s key risks, including mitigation strategies, that are identified in the ERM process and also meets with the Chief Compliance Officer (the CCO ), Chief Security Officer (the CSO ), senior cyber legal and other professionals and Chief Audit Executive (the CAE ) to review existing and emerging risks. Additionally, the Board reviews the risk factors included in the Company s annual report filed with the SEC. The Board maintains direct oversight of and receives regular updates from management on AI, including our strategy, risks, development and governance and ethical innovation approaches. 8 Table of Contents The Committees Audit Committee Our Audit Committee has primary responsibility for oversight of our ERM program, as well as oversight of particular risks, such as cybersecurity, privacy, information and technology security and financial risk exposures and the steps our management has taken to monitor and control these exposures. The Audit Committee monitors the effectiveness of our Code of Ethics for senior officers. The Audit Committee also monitors compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and oversees the performance of our internal audit function and of our independent registered public accounting firm. In carrying out this oversight, the Audit Committee receives or participates in: regular updates by the CCO, CSO and senior cyber legal and other professionals regarding key risks, including cybersecurity; annual compliance updates regarding key compliance issues, as well as ongoing updates on developing risks, from the CCO, who reports to the Chief Legal Officer and regularly interacts with and directly communicates with the Audit Committee; annual meetings with the CCO without management present regarding key risks, issues or concerns; quarterly meetings without management present with the CAE, who reports to the Audit Committee, regarding key risks, issues or concerns; annual reviews of the Company s key risks by the CAE, including mitigation strategies, identified in the ERM process; and quarterly reviews of the risk factors included in the Company s quarterly and annual reports filed with the SEC. Executive Compensation Committee Our Executive Compensation Committee oversees risks associated with our compensation programs, plans, policies and practices and human capital management ( HCM ) strategy and programs, and assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation policies and programs has the potential to encourage excessive risk-taking. Governance and Sustainability Committee Our Governance and Sustainability Committee monitors the effectiveness of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and approves or disapproves any related-persons transactions. Additionally, our Governance and Sustainability Committee oversees risks associated with ESG matters, other than HCM, and receives an annual update from management on the Company s sustainability efforts and related risks. Board Leadership Structure Each year, our Board evaluates whether its leadership structure is appropriate to effectively address the specific needs of our business and the long-term interests of our stockholders. Given the dynamic and competitive environment in which Adobe operates, the Board believes that Adobe and our stockholders are best served by a Chair who has broad and deep knowledge of Adobe s business operations and the competitive landscape, the ability to identify strategic issues and the vision to create sustainable long-term value for stockholders. Based on these considerations, the Board has determined that, at this time, our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), Shantanu Narayen, is the director best qualified to serve in the role of Chair. The Board believes that Mr. Narayen s combined role enables decisive leadership, ensures clear accountability and enhances the Board s ability to focus its meetings on the issues most critical to Adobe s success as well as Adobe s ability to communicate its message and strategy clearly and consistently to its stockholders, employees and customers. Corporate Governance | 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents To maintain an appropriate level of independent checks and balances, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that if the Chair of the Board and the CEO are the same person or if the Chair is not an independent director, the independent members of the Board will annually select an independent director to serve in a lead capacity, who we refer to as our Lead Director. Our Board believes that there are advantages to having a Lead Director for matters such as communications and relations among our Board, the CEO and other members of senior management and in assisting our Board in reaching consensus on particular strategies and policies. The independent members of our Board have selected Frank Calderoni to serve as Lead Director. The Board believes that from Mr. Calderoni s experience as a director of several public companies, as well as his past experience as Chief Executive Officer of Velocity Global and Anaplan, Inc. and Chief Financial Officer of Red Hat, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., QLogic Corporation and SanDisk Corporation, he brings abundant financial expertise and business acumen that helps ensure strong and independent oversight and effective collaboration among the directors. Our Lead Director coordinates the activities of the other independent directors and has the following additional responsibilities, as outlined in the Lead Director Charter adopted by the Board and available on our website at adobe.com/investor-relations/governance.html : presiding at all meetings of the Board at which the Chair is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors; working to optimize Board performance through regular feedback that ensures that diverse viewpoints of all directors are heard and creating a climate of constructive candor in which frank and thoughtful discussion occurs; meeting with the Chair and CEO to discuss, approve or provide input and consultation on Board agendas, materials and the schedule of meetings; calling meetings of the independent directors, as needed; retaining outside advisors and consultants who report directly to the Board on Board-wide issues, as needed; providing feedback to individual directors in connection with the periodic Board evaluation process; administering, with the Chair of the Executive Compensation Committee, the Board s evaluation of the performance of the Chair and CEO; and making himself available for consultation and communication with Adobe s significant stockholders. Led by Mr. Calderoni, the independent members of our Board met 4 times during fiscal year 2025 in regularly scheduled executive sessions (without the presence of Mr. Narayen) to discuss various matters related to oversight, Board affairs and CEO performance. Mr. Calderoni also frequently attends Audit Committee and Executive Compensation Committee meetings, and, at times, attends meetings with investors as part of our stockholder outreach efforts. Using input collected from the independent members of our Board during each executive session, Mr. Calderoni discusses the agenda and materials for future Board meetings with the Chair and CEO and members of management. Our Board believes that stockholders are best served by the Board s current leadership structure because it provides Adobe with the benefits of combining the leadership role of Chair and CEO, while at the same time featuring a strong and empowered independent Lead Director who provides an effective independent voice and further enhances the contributions of our independent directors. 10 Table of Contents Committees of the Board Audit Committee CURRENT MEMBERS 8 meetings held in fiscal year 2025 Kathleen Oberg (Chair) Laura Desmond Spencer Neumann Dheeraj Pandey The Audit Committee s role includes assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities related to the oversight of our financial, accounting and reporting processes; our system of internal accounting and financial controls; our technology security policies and internal cybersecurity and privacy controls; our ERM program; and our compliance with related legal, regulatory and ethical requirements. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include: the appointment, compensation, engagement, evaluation, retention, termination and oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm, including conducting an annual review of its independence; reviewing and approving the planned scope of our annual audit; overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm s audit work; reviewing and pre-approving any audit and non-audit services that may be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; reviewing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy of our internal financial and disclosure controls; reviewing our critical accounting policies and practices, critical audit matters and the application of accounting principles; reviewing and discussing with management the adequacy and effectiveness of our information and technology security policies and internal controls regarding information and technology security, cybersecurity and privacy related areas; monitoring the rotation of partners of our independent registered public accounting firm on our audit engagement team as required by regulation; reviewing our policies and practices with respect to swaps transactions; overseeing, and approving any amendments to, Adobe s worldwide investment policy; overseeing the performance of our internal audit function; establishing and reviewing our procedures, as required under applicable regulation, for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; overseeing and reviewing relevant elements of Adobe s ERM program; and reviewing and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements. Corporate Governance | 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents The Audit Committee has the authority to obtain independent advice and assistance from internal or external legal, accounting and other advisors at Adobe s expense. Each current member of the Audit Committee meets the independence criteria prescribed by applicable regulations and the rules of the SEC for audit committee membership and is an independent director within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq listing standards. Each current Audit Committee member meets Nasdaq s financial sophistication requirements, and the Board has further determined that each Audit Committee member is an audit committee financial expert as such term is defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. The Audit Committee acts pursuant to a written charter, which complies with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules of the SEC and Nasdaq, a copy of which can be found on our website at adobe.com/investor-relations/governance.html . Executive Compensation Committee CURRENT MEMBERS Amy Banse (Chair) 7 meetings held in fiscal year 2025 Cristiano Amon Melanie Boulden David Ricks The primary purpose of the Executive Compensation Committee is to discharge the Board s responsibilities relating to compensation and benefits of the Company s executive officers and other senior management. The Executive Compensation Committee s responsibilities also include: setting and administering the policies that govern, and reviewing and approving, all compensation of our executive officers, including cash, equity and other compensation programs; administering and monitoring compliance with our policies for the recovery or clawback of incentive compensation granted, awarded or paid to executive officers; making recommendations to the Board concerning Board and committee compensation; overseeing the Company s HCM strategy and programs; reviewing our stock ownership guidelines for non-employee directors and senior management; overseeing our overall compensation plans and benefit programs, and approving all employment, severance and change of control agreements and plans applicable to our executive officers; reviewing and approving annual performance objectives and goals relevant to our executive officers; overseeing all matters related to stockholder approval of executive compensation, including the advisory vote on compensation of our NEOs; and evaluating the risk-taking incentives and risk management of our compensation policies and practices. The Executive Compensation Committee is also authorized to review and approve equity-based compensation grants to our non-executive officer employees and consultants; however, equity grants to our non-executive officer employees are generally approved by a Management Committee for Employee Equity Awards appointed by the Board, currently consisting of our CEO and Chief People Officer, within parameters established by the Executive Compensation Committee. See the section titled Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Other Benefits, Programs and Policies Granting Guidelines for Equity Compensation for additional information. The CEO is also authorized, in his capacity as a member of the Board, to approve the assumption of outstanding equity awards in acquisitions, new hire and retention restricted stock unit ( RSU ) grants to non-executive officer employees and RSU grants to consultants. The Executive Compensation Committee has the authority to obtain independent advice and assistance from internal or external legal, accounting and other advisors, at Adobe s expense. The Executive Compensation Committee 12 Table of Contents assesses the independence and any potential conflicts of interest of compensation advisors in accordance with applicable law and Nasdaq listing standards. Each member of the Executive Compensation Committee is an independent director within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq listing standards and a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. The Executive Compensation Committee acts pursuant to a written charter, a copy of which can be found on our website at adobe.com/investor-relations/governance.html . Governance and Sustainability Committee CURRENT MEMBERS Frank Calderoni (Chair) 4 meetings held in fiscal year 2025 Amy Banse Kathleen Oberg Daniel Rosensweig The Governance and Sustainability Committee s primary purpose is to evaluate candidates for membership on our Board and make recommendations to our Board regarding candidates for director. The Governance and Sustainability Committee s responsibilities also include: making recommendations with respect to the composition of our Board and its committees, including the rotation of committee chairs and members; reviewing and making recommendations regarding the functioning of our Board as an entity; overseeing ESG matters applicable to the Company, including the Company s policies, initiatives, disclosures and engagement with investors and other stakeholders, other than those related to HCM; establishing and reviewing governance criteria applicable to the Board; managing a periodic review, discussion and evaluation of the performance of our Board, its committees and its members; assessing the independence of our directors; reviewing and approving or disapproving any related-person transaction as defined under Item 404 of Regulation S-K, after examining each such transaction for potential conflicts of interest and other improprieties; reviewing the board memberships of other entities held by members of the Board and approving board memberships of other entities for our executive officers; and if requested by the Board, assisting the Board in reviewing and assessing performance, management development and succession planning for our senior management, including our CEO. The Governance and Sustainability Committee has the authority to obtain independent advice and assistance from internal or external legal, accounting and other advisors at Adobe s expense. The members of our Governance and Sustainability Committee are all independent directors within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq listing standards. The Governance and Sustainability Committee operates pursuant to a written charter, a copy of which can be found on our website at adobe.com/investor-relations/governance.html . In carrying out its function to nominate candidates for election to our Board, the Governance and Sustainability Committee considers the criteria, attributes and experience discussed in the section titled Our Directors. The Governance and Sustainability Committee, from time to time, retains, for a fee, one or more third-party search firms to identify suitable candidates for election to our Board. In reviewing potential candidates, the Governance and Sustainability Committee will also consider all relationships between any proposed nominee and any of Adobe s stockholders, competitors, customers, suppliers or other persons with a relationship to Adobe. In addition, the Governance and Sustainability Committee believes it is appropriate for at least one member of our Audit Committee to meet the criteria for an audit committee financial expert as defined by SEC rules, that each member of our Executive Compensation Committee be a non-employee director within Corporate Governance | 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and that a majority of the members of our Board meet the definition of independent director within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq listing standards. The Governance and Sustainability Committee considers stockholder recommendations for candidates for the Board based on the same criteria that it uses to evaluate other candidates, including incumbents. Our stockholders may nominate one or more persons for election as a director at our annual meeting of stockholders. The name of any recommended candidate for director, together with a brief biographical sketch, a document indicating the candidate s willingness to serve if elected and evidence of the recommending stockholder s ownership of Company stock must be sent to the attention of our Corporate Secretary. In addition, the proxy access provisions under Article III, Section 6 of our bylaws, provide that a stockholder (or a group of up to twenty stockholders) owning at least 3% of Adobe s outstanding shares of common stock continuously for at least three years may nominate and include in our annual meeting proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of two directors or 20% of the total number of directors on the Board, provided the stockholders and nominees satisfy the requirements specified in our bylaws. In either case, a stockholder who wishes to formally nominate a candidate must comply with the notice, information and consent provisions contained in our bylaws. Stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in reliance on the SEC's universal proxy rule for director nominees submitted under the advance notice requirements of our Bylaws must comply with the additional requirements of Rule 14a-19(b). Our bylaws specify additional requirements if stockholders wish to nominate directors at special meetings of stockholders. Board Meetings and Attendance During fiscal year 2025, our Board held 7 meetings, and its three standing committees Audit Committee, Executive Compensation Committee and Governance and Sustainability Committee collectively held 19 meetings. Each director attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board and the committees of which such director was a member and during the period in which he or she served in fiscal year 2025. Members of our Board are encouraged to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. All eleven of the Board members then serving on our Board attended our 2025 Annual Meeting. The following table sets forth the number of meetings held by our Board and the committees during fiscal year 2025: Name Board Audit Executive Compensation Governance and Sustainability Number of meetings held in fiscal year 2025 7 8 7 4 Director Commitments Our Board believes that all members of the Board should have sufficient time and attention to devote to board duties and to otherwise fulfill the responsibilities required of directors. The Board and Governance and Sustainability Committee recognize that external commitments may impact a director s ability to discharge their responsibilities to effectively serve on the Board. The Board and Governance and Sustainability Committee believe that each person nominated for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting has the ability to effectively serve on the Board and to dedicate sufficient time and attention to his or her responsibilities as a member of the Board, taking into consideration, among other things, each nominee s attendance at meetings of the Board and any committees on which such nominee serves; the number of additional public company boards on which a nominee serves; and the nominee s level of contribution and participation in meetings of the Board and any of its committees. Upon reviewing the commitments of our directors nominees, the Governance and Sustainability Committee carefully considered Mr. Rosensweig s service. The Governance and Sustainability Committee noted (1) Mr. Rosensweig s background, qualifications and years of service to the Company offer unique qualifications, institutional history and perspectives; (2) his near-perfect attendance (he was absent from one committee meeting in fiscal year 2025); (3) he attends meetings well-prepared and well-informed, actively participating in all discussions; (4) he is available to confer on matters with short notice; (5) his service on other boards has not interfered and is not expected to interfere with the time and attention required to serve on our Board; and (6) Mr. Rosensweig has represented to our Board that he is fully committed to the Board and will dedicate the appropriate amount of time to fulfill his duties as a member of our Board. However, we recognize that certain stockholders may consider Mr. Rosensweig to be overboarded due to his service on two other public company boards while serving as a public company CEO. In particular, Mr. Rosensweig serves as Chief Executive Officer and 14 Table of Contents the Co-Chair of the board of directors of Chegg, Inc. and also serves on the board of directors of Rent the Runway Inc. Upon robust review of Mr. Rosensweig s qualifications and commitment to the Board, the Governance and Sustainability Committee and the Board believe Mr. Rosensweig s membership on the Board is highly valuable and concluded that his service on other boards does not impair his service to the Company. Director Independence As required by the Nasdaq listing standards, a majority of the members of our Board must qualify as independent, as affirmatively determined by our Board. Our Board consults with our legal counsel to ensure that its determinations are consistent with all relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the definition of independent, including those set forth in the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. In addition, in making its determination, the Board considers any arms-length transactions made in the ordinary course between Adobe and certain related entities, for instance the purchase from Adobe of software products and services by companies of which a director is an executive officer. After review of all relevant transactions and relationships between each director, any of their family members, Adobe, our executive officers and our independent registered public accounting firm, the Board has affirmatively determined that a majority of our Board is comprised of independent directors. Our current independent directors are: Messrs. Amon, Calderoni, Neumann, Pandey, Ricks and Rosensweig and Mses. Banse, Boulden, Desmond and Oberg. Certain Relationships and Related Persons Transactions Transactions with Related Persons Pursuant to its written charter, the Governance and Sustainability Committee considers and approves or disapproves any related person transaction as defined under Item 404 of Regulation S-K, after examining each such transaction for potential conflicts of interest and other improprieties. The Governance and Sustainability Committee has not adopted any specific written procedures for conducting such reviews and considers each transaction in light of the specific facts and circumstances presented. In approving or rejecting any such transaction, the Governance and Sustainability Committee considers all relevant facts and circumstances as appropriate, including, but not limited to, the material facts of the transaction, including the terms of the transaction, the availability of other sources for comparable services or products and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. Since the beginning of fiscal year 2025, there have not been any transactions, nor are there any currently proposed transactions, in which Adobe was or is to be a participant, where the amount involved exceeded $120,000 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. As is the case with most multinational corporations, from time to time in the ordinary course of business, we engage in arms-length transactions with entities with which members of the Board or our executive officers (or members of the immediate family of any of the foregoing) have professional relationships and with entities that are greater than 5% beneficial owners of our common stock. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation There are no members of our Executive Compensation Committee who were officers or employees of Adobe or any of our subsidiaries during fiscal year 2025. No members were formerly officers of Adobe or had any relationship otherwise requiring disclosure hereunder. During fiscal year 2025, no interlocking relationships existed between any of our executive officers or members of our Board or Executive Compensation Committee, on the one hand, and the executive officers or members of the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity, on the other hand. Corporate Governance | 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Guidelines Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics Corporate Governance Guidelines We believe in sound corporate governance practices and have adopted formal Corporate Governance Guidelines to enhance our effectiveness. Our Board adopted these Corporate Governance Guidelines in order to ensure that it has the necessary practices in place to review and evaluate our business operations as needed and to make decisions that are independent of our management. The Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth the practices our Board and its committees follow with respect to Board and committee composition and selection, meetings, CEO performance evaluation and management development and succession planning for senior management, including the CEO position. Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the CEO prepares, on a continuing basis, a short-term succession plan outlining temporary delegations of authority to certain officers of the Company if one or more members of senior management should unexpectedly become unable to perform his or her duties. A copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines is available on our website at adobe.com/investor-relations/governance.html . Code of Business Conduct We have also adopted a Code of Business Conduct applicable to all directors, officers and employees of Adobe as required by applicable Nasdaq listing standards. This Code of Business Conduct is publicly available on our website at adobe.com/investor-relations/governance.html . There were no waivers of the Code of Business Conduct for any of our directors or executive officers during fiscal year 2025. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our CEO, Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), Chief Accounting Officer, Corporate Controller, Treasurer and certain other finance department executives, which is a code of ethics as defined by applicable SEC rules. The Code of Ethics is publicly available on our website at adobe.com/investor-relations/governance.html . If we make any amendments to the Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of the Code of Ethics to our CEO, CFO, Chief Accounting Officer, Corporate Controller, Treasurer or persons performing similar functions, and such other personnel as are designated from time to time by the Board, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies on our website at adobe.com/company/integrity.html or in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. There were no waivers of the Code of Ethics during fiscal year 2025. Board Evaluation The Governance and Sustainability Committee is responsible for overseeing periodic evaluations of the performance of the full Board, each of its members and its committees, and reports on such evaluations to the Board. On a regular basis, we engage an outside advisor to conduct a comprehensive Board evaluation to assess the effectiveness of our Board, committees and members. The process is facilitated by an independent third party to preserve integrity and anonymity of the Board members and the Company s senior executives. The evaluation process facilitator solicits feedback from Board members and senior executives individually to obtain and compile responses to the evaluation, which includes feedback from Board members on other Board members, for review by the Board and senior executives of the Company. The Board, Governance and Sustainability Committee and senior executives of the Company then review and discuss the evaluation results and any actions to be taken as a result of the discussion. The results are used to inform Board and committee composition and refreshment, including expansion and refinement of the attributes and experience criteria for Board membership and to address the evolving needs of the Company. The evaluation aims to (1) find opportunities where our Board and committees can improve their performance and effectiveness, (2) assess any need to evolve the composition and expertise of our Board and (3) assure that our Board and committees are operating in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines and committee charters. The evaluations have resulted in increased focus on key areas including strategy, AI and marketing, as well as regular director education on market landscape and industry developments. 16 Table of Contents Communications with the Board Any stockholder who desires to contact our Board, or specific members of our Board, may do so electronically by sending an email to the following address: adobeboard@adobe.com . Alternatively, a stockholder may contact our Board, or specific members of our Board, by writing to: Stockholder Communications Adobe Inc. 345 Park Avenue San Jose, California 95110, USA All such communications will be initially received and processed by the office of our Corporate Secretary. Accounting, audit, internal accounting controls and other financial matters will be referred to the Chair of the Audit Committee. Other matters will be referred to the Board, the non-employee directors or individual directors as appropriate. Corporate Governance | 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents Our Directors Attributes of Director Nominees 19 Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees 20 Director Nominees 21 Director Compensation for Fiscal Year 202 5 27 18 Table of Contents Our business is managed under the direction of our Board of Directors, which is currently composed of eleven members. Adobe s stockholders elect our Board members annually. All of our current directors were elected by our stockholders, and all directors are serving a term that expires at the 2026 Annual Meeting. See the section titled Proxy Statement Summary Director Nominees for information on the composition of our Board. Attributes of Director Nominees The following table highlights the number of our director nominees who share certain categories of attributes and experiences that uniquely qualify them to serve on our Board, which are further defined below. We believe the mix of experiences and qualifications represented by our directors is critical to Adobe s success. We have narrowly tailored and defined these categories, although inclusion in certain categories will in many cases provide experience and expertise covered by other categories. For example, directors with Chief Executive Officer experience will also have gained significant exposure to operational issues and sales and marketing. Executive Leadership Global Leadership Business Dev Strategy AI Experience Operations Finance or Accounting Legal or Regulatory Sales, Marketing Brand Mgmt Technologist Public Company Board Service / Governance Cristiano Amon DIRECTOR l l l l l l l l l Amy Banse DIRECTOR l l l l l l l l Melanie Boulden DIRECTOR l l l l l l l Frank Calderoni LEAD DIRECTOR l l l l l l l l l Laura Desmond DIRECTOR l l l l l l l l Shantanu Narayen CHAIR l l l l l l l l l Spencer Neumann DIRECTOR l l l l l l Kathleen Oberg DIRECTOR l l l l l l l Dheeraj Pandey DIRECTOR l l l l l l l l l David Ricks DIRECTOR l l l l l l l l Daniel Rosensweig DIRECTOR l l l l l l l l 11 11 11 8 11 11 4 9 3 9 ________________________ The attributes above are defined as follows: Executive Leadership: Directors who have served as a founder, Chief Executive Officer or Chief Executive Officer-equivalent, senior executive or business unit leader of a company with a deep understanding of company offerings and industry. Global Leadership : Directors with leadership experience in a global company overseeing non-U.S. operations, diverse economic landscapes and working with various cultures. Business Development Strategy : Directors with expertise in strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, growth strategies or Our Directors | 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents business expansion. AI Experience : Directors with experience leading AI transformation in companies. Operations : Directors with experience in business operations management, supply chain management, integration or distribution. Finance or Accounting : Directors with a deep understanding of finance, accounting principles and methodologies, financial reporting, financial management, capital markets, financial statements, audit processes and procedures or internal financial controls. Legal or Regulatory : Directors with governmental policy, legal knowledge or experience with compliance and regulatory issues within a public company or a regulatory body, including any individual who is a Certified Public Accountant, has a Juris Doctorate, or has significant chief financial officer experience. Sales, Marketing Brand Management : Directors with experience in sales management, marketing campaign management, marketing/advertising products and services or public relations. Technologist : Directors with expertise in software products, services, engineering or development, computer science, information technology, cybersecurity or technology research and development. Public Company Board Service / Governance : Directors who currently serve, or have served, on other public company boards. Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees The Board considers the following general criteria when evaluating Board member nominees and composition of the Board: exercises logical, thorough, objective, sound and rational judgment when representing the best interests of all Adobe stockholders; possesses experience and expertise relevant to expanding the breadth of the Board s collective knowledge, skill set and attributes; demonstrates commitment to achieving Adobe s long-term objectives by prioritizing and investing the attention necessary to fulfill Board membership-related duties, attendance obligations and responsibilities; contributes to the mix of skills, experiences and backgrounds of the full Board, in the context of the requirements of the Board at that point in time; understands elements relevant to the success of a publicly-traded company, including the importance of best practices in corporate governance; and demonstrates integrity and ethics in such nominee s personal and professional life. 20 Table of Contents Director Nominees for Election for a One-Year Term Expiring in 2027 Cristiano Amon DIRECTOR SINCE 2023 INDEPENDENT Executive Compensation Committee Mr. Amon, 55, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Qualcomm Incorporated, a wireless technology company, and a member of its board of directors since June 2021. He served as Qualcomm Incorporated s President and Chief Executive Officer-elect from January 2021 to June 2021 and President from January 2018 to January 2021. Mr. Amon served as Executive Vice President, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. ( QTI ), a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, and President, Qualcomm CDMA Technologies ( QCT ), from November 2015 to January 2018. He served as Executive Vice President, QTI and Co-President, QCT from October 2012 to November 2015, Senior Vice President and Co-President, QCT from June 2012 to October 2012 and as Senior Vice President, QCT Product Management from October 2007 to June 2012, with responsibility for QTI s product roadmap, including the Qualcomm Snapdragon platforms. Mr. Amon joined Qualcomm in 1995 as an engineer and throughout his tenure at Qualcomm has held several other technical and leadership positions. Mr. Amon holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and an honorary doctorate from UNICAMP, the State University of Campinas, Brazil. As the President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of Qualcomm, Mr. Amon brings to the Board extensive business and management expertise, as well as a deep understanding of rapidly evolving technologies, including AI, and the complex operational and AI issues facing large global companies. Other Public Company Boards : Qualcomm Incorporated Amy Banse DIRECTOR SINCE 2012 INDEPENDENT Executive Compensation Committee (chair); Governance and Sustainability Committee Ms. Banse, 66, has served as a partner at Mosaic General Partnership (formerly Mastry, Inc.), an early stage venture capital firm, since March 2021. Previously, she held several roles at Comcast Corporation ( Comcast ), a global media and technology company, including Executive Vice President, Comcast, and Managing Director and Head of Funds, Comcast Ventures from January 2011 to September 2020. From 2004 to January 2011, Ms. Banse served as President of Comcast Interactive Media ( CIM ), a division of Comcast responsible for developing Comcast's online strategy and operating Comcast's digital properties, including Fandango, Xfinity.com and Xfinitytv.com. She joined Comcast in 1991 and spent the early part of her career at Comcast overseeing the development of Comcast's cable network portfolio. She received a B.A. from Harvard and a J.D. from Temple University School of Law. As the former Managing Director and Head of Funds for Comcast Ventures and Executive Vice President, Comcast, as well as her prior executive positions, including President of CIM, Ms. Banse has extensive executive leadership experience and extensive knowledge of financial and strategic issues. She also brings to the Board a deep expertise in global media and technology organizations in online business. Other Public Company Boards : Lennar Corporation, On Holding AG, The Clorox Company (2016 to 2024) Our Directors | 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents Melanie Boulden DIRECTOR SINCE 2020 INDEPENDENT Executive Compensation Committee Ms. Boulden, 53, has served as a consultant for Tyson Foods, Inc. ( Tyson Foods ), a multinational, protein-focused food company, since June 2025. From February 2023 to May 2025, Ms. Boulden served as Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer for Tyson Foods. Ms. Boulden also served as Group President, Prepared Foods for Tyson Foods from September 2023 to October 2024. From January 2021 to December 2022, Ms. Boulden served as Chief Marketing Officer, North America for The Coca-Cola Company, a global beverage company ( Coca-Cola ). From April 2020 to January 2021, Ms. Boulden served as President, Still Beverages Business Unit and from August 2019 to April 2020, Ms. Boulden served as President, Venturing and Emerging Brands for Coca-Cola. Ms. Boulden has also held marketing and general management leadership roles at Reebok International Ltd., a fitness footwear and clothing company, Crayola LLC, an art supplies company, Kraft Foods Group Inc., a food manufacturing company, and Henkel Consumer Goods, a manufacturer of personal care and household cleaning products. Ms. Boulden holds a B.S. in English from Iowa State University and an MBA with concentrations in marketing and finance from The University of Iowa. With her previous senior executive experience at companies like Coca-Cola, Reebok International, Crayola, and most recently Tyson Foods, Ms. Boulden brings to the Board extensive leadership and general management experience. Additionally, Ms. Boulden has deep expertise in global marketing and brand management having led some of the world s most well-known brands. Other Public Company Boards : Cal-Maine Foods Frank Calderoni Lead Director DIRECTOR SINCE 2012 INDEPENDENT Governance and Sustainability Committee (chair) Mr. Calderoni, 68, served as the Chief Executive Officer of Velocity Global, a provider of global talent solutions, from April 2023 to August 2024. Prior to joining Velocity Global, Mr. Calderoni served as the Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Anaplan, Inc. ( Anaplan ), a planning and performance management platform provider, until June 2022. Prior to joining Anaplan in January 2017, he served as Executive Vice President, Operations and Chief Financial Officer at Red Hat, Inc., an enterprise open source software provider, from June 2015 to December 2016. Until June 2015, he was an Executive Advisor at Cisco Systems, Inc. ( Cisco ), a designer, manufacturer and seller of IP-based networking and other products related to the communications and information technology industry. From 2008 to January 2015, Mr. Calderoni served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Cisco, managing the company's financial strategy and operations. He joined Cisco in 2004 from QLogic Corporation, a storage networking company where he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer for SanDisk Corporation ( SanDisk ), a flash data storage company. Before joining SanDisk, Mr. Calderoni spent 21 years at IBM, a global services, software and systems company, where he became Vice President and held controller responsibilities for several divisions within the company. Mr. Calderoni holds a B.S. in Accounting and Finance from Fordham University and an M.B.A. in Finance from Pace University. As a result of his senior executive leadership positions as chief executive officer and as chief financial officer of publicly traded global technology companies, Mr. Calderoni brings to the Board abundant financial expertise that includes extensive knowledge of the complex financial and operational issues facing large global companies and a deep understanding of accounting principles and financial reporting rules and regulations. He has experience driving Anaplan s AI strategy for predictive analytics and provides the Board with significant insight into the preparation of financial statements and knowledge of audit procedures. Through his senior executive positions, Mr. Calderoni has demonstrated his global leadership and business acumen. Other Public Company Boards : Anaplan (Chair 2017 to 2022) 22 Table of Contents Laura Desmond DIRECTOR SINCE 2012 INDEPENDENT Executive Compensation Committee; Audit Committee Ms. Desmond, 60, has served as Chief Executive Officer at Smartly.io, an advertising technology company, since September 2022. Ms. Desmond has served as Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Eagle Vista Partners, a strategic advisory and investment firm focused on marketing and digital technology, since March 2017, and as an Operating Partner in the Media Technology Practice at Providence Equity Partners LLC, a private equity investment firm, since December 2017. Prior to this, Ms. Desmond was the Chief Revenue Officer of Publicis Groupe, a group of global marketing, communication and business transformation companies from December 2016 to December 2017. From 2008 to December 2016 Ms. Desmond was the Global Chief Executive Officer of Starcom MediaVest Group ( SMG ), a global marketing and media services company which is part of the Publicis Groupe. Prior to her appointment as Global Chief Executive Officer in 2008, Ms. Desmond was Chief Executive Officer of SMG - The Americas from 2007 to 2008 where she managed a network spanning the United States, Canada and Latin America. Ms. Desmond was Chief Executive Officer of MediaVest, a media agency, from 2003 to 2007, and from 2000 to 2002 she was Chief Executive Officer of SMG's Latin America group. Ms. Desmond holds a B.B.A. in Marketing from the University of Iowa. With her extensive experience as a strategist, consultant and investor working with global marketers, media companies and brands, including serving as Chief Revenue Officer of Publicis Groupe and Global Chief Executive Officer of SMG, Ms. Desmond brings to the Board a deep expertise in global media and marketing technology organizations, leadership capabilities and business acumen. In her roles as CEO of Smartly and as an investor, Ms. Desmond has driven AI strategy and product development. In addition, her present and past service on other boards gives her valuable knowledge and perspective. As an expert in the marketing space, Ms. Desmond speaks frequently with Adobe s management outside of scheduled board meetings to provide specific insight regarding Adobe s solutions for marketing professionals. Other Public Company Boards : DoubleVerify Holdings Inc., Capgemini SE (2019 to 2020) Shantanu Narayen Chair DIRECTOR SINCE 2007 Committees: None Mr. Narayen, 62, currently serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board. He joined Adobe in January 1998 as Vice President and General Manager of our engineering technology group. In January 1999, he was promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Products, and in March 2001, he was promoted to Executive Vice President, Worldwide Product Marketing and Development. In January 2005, Mr. Narayen was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer, and effective December 2007, he was appointed our Chief Executive Officer and joined our Board. In January 2017, he was named our Chair of the Board. Mr. Narayen holds a B.S. in Electronics Engineering from Osmania University in India, an M.S. in Computer Science from Bowling Green State University and an M.B.A. from the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley. As our Chief Executive Officer, Chair of the Board and as an Adobe employee for more than 25 years, Mr. Narayen brings to the Board extensive leadership and industry experience, including a deep knowledge and understanding of our business, operations and employees, the opportunities and risks faced by Adobe, and management s current and future strategy and plans. Mr. Narayen is driving Adobe's AI strategy and innovation, delivering AI across its solutions for productivity, creativity and marketing. In addition, his service on other boards gives him a strong understanding of his role as a director and a broad perspective on key industry and AI issues and corporate governance matters. Other Public Company Boards : Pfizer Inc. (Lead Independent Director) Our Directors | 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents Spencer Neumann DIRECTOR SINCE 2022 INDEPENDENT Audit Committee Mr. Neumann, 56, has served as Chief Financial Officer of Netflix, Inc. ( Netflix ), a media company, since January 2019. Before joining Netflix, Mr. Neumann served as Chief Financial Officer of Activision Blizzard, Inc., a video gaming company, from June 2017 to January 2019 and previously held several senior positions at The Walt Disney Company, a multinational media and entertainment company, including Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Global Guest Experience of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts from 2012 to 2017. Prior to that, he held roles at private equity firms Providence Equity Partners and Summit Partners. He holds a B.A. in Economics and an M.B.A. from Harvard University. As a result of his position at Netflix, as well as his previous executive positions, Mr. Neumann brings to the Board extensive experience and financial expertise, including an in-depth knowledge of the complex financial and operational issues facing large global companies and a deep understanding of accounting principles and financial reporting rules and regulations. Other Public Company Boards : None Kathleen Oberg DIRECTOR SINCE 2019 INDEPENDENT Audit Committee (chair); Governance and Sustainability Committee Ms. Oberg, 65, currently serves as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Development of Marriott International, Inc. ( Marriott ), a global hospitality company, and will retire from Marriott, effective March 31, 2026. From January 2016 to February 2023, she served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Marriott and was additionally designated in February 2023 as Executive Vice President, Development leading the strategic growth of the company s lodging brands. Beginning in 2013 and until January 2016, Ms. Oberg served as Chief Financial Officer for The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Marriott. From 2008 to 2013, Ms. Oberg served as Marriott s Senior Vice President, Corporate Development Finance. From 2006 to 2008, she served as Marriott s Senior Vice President, International Project Finance and Asset Management for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and as the senior finance executive for the region. Ms. Oberg s career with Marriott began in 1999 where she served as a member of its Investor Relations group. Prior to initially joining Marriott, Ms. Oberg held various financial leadership positions with Sodexo, a food and facilities management company, Sallie Mae Bank, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a global investment banking firm, and The Chase Manhattan Bank. Ms. Oberg holds a B.S. in Commerce with concentrations in Finance/Management Information Systems from the University of Virginia, McIntire School of Commerce and an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. As a result of her position at Marriott and her past service in financial leadership positions, Ms. Oberg brings to the Board financial expertise, including an in-depth knowledge of financial reporting rules and regulations and accounting principles, and experience incorporating AI into Marriott s business operations. Her deep understanding of the multifaceted financial and operational issues affecting large global organizations and leadership experience with development projects and merger and acquisition opportunities brings the Board and Audit Committee valuable insight into preparing long-range plans, annual budgets and capital allocation strategy. Other Public Company Boards : None 24 Table of Contents Dheeraj Pandey DIRECTOR SINCE 2019 INDEPENDENT Audit Committee Mr. Pandey, 50, has served as the Chair and Chief Executive Officer of DevRev, Inc., an AI-native enterprise software company, since December 2020. Previously, he co-founded Nutanix, Inc. ( Nutanix ), a cloud computing company, in 2009 and served as its Chief Executive Officer and as the Chair of its board of directors until December 2020. Mr. Pandey also served as the President of Nutanix from September 2009 until February 2016. Between September 2007 and September 2009, he served as VP (and Director) of Engineering at Aster Data Systems, Inc. (later acquired by Teradata Corporation ( Teradata )), a data warehousing company. Prior to Teradata, Mr. Pandey served in software engineering roles at Oracle Corporation, a software and technology company, Zambeel, Inc., a data storage systems company, and Trilogy Software, Inc., a software company. Mr. Pandey holds a Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and a M.S. in Computer Science from the University of Texas at Austin. He was a Graduate Fellow of Computer Science in the University of Texas at Austin Ph.D. program. With his experience in the technology industry as a global executive leader and technologist, including co-founding and serving as Chief Executive Officer and Chair of DevRev, Inc. and Nutanix and as a software engineer at various companies over the course of nearly 20 years, Mr. Pandey brings to the Board engineering expertise, experience co-founding and leading an AI-native company, financial acumen, an in-depth understanding of the technology landscape and valuable insight on growing a company from a start-up to a publicly traded company. Other Public Company Boards : Nutanix (Chair 2009 to 2020) David Ricks DIRECTOR SINCE 2018 INDEPENDENT Executive Compensation Committee Mr. Ricks, 58, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Eli Lilly and Company, a pharmaceutical company ( Eli Lilly ), since January 2017 and as Chair of the board of directors of Eli Lilly since June 2017. From 2012 to 2016, Mr. Ricks served as Senior Vice President and President of Lilly Bio-Medicines. From 2009 to 2012, Mr. Ricks served as President of Lilly USA, LLC, Eli Lilly s largest affiliate. Mr. Ricks served as President and General Manager of Lilly China, operating in one of the world s fastest-growing emerging markets, from 2008 to 2009. Mr. Ricks served as general manager of Lilly Canada from 2005 to 2008, after roles as Director of Pharmaceutical Marketing and National Sales Director in Canada. Mr. Ricks joined Eli Lilly in 1996 as a Business Development Associate and held several management roles in U.S. marketing and sales before moving to Lilly Canada. Mr. Ricks earned a B.S. from Purdue University in 1990 and an M.B.A. from Indiana University in 1996. As Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer of a large, innovation-focused, global company, Mr. Ricks brings to the Board executive leadership, marketing, sales and financial expertise, business acumen, relevant worldwide operational insight, and experience deploying AI throughout Eli Lilly's business and operations. Other Public Company Boards : Eli Lilly and Company (Chair) Our Directors | 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents Daniel Rosensweig DIRECTOR SINCE 2009 INDEPENDENT Governance and Sustainability Committee Mr. Rosensweig, 64, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Chegg, Inc. ("Chegg"), an online textbook rental company, since October 2025 and Co-Chair of the board of directors of Chegg since June 2018. Mr. Rosensweig's previous roles at Chegg include Executive Chair from June 2024 to October 2025, President and Chief Executive Officer from February 2010 to June 2024 and Chair of the board of directors from March 2010 to July 2018. From 2009 to February 2010, Mr. Rosensweig served as President and Chief Executive Officer of RedOctane, a business unit of Activision Publishing, Inc., a developer, publisher and distributor of interactive entertainment and leisure products. Prior to joining RedOctane in March 2009, Mr. Rosensweig was an Operating Principal at the Quadrangle Group LLC, a private investment firm. Prior to joining the Quadrangle Group in August 2007, Mr. Rosensweig served as Chief Operating Officer of Yahoo! Inc., a global internet company, which he joined in April 2002. Prior to joining Yahoo!, Mr. Rosensweig was President of CNET Networks, Inc., an interactive media company, which he joined in October 2000. Mr. Rosensweig served for 18 years with Ziff-Davis, LLC, an integrated media and marketing services company, including roles as President and Chief Executive Officer of its subsidiary ZDNet, from 1997 until 2000 when ZDNet was acquired by CNET. Mr. Rosensweig holds a B.A. in Political Science from Hobart College. As a result of his current and former executive positions at Chegg, as well as his former positions as a senior executive at global media and technology organizations, Mr. Rosensweig provides the Board with extensive and relevant executive leadership, worldwide operations and technology industry experience, as well as experience deploying AI throughout Chegg s business and operations. Other Public Company Boards : Chegg, Inc. (Co-Chair), Rent the Runway Inc. 26 Table of Contents Director Compensation for Fiscal Year 2025 The following table sets forth information with respect to compensation awarded to, paid to or earned by each of Adobe s non-employee directors during fiscal year 2025. As an employee director, Mr. Narayen does not receive compensation for service as a director. No stock options were granted to any directors during fiscal year 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) ($) Stock Awards (2)(3) ($) Total ($) Cristiano Amon 75,000 314,919 389,919 Amy Banse 105,000 314,919 419,919 Brett Biggs (4) 31,649 31,649 Melanie Boulden 75,000 314,919 389,919 Frank Calderoni 145,000 314,919 459,919 Laura Desmond (5) 78,036 314,919 392,955 Spencer Neumann 80,000 314,919 394,919 Kathleen Oberg 115,000 314,919 429,919 Dheeraj Pandey 80,000 314,919 394,919 David Ricks 75,000 314,919 389,919 Daniel Rosensweig 70,000 314,919 384,919 _________________________ (1) Director fees were paid at the end of the quarter for which services were provided. Messrs. Amon, Calderoni and Neumann and Mses. Boulden and Desmond each elected to defer all cash fees pursuant to Adobe s Deferred Compensation Plan. For more information on this plan, see the section titled Deferred Compensation Plan below. (2) These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value realized by the director for these awards. In accordance with SEC rules, this column reflects the grant date fair value computed in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ( FASB ASC Topic 718 ), disregarding estimates of forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. The grant date fair values of RSU awards are calculated based on the closing stock price of our common stock on the date of grant. Stock awards granted to non-employee directors during fiscal year 2025 were in accordance with the terms of the Board s Fiscal Year 2025 and Fiscal Year 2026 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (the FY 2025 and FY 2026 Director Compensation Policy ) described below. Messrs. Amon, Calderoni, Neumann and Rosensweig and Mses. Banse and Boulden each elected to defer 100% of their RSUs granted on April 22, 2025 pursuant to Adobe s Deferred Compensation Plan. For more information on this plan, see the section titled Deferred Compensation Plan below. (3) On April 22, 2025, each non-employee director then-serving on the Board received an annual grant of 900 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $349.91 per share. As of 2025 fiscal year end, each non-employee director then-serving held a total of 900 unvested and outstanding RSUs. (4) In fiscal year 2025, Mr. Biggs did not receive an RSU award because he did not stand for re-election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. The amount reported under the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column reflects the prorated portion of his retainer for service on the Board and as a member of the Audit Committee. (5) As Ms. Desmond stepped down from the Executive Compensation Committee and joined the Audit Committee effective as of the 2025 Annual Meeting, the amount reported under the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column reflects the prorated portion of her retainer for service on each committee, as applicable. Compensation Philosophy The general philosophy of our Board is that compensation for non-employee directors should be a mix of cash, payable quarterly, and equity-based compensation to attract and retain highly qualified directors and compensate them for a Director Compensation | 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents year of service in fulfilling their responsibilities. Adobe does not compensate its management director (our CEO) for Board service in addition to his regular employee compensation. Decisions regarding the non-employee director compensation program are approved by our full Board every two years based on recommendations by the Executive Compensation Committee, which reviews the total compensation of our non-employee directors and each element of our non-employee director compensation program. The Executive Compensation Committee considers advice from its independent compensation consultant, Compensia, Inc. ( Compensia ), when appropriate, including consideration of director compensation levels, practices and design features of peer companies used to evaluate executive compensation. The peer companies included in this analysis are the same peer companies set forth in the section titled Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation-Setting Governance and Process The Role of Peer Companies. On a per-director basis, our cash compensation for non-employee directors is targeted near the peer median and our equity compensation for non-employee directors is targeted within the peer 50 th to 75 th percentile range. The Executive Compensation Committee also considers the extent to which our Board compensation practices align with the interests of our stockholders. Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Under the FY 2025 and FY 2026 Director Compensation Policy, in fiscal year 2025, each non-employee director was eligible to receive an annual retainer of $60,000, plus annual committee fees for each committee on which he or she served, as set forth below, and our Lead Director was eligible to receive an additional Lead Director annual retainer of $60,000. Committee Fees Committee Chair ($) Members ($) Audit 45,000 20,000 Executive Compensation 35,000 15,000 Governance and Sustainability 25,000 10,000 The fiscal years 2025 and 2026 cash retainers are the same as the prior two fiscal years, other than the annual retainers for committee chairs, which increased: (i) for the Audit Committee Chair, from $40,000 to $45,000; (ii) for the Executive Compensation Committee Chair, from $30,000 to $35,000; and (iii) for the Governance and Sustainability Committee Chair, from $20,000 to $25,000, to better align with peer companies. Equity Awards The FY 2025 and FY 2026 Director Compensation Policy includes an annual grant of RSUs to the non-employee directors. The RSUs granted to each non-employee director will vest 100% on the day of our next annual meeting of stockholders following the grant date, subject to each non-employee director s continued service on such date. As disclosed in our 2025 proxy statement, for fiscal years 2025 and 2026, the annual equity award was increased by $15,000 to $330,000 (based on the estimated value on the grant date) to align better with peer market practices and, consistent with prior years, was converted into a number of RSUs based on the average closing stock price over the 30 calendar days ending the day prior to the grant date. New non-employee directors joining our Board between annual meetings receive a prorated annual grant of RSUs that vests 100% on the day of our next annual meeting of stockholders following the grant date. Non-employee directors receive no other equity compensation. If a non-employee director s service terminates due to death or disability, the non-employee director s RSUs will become fully vested. In the event of a change of control, any unvested RSUs will become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the change of control, subject to the consummation of the change of control. Deferred Compensation Plan We maintain an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ), which allows our non-employee directors to defer from 5% up to 100% of their cash compensation, which amounts are deemed invested in the investment funds selected by the director from the same fund options that are generally available in Adobe s Section 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan (the 401(k) Plan ) (other than the individual direct brokerage account and Retirement Savings Trust). Participants may also contribute 100% of their RSU awards. Deferred Compensation Plan participants must elect irrevocably to receive the deferred funds on a specified date at least three years in the future or at 28 Table of Contents termination of service in the form of a lump sum or annual installments subject to the terms of the plan. Payments of equity deferrals may only be made in the form of a lump sum. Messrs. Amon, Calderoni and Neumann and Mses. Boulden and Desmond participated in the Deferred Compensation Plan with respect to 100% of their respective retainers and committee fees for their services in fiscal year 2025. Messrs. Amon, Calderoni, Neumann and Rosensweig and Mses. Banse and Boulden elected to defer 100% of their annual RSU awards granted on April 22, 2025. See the section titled Executive Compensation Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in Fiscal Year 2025 in this proxy statement for more information regarding our Deferred Compensation Plan. Expenses We reimburse our non-employee directors for their reasonable travel and related expenses in connection with attending Board and committee meetings, as well as costs and expenses incurred in attending director education programs and other Adobe-related seminars and conferences. Stock Ownership Guidelines We have adopted above-market stock ownership guidelines for the non-employee members of our Board to reinforce their alignment with long-term stockholder perspectives. Under these guidelines, each non-employee director must hold 50% of the net shares acquired from Adobe (the Net Share Retention Requirement ) until the total number of shares held by such non-employee director equals or exceeds (and continues to equal or exceed) the minimum share ownership requirement. Determined annually, the minimum share ownership for a non-employee director is calculated as follows: shares required to equal a value of ten times the annual Board service cash retainer divided by the average daily closing share price for the 30 calendar days ending on December 31. Once achieved (following all permissible dispositions under the guidelines), this minimum share value ownership threshold must be maintained throughout the year going forward. The stock ownership guidelines also provide that if a covered individual ceases to be in compliance with the target ownership levels described above due to sales under a pre-established Rule 10b5-1 plan that occur after an annual assessment that results in an increase to the target ownership levels, they will not be considered out of compliance with these guidelines, but thereafter will be subject to the Net Share Retention Requirement with respect to any other sales of shares until the minimum share ownership requirement is once again achieved (the Rule 10b5-1 Plan Exception ). Shares that count toward the ownership requirement include: shares owned outright or otherwise beneficially owned; shares purchased in the open market or inherited; shares acquired through our employee stock purchase plan; vested restricted stock; vested RSUs, performance shares and performance units, including such shares or units that have been deferred into our Deferred Compensation Plan; and shares issued from the exercise of vested options. As of November 28, 2025, each of our non-employee directors was in compliance with these guidelines. Director Compensation | 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis 31 Highlights of Executive Compensation Programs 31 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 36 Fiscal Year 202 5 Compensation Programs Design 36 Fiscal Year 202 5 Compensation Decisions and Results 43 Other Benefits, Programs and Policies 49 Compensation-Setting Governance and Process 53 Compensation Risk Assessment 55 Accounting and Tax Considerations 56 Report of the Executive Compensation Committee 58 Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Years 2025, 2024 and 2023 59 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 202 5 60 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year 202 5 End 63 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 202 5 64 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in Fiscal Year 202 5 65 Change of Control and Severance 65 CEO Pay Ratio 69 Pay Versus Performance 70 30 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information regarding our executive compensation programs during fiscal year 2025 for the following executive officers of Adobe: Shantanu Narayen Daniel Durn Anil Chakravarthy David Wadhwani Louise Pentland Chair of the Board and CEO CFO and Executive Vice President, Finance, Technology, Security and Operations President, Customer Experience Orchestration Business (1) President, Creativity and Productivity Business (1) Chief Legal Officer and Executive Vice President, Legal and Government Relations ________________________ (1) During fiscal year 2025 and until January 2026, Mr. Chakravarthy served as President, Digital Experience Business and Mr. Wadhwani served as President, Digital Media Business. In January 2026, Mr. Chakravarthy was named President, Customer Experience Orchestration Business and Mr. Wadhwani was named President, Creativity and Productivity Business. These executive officers are referred to in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis and in the accompanying compensation tables as our NEOs. This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of our executive compensation programs for our executive officers during fiscal year 2025. It also provides an overview of our executive compensation philosophy, including our principal compensation programs. Finally, it analyzes how and why the Executive Compensation Committee of our Board (the Committee ) made its compensation decisions for our executive officers, including our NEOs, in fiscal year 2025. For a summary of our fiscal year 2025 financial performance and business highlights, see the section titled Proxy Summary Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Highlights. Highlights of Executive Compensation Programs Our executive compensation programs are designed by the Committee to directly tie the amounts realized under our incentive compensation programs by our executive officers to the achievement of our key strategic performance objectives, returns to our stockholders and the creation of sustainable long-term financial value. Over the years, we have evolved our executive compensation programs while maintaining a compensation philosophy aimed at achieving strong alignment between our long-term strategic goals and our stockholders interests. Our fiscal year 2025 compensation programs continued to reflect this philosophy, and the incentive compensation earned by our NEOs reflected our business achievements. The Committee believes that our NEOs fiscal year 2025 compensation opportunities are commensurate with our size and performance, the breadth of their roles and responsibilities and their strong leadership aligned with driving our strategy and stockholder value, and are competitively necessary in the environment in which we operate and compete for top executive talent. Continued Strong Emphasis on Pay for Performance Target Total Direct Compensation Continues to Be Highly Performance-Based and At-Risk Our pay for performance philosophy is reflected in the pie charts below, which depict the composition of our CEO and the average of our other NEOs fiscal year 2025 target total direct compensation ( TDC ). Our CEO s target TDC is approximately 70% performance-based and approximately 97% at-risk and all other NEOs (excluding Ms. Pentland) average target TDC is approximately 63% performance-based and approximately 95% at-risk. Executive Compensation | 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents CEO and All Other NEOs Target Pay Mix for Fiscal Year 2025 (1)(2) ________________________ (1) The amounts shown for all other NEOs represent their average target pay mix. The mechanism for calculating target equity award values is described in detail in the section titled Equity Incentives Equity Compensation Mix. For the actual grant date fair value of equity awards, computed in accordance with stock-based compensation accounting principles, please see the section titled Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Years 2025 , 2024 and 2023 as well as the related discussion about the calculation of such amounts set forth below under the sections titled Equity Incentives Target Values and Grants in Fiscal Year 2025 and Accounting and Tax Considerations. (2) The target pay mix for All Other NEOs excludes Ms. Pentland, who joined Adobe in May 2025 and received a new hire equity award of RSUs for fiscal year 2025. CEO Compensation Our CEO s fiscal year 2025 compensation continues to emphasize pay for performance with: Over 90% of target TDC continuing to be comprised of long-term equity awards; and A substantial percentage (70%) of the long-term equity awards mix continuing to be performance-based awards, with the remainder (30%) continuing to be time-based RSUs vesting ratably over four years, to maintain the heavier performance-based weighting the Committee has implemented over time to further strengthen alignment between our CEO s pay outcomes and the Company s long-term performance. Equity and Cash Incentive Programs Tied to Rigorous Targets Consistent with our pay for performance philosophy and informed by our ongoing stockholder engagements, we continue to establish ch