=== ADBE_2026-01-15.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this report and elsewhere herein. The risks described herein and in Adobe s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to be filed in fiscal 2026, should be carefully reviewed. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking financial information set forth in this report, which reflects estimates based on information available as of the date of this report. Adobe assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update these forward-looking statements. Adobe, Acrobat, Photoshop, Adobe Firefly, Adobe GenStudio and other trademarks of ours appearing in this report are our property. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW Adobe s mission is to empower everyone to create. We build innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. For over four decades, our innovations have transformed how people everywhere engage across all types of media. Adobe s solutions are the foundation of digital experiences, starting with the first creative spark, to the creation and development of all content and media, to the personalized delivery across every channel. Our focus revolves around serving our customer audiences: business professionals, consumers, creators, creative professionals and marketing professionals. The massive opportunity and evolving role of creativity across roles and industries have driven Adobe s growth over the past four decades and are expected to continue to drive our growth going forward as we evolve our solutions and routes to market to anticipate the growing needs of our customers. In the artificial intelligence ( AI ) era, we are harnessing the power of AI across our solutions by bringing together our commercially safe first-party and leading partner AI models best suited for the job; deploying conversational and agentic capabilities across offerings; ensuring ubiquity on all surfaces; delivering trusted and secure solutions; and expanding our global presence. Adobe s value proposition is to empower creative expression across multiple media types and channels, at scale, in a collaborative and secure environment, with an end-to-end integrated platform spanning ideation, creation, production and activation. We power the entire content workflow with Adobe s AI platform, which offers customers brand safety, compliance, intellectual property protection, and reliability. STRATEGY OPPORTUNITY Adobe s strategy is to empower our customer audiences business professionals, consumers, creators, creative professionals and marketing professionals to be more creative, productive and successful. Underpinning our customer-focused solutions is our AI strategy and Adobe s AI platform. As a technology leader that unleashes creativity, productivity and customer experience orchestration, we deliver end-to-end professional creative and marketing solutions. We support our customers to transform the way they connect with their customers and bring creativity and marketing together in new and powerful ways through a connected ecosystem of tools, agents and workflows. We are scaling differentiated digital and enterprise routes to market and automated workflows to expand our brand value and global reach. Customer Groups Strategy We drive our strategy through customer-specific product innovation and go-to-market motions focused on two customer groups: Business Professionals Consumers and Creative Marketing Professionals. We continue to focus on several key 3 Table of Contents growth drivers among our customer groups. This includes expanding relationships and engagement with existing customers, driving new customer adoption, delivering value-driven and innovative solutions in new categories across desktop, web and mobile, and increasing our geographic reach. We continue to scale our digital and enterprise routes to market as well as our extensive partner ecosystem to expand our addressable market and deliver on our strategy. Business Professionals Consumers Creativity and productivity are merging and changing how everyone communicates digitally. Business professionals and consumers seek intuitive, all-in-one solutions that seamlessly integrate creativity and productivity across web and mobile. They require tools to digest and gain insights from vast amounts of information and data. They value ease of use, enabled by freemium models that provide accessible entry points to powerful tools that span document consumption and content creation. AI-powered features and conversational interfaces are increasingly replacing traditional templates, offering dynamic and personalized workflows that enhance efficiency. For Business Professionals Consumers, we are democratizing productivity and creativity with AI-driven, quick and easy applications ( apps ) that enable users to be creative and productive whether consuming or generating content across multiple media types and channels. With Acrobat Studio, which brings together Adobe Acrobat and Express to deliver more product value, we are evolving Acrobat from a leading document productivity app to an integrated destination for people to get insights faster, create standout content and collaborate more seamlessly. Our Acrobat solutions, from our freemium Acrobat Reader to Acrobat AI Assistant to our AI-powered productivity and creativity destination, Acrobat Studio, facilitate frictionless onboarding and scaled reach in serving the billions of potential users in this customer group. Creative Marketing Professionals Creators and creative professionals need AI-driven solutions that provide power and precision from ideation and creation to production and delivery. They want a powerful destination for creative expression and access to leading AI models. They require seamless collaboration capabilities, powerful ideation tools, conversational and agentic AI solutions and flexible access to web, mobile, and desktop applications to meet the growing demand for high-quality, personalized content in a fast-paced digital economy. As AI fundamentally transforms content production, distribution and monetization, our solutions accelerate creative expression for creators and creative professionals and enable anyone to create by using the AI functionality infused in our flagship creative applications as well as our AI-first solutions. We offer an end-to-end, ideation-to-creation platform powered by our commercially safe Firefly models and an expansive partner model ecosystem, offering customers choice and flexibility without the friction of switching between workflows and platforms. Marketing professionals require AI-driven solutions that enable them to create, manage and optimize personalized digital experiences at scale and to enhance brand visibility across the content supply chain. They need agility, self-service capabilities, and integrated workflows to collaborate effectively with creative teams and agencies and meet the increasing demand for compelling content. For marketing professionals, we unify creative production and marketing execution with comprehensive content supply chain solutions that deliver end-to-end customer experience orchestration solutions, automate workflows and personalize experiences and engagement at scale across channels. Centered around Adobe Experience Platform and apps and Adobe GenStudio, our offerings streamline the content supply chain and deliver agile, self-service capabilities and integrated workflows to collaborate effectively and efficiently produce high volumes of on-brand, personalized content to strengthen brand visibility. Our competitive differentiation comes from the increased value we provide customers by integrating the Adobe Experience Platform with our comprehensive set of solutions and embedding AI into our portfolio of solutions, such as Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant. Adobe Experience Platform is a customer data platform that serves as a foundation in enterprises for digital customer engagement and brings together AI-powered apps and agents to efficiently drive engagement and loyalty. Through AI-powered features and AI agents, our solutions enable businesses to provide real-time orchestration of customer journeys and help marketers deliver impactful, data-driven campaigns while optimizing return on investment. Our innovations empower our customers to use their first-party customer data and deliver more relevant, high-impact advertising experiences rooted in direct consumer and business relationships. Creative and marketing professionals have increasingly interconnected objectives and workflows in the content lifecycle. Creative professionals produce high-quality content, while marketing professionals leverage this content to deliver personalized, data-driven digital experiences at scale. Adobe s integrated solutions, such as GenStudio and Firefly Services, bridge the gap between content creation and marketing execution, enabling seamless collaboration and efficiency across these roles. This unified approach reflects Adobe s strategy to address the entire content lifecycle from ideation to activation ensuring alignment, scalability, and value for both creative and marketing functions. 4 Table of Contents AI Strategy AI represents a generational opportunity to serve an increasingly large and diverse customer universe. Adobe s approach to AI is rooted in the belief that creativity is a uniquely human trait and that AI has the power to assist and amplify human ingenuity and enhance productivity. Adobe s AI leadership builds on our expertise across core creative categories like imaging, design, illustration and video as well as digital documents and digital experiences. Over the past several years, we have incorporated AI into our solutions and delivered hundreds of AI capabilities to enable customers to create, work and collaborate more efficiently. To address our customers need for a holistic approach for their productivity, creativity and marketing needs, Adobe s strategy infuses AI across our apps, embeds purpose-built agents in our applications, provides choice of models and harnesses our unique data assets to deliver comprehensive and easy-to-use solutions. Applications and Interfaces . Adobe s AI platform powers the applications and interfaces that customers use every day across their creative, productivity and marketing workflows by bringing together innovations across agents, models and data. These integrations increase the value that our product portfolio delivers to customers with a unified experience across our solutions. We drive higher customer engagement and retention by enhancing our existing solutions and infusing AI in our core applications and launching AI-first applications. Agent Orchestration. We use our unique data assets to design and implement AI agents that generate insights and content, make recommendations and optimize engagement and customer experience outcomes across our product portfolio. We are building agents on the Adobe Experience Platform, informed by our deep understanding of our customers needs and the complexity of delivering content at scale, to redefine and simplify the future of customer connection by automating decision-making, optimizing workflows and enabling real-time orchestration of content, data and journeys. We offer AI assistants powered by agents that unlock creativity and allow for conversational creation and editing. Our agents and agentic solutions in our Acrobat offerings streamline workflows, drive efficiency, unlock productivity and accelerate time to value. Our agents and agentic solutions are expanding our user base across our customer groups by reducing the need for traditional onboarding and training to unlock the value of AI solutions. Models. In the rapidly evolving AI landscape, where each generative AI model has its own strength, we offer customers flexibility to use the model of their choice directly within certain Adobe solutions to best serve their needs. Adobe Models: We build our own creativity-focused, commercially safe Firefly foundation models for generation and editing across categories. Partner Models: We partner with an extensive ecosystem of third-party models across categories. Within certain applications, customers can choose from our Adobe Firefly models and partner models to meet their creativity, productivity and marketing needs. Our focus on controllability is designed to align with our customer s creative intent, allowing for preferred input, customization, precise refinement, iterative control and seamless integration across our apps. Customized Models: We offer the ability for individuals and enterprises to train Firefly generative AI models tailored to their specific requirements with their own assets. Data. As AI continues to change content creation, our customers, particularly creators and enterprises, increasingly require responsible, secure and human-centered AI solutions. In developing our Firefly foundation models, we responsibly harness our unique data assets and help our customers amplify the value of their first-party data. Adobe leverages a rich dataset sourced from licensed content and public domain assets to train our Firefly generative AI models that are commercially safe for our customers. This approach respects creator rights and builds trust among enterprise customers, enabling them to confidently use AI-generated outputs in production workflows. We also work with our customers to help them manage, gain insights from and unlock the power of their first-party data and assets, and build customized models and solutions using such data and assets stored in our applications, systems, and through connections to other business applications. COMPETITION We participate in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment where our competitors include companies of various sizes and both public and private companies, including large, global companies and smaller companies with more specialized focuses, new entrants, and AI or cloud-native companies. We compete with software companies, AI companies, hardware manufacturers, operating system developers, and social media companies across our business. The markets for our solutions are characterized by rapid technological innovation, new industry standards, evolving distribution and sales models, limited barriers to entry, short product lifecycles, customer price sensitivity, global economic conditions and the frequent entry of new solutions or competitors. Our future success will depend on our ability to effectively appeal to customers and accurately predict and meet changing customer needs by enhancing our existing solutions and introducing new ones in a timely and cost-effective manner. We need to anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods, and other technological changes. 5 Table of Contents Our solutions for business professionals and consumers face broad competition from productivity tools and consumer-focused creative tools including general productivity platforms and apps, web- and mobile-first design platforms, an array of easy-to-use desktop, web and mobile content creation apps, AI-first creativity and productivity tools, presentation tools, and social media platforms that offer built-in media editing capabilities. Our solutions for creators and creative professionals face broad competition from both established and emerging players including professional tools and suites for imaging, video, design, 3D, and other creative tasks, purpose-built mobile apps, AI-first creative tools, as well as creative tools integrated into broader desktop, web, and mobile applications. Our solutions for marketing professionals face broad competition from large, established enterprise software and cloud companies, point solutions from smaller, specialized companies, new companies constantly entering the digital experience space as well as business internally developed apps. Key competitive factors in this environment include proven performance, security, scalability, flexibility, and reliability of the platform; breadth of functionality strategic integrations with third parties; cost-effective benefits; enterprise-level service training; and ability to integrate across business workflows. Adobe continues to build on its strong foundation of research and development, transformative innovation, category and brand leadership and world-class financial discipline. We deliver Adobe magic to an expanding set of global customers and are executing on the opportunity ahead. We are a trusted partner to companies of all sizes who look to our integrated ecosystems and connected workflows across creativity, productivity, and marketing to stand out and grow their brands. See the section titled Risk Factors contained in Part I , Item 1A of this report for additional information regarding risks related to competition. PRINCIPAL SOLUTIONS Business Professionals Consumers Acrobat Solutions Acrobat is our family of productivity solutions that allows users to consume, edit, sign, and create documents across platforms and surfaces, and better understand the information within them. Our Adobe Acrobat solutions are available on desktop, mobile, and the web with Acrobat Studio, Acrobat Pro, Acrobat Standard tiered plans, and for free with Adobe Acrobat Reader. Acrobat AI Assistant, our generative AI-powered conversational engine, gives users the power to work more productively with their PDFs by summarizing and answering questions about documents, providing intelligent citations and quickly generating and formatting content for sharing. Acrobat AI Assistant is available in Acrobat Studio and offered as an add-on to Acrobat Pro, Acrobat Standard and Acrobat Reader. Acrobat Studio Acrobat Studio is an all-in-one platform for productivity and creation that unites Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Express and AI agents to enable people to quickly, easily and intuitively work. Users can gain insights with specialized AI assistants, create interactive workspaces with PDF Spaces, and transform content using Adobe Express all in one place. Acrobat Studio integrates Acrobat s AI capabilities with its PDF features. PDF Spaces turns collections of files and websites into sharable, conversational knowledge hubs with personalized AI Assistants, transforming PDFs from static files into a dynamic environment for uncovering insights, generating ideas, surfacing recommendations, and synthesizing information. Adobe Express creation capabilities, trusted PDF tools and agentic AI make it easy to create, edit and share documents and visual content in the same place. Adobe Acrobat Adobe Acrobat is our comprehensive PDF solution with a full set of tools to convert, edit, share and sign PDFs across various surfaces and platforms. Acrobat enables automated, collaborative workflows with a rich set of commenting, editing and sharing tools and direct integration with Adobe Acrobat Sign. With the Acrobat Standard plan, subscribers can convert, edit, request signatures, and protect PDFs. The Acrobat Pro plan offers additional advanced PDF features. Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Acrobat Reader, our free software for reliable viewing, annotating and printing of PDF documents on a variety of surfaces and platforms, offers features to create, edit, export, combine, share and collaborate on PDF documents, including the Liquid Mode feature that automatically reformats PDFs for quick navigation and consumption on mobile devices. 6 Table of Contents Adobe Express Adobe Express is our all-in-one AI content creation app for users of any level, such as novice content creators and communicators, to easily create video, marketing, and social content. Users can easily design high-impact design elements, engaging videos and images, resumes, PDFs, animation and content ready for social media channels and platforms. Adobe Express integrates with other Adobe solutions allowing customers to accelerate, streamline and scale on-brand content creation. Creative Marketing Professionals Adobe Creative Cloud Pro Adobe Creative Cloud Pro is a cloud-based subscription to an ecosystem of apps that enables creative professionals and enthusiasts alike to express themselves and collaborate with apps and services for photography, design, video, social media, and more that connect across surfaces, platforms and geographies. Subscribers have access to cloud storage to easily sync, access, collaborate and share their work, files and assets. Creative Cloud Pro includes the Adobe Firefly web app, the premium version of Adobe Express, and AI-powered features natively integrated throughout Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Premiere Pro. All apps listed below and many more are available through subscriptions to Creative Cloud Pro (except Substance 3D Apps, which are sold separately through the Adobe Substance 3D Collection plan), and many of our apps are also available as standalone subscriptions on Adobe.com. Adobe Photoshop and Lightroom Adobe Photoshop is the world s most advanced digital imaging and design app, with powerful editing and effects tools to transform photos. Adobe Lightroom is our cloud-based photo app that allows subscribers to edit, organize, store and share photos across desktop, tablet, mobile devices and the web. In addition to individual subscriptions to Photoshop and Lightroom, we offer a Photography Plan for photographers and photo enthusiasts and includes Photoshop, Lightroom and Lightroom Classic. Adobe Illustrator Adobe Illustrator is our industry-standard vector graphics app used worldwide by designers of all types who want to create digital graphics and illustrations for all kinds of media print, web, interactive, video and mobile from web and mobile graphics to product packaging to book illustrations and billboards. Adobe Premiere Pro Adobe Premiere Pro is a nonlinear video editing app used by filmmakers, TV editors, YouTubers and videographers. Our customers can import and combine various types of media, from video shot on a mobile device to 8K to virtual reality, and then edit in its native format without transcoding. Automated tools and workflows for color, graphics, audio and immersive 360/VR make the editing process more efficient. Adobe After Effects Adobe After Effects is our industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects app used by a wide variety of animators, designers and compositors to create cinematic movie titles, add effects and create animations. After Effects works together seamlessly with other Adobe solutions as well as third party software and hardware partners. Adobe Substance 3D Collection Adobe Substance 3D is an ecosystem of apps, including Substance 3D Stager, Substance 3D Painter, Substance 3D Sampler, Substance 3D Assets and Substance 3D Modeler. Our customers can build and assemble 3D scenes with Stager, use tools in Painter to texture 3D assets and use Sampler to digitize and enrich assets. Substance 3D Assets is a 3D materials library from which users can import professional quality 3D textures into their projects and generate infinite texture variations. Substance 3D Modeler, which is available on desktop and certain VR headsets, interprets spatial input from the physical world, allowing the user to sculpt a model as if in a real workshop, using natural, fluid gestures of the artistic flow, and switch between VR and desktop, at every project stage. Adobe Stock Adobe Stock provides designers and businesses with access to millions of high-quality, curated, royalty-free photos, vectors, illustrations, videos, templates, audio and 3D assets, for all their creative projects. Adobe Stock is built into our apps, 7 Table of Contents including Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Express, enabling users to search, browse and add assets to their Creative Cloud Libraries and instantly access them across all connected surfaces. Adobe Stock assets include free and paid collections and may be licensed directly within Adobe s apps, through stock.adobe.com or as a multi-asset subscription. Adobe Firefly Solutions Adobe Firefly is Adobe s family of creative generative AI models that span image, video, vector, audio, and more. The Firefly family of models are infused across Adobe s solutions and powering new solutions that enhance creativity, marketing and productivity workflows for our customers. Through natural language, reference assets, and intuitive interactions, users can create and edit images, videos, text effects, design templates, vector graphics, and audio. Firefly models are commercially safe. They are trained on data Adobe has the rights to use. Every asset generated with Firefly includes Content Credentials, a digital nutrition label , to indicate that generative AI was used, bringing more trust and transparency to digital content. In addition, with certain of our enterprise and teams solutions, businesses are eligible to obtain an intellectual property indemnification for AI content generated by most Firefly-powered workflows. Adobe Firefly solutions are available in tiered subscription plans: Firefly Standard, Firefly Pro and Firefly Premium. Adobe Firefly App Adobe s Firefly app is an AI-powered creative space for content ideation, creation and production. The Firefly app includes access to an expansive partner model ecosystem as well as all of Adobe s AI Firefly models to allow users to generate images, video, vectors, audio and more from a single place, iterate on their creations across Adobe s creative apps and seamlessly deliver them into production. Adobe Firefly Custom Models Firefly Custom Models enable quick content creation that is on-brand or in an artists own aesthetic style through Firefly generative AI image models that are trained with an enterprise s brand content or an artist s own person assets. Adobe Firefly Foundry Firefly Foundry enables enterprises to create deeply-tuned, customized Firefly generative AI models based on their intellectual property, product and brand styles with the support of Adobe scientists and engineers, across a wide variety of use cases. Adobe Firefly Services Firefly Services, available for enterprises, provides enterprises with APIs, tools and services for content generation, editing and assembly, to automate the production of content while maintaining quality and control. Adobe GenStudio Adobe GenStudio is an end-to-end, content supply chain solution for ideation, creation, production, activation, delivery, asset management, analytics and insights. It seamlessly brings together Adobe solutions and has integrations with third-party platforms, making it a powerful, connected solution for enterprise content operations. Adobe solutions offered within Adobe GenStudio include Adobe Experience Manager Assets, Adobe Workfront, Firefly Services and Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing, a generative AI-first solution that enables marketing teams to use generative AI to quickly create, deliver and optimize on-brand digital experiences to their customers, while allowing brand and creative teams to retain oversight and strategic direction with brand guardrails. Adobe Experience Platform Adobe Experience Platform is a purpose-built platform for customer experience orchestration that helps businesses collect, connect and activate their known and unknown customer data from every interaction across sources and channels in real time to create unified customer profiles. Adobe Experience Platform standardizes data for intelligence and profile creation and provides an open and extensible cloud infrastructure, real-time updates, and AI-driven insights and scalability. Our customers can leverage Adobe Experience Platform to activate AI-driven insights across apps such as Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform, Adobe Customer Journey Analytics and Adobe Journey Optimizer. Additionally, Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant is a conversational experience that enables creative and marketing professionals to use generative AI and agentic AI capabilities to enhance productivity, improve product mastery and accelerate their workflow efficiency. 8 Table of Contents Adobe Agent Orchestrator Adobe Experience Platform Agent Orchestrator is the technology underpinning Adobe s agentic framework, powering the ability to understand context, retrieve precise information, plan multi-step actions, drive intelligent automation, refine responses, and automate key workflows. Agent Orchestrator is designed to leverage rich data, content, and knowledge from Adobe Experience Platform to power functional agents for customer experience orchestration that accelerate tasks, make decisions, and act as a talent multiplier for customers focused on driving business growth through personalization at scale. Adobe Brand Concierge Adobe Brand Concierge is an AI-powered solution that helps enterprises configure and manage AI agents and deliver personalized, immersive and conversational experiences for their customers. Adobe Analytics and Adobe Customer Journey Analytics Adobe Analytics helps our customers create a holistic view of their business by turning their customer interactions into actionable insights. Driven by AI and machine learning, Adobe Analytics collects, organizes and structures vast streams of data from virtually any channel, including streaming web data, to deliver real-time insights that are easy for our customers to process, analyze and share to quickly identify problems and opportunities and to drive conversion and relevant customer experiences. Adobe Customer Journey Analytics brings a powerful set of analytics tools that allow our customers to interactively explore and visualize the end-to-end customer journey across multiple channels and utilize AI-powered insights, while making such analytics more accessible across their organization, to ensure that customer journeys flow seamlessly regardless of channel. Adobe Mix Modeler Adobe Mix Modeler is an AI-powered marketing measurement and planning solution that unifies marketing mix modeling and multi-touch attribution into a single methodology. It helps organizations quantify the incremental impact of paid, earned, and owned channels, optimize budget allocation, and simulate future outcomes using predictive analytics. Mix Modeler delivers consistent, actionable insights across all touchpoints in a single app. Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform is an app service that delivers real-time personalization at scale to enable our customers to bring together and securely collaborate on their first-party customer data to activate in real-time their customer and account profiles that allow for B2B and B2C marketers to deliver timely, relevant experiences across channels. Real-Time Customer Data Platform utilizes an open and extensible architecture that allows integration with a variety of data sources and activation touchpoints and provides continuous data refreshes to keep their customer profiles updated in near real time. Adobe Experience Manager Adobe Experience Manager combines digital asset management with a content management system and an end-to-end digital document solution. Adobe Experience Manager Sites provides a content management and optimization system built on a scalable, cloud-native foundation to create and deploy personalized experiences across web, mobile and apps. Adobe Experience Manager Assets offers cloud-native digital asset management to create, manage, deliver and optimize personalized experiences at scale. Adobe Experience Manager Forms provides a cloud-native and scalable solution for personalized end-to-end digital customer onboarding and enrollment, enabling our customers to create, manage, publish and approve forms and documents. Adobe LLM Optimizer Adobe LLM Optimizer is a generative engine optimization solution, helping enterprises improve brand visibility and discoverability across AI-powered search and discovery while providing actionable insights. Adobe Commerce Adobe Commerce offers a highly customizable, end-to-end e-commerce platform to manage, personalize and optimize the commerce experience for physical and digital goods across every touchpoint by bringing together digital commerce, order management and predictive intelligence to enable engaging shopping experiences across B2B, B2C and direct-to-consumer. Based on an open-source ecosystem with thousands of third-party extensions, Adobe Commerce extends beyond the online 9 Table of Contents shopping cart to shoppable experiences, with actionable data analysis and automated back-end workflows, native integrations with other Adobe solutions, and the capability to be scalable and extensible. Adobe Journey Optimizer Adobe Journey Optimizer is a scalable app built on Adobe Experience Platform that allows businesses to orchestrate and deliver personalized, connected customer journeys across any app, surface, screen, or channel across B2B and B2C. With this solution, brands can manage inbound customer engagement with outbound omnichannel campaigns and offer personalized content based on real-time profiles, data-driven insights, cloud-native scalability and API extensibility, all within a single app, and, for our B2B customers, build buying groups aligned to their organization s product portfolio. Adobe Marketo Engage Adobe Marketo Engage is a customer experience management solution optimized for B2B, cross-channel campaigns by bringing together planning, engagement and measurement capabilities into an integrated marketing platform. Capabilities include lead nurturing and management; predictive account profiling for creating account-based experiences; integrated sales app; and integrations with third-party marketing apps and Adobe Experience Cloud. Adobe Workfront Adobe Workfront provides a unified work management app to enable teams to work more efficiently, with tools to strategize, plan, execute, review and deliver complex workflows. Adobe Workfront Planning, offered within Adobe Workfront, streamlines enterprise planning by delivering a comprehensive view of all marketing activities in an organization and enabling teams to be more strategic in planning and execution with full visibility into day-to-day marketing operations. SEGMENTS In fiscal 2025, our business consisted of three reportable segments: Digital Media, Digital Experience and Publishing and Advertising. Spanning both our Digital Media and Digital Experience segments, we drove business success through customer-focused innovation and go-to-market strategies. Digital Media. To serve the productivity and creativity needs of business professionals, consumers, creators and creative professionals, our Digital Media solutions include our Adobe Acrobat solutions, Adobe Express and our Creative Cloud subscriptions and flagship apps, such as Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Lightroom, Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe After Effects, as well as Adobe Firefly. Digital Experience. To serve the end-to-end content supply chain needs of marketing professionals, our Digital Experience solutions include Adobe Experience Platform and native applications, including Real-Time Customer Data Platform, Customer Journey Analytics, Adobe Experience Manager Sites, Adobe Commerce, Adobe Journey Optimizer, Adobe Marketo Engage and solutions within Adobe GenStudio, such as Workfront, Adobe Experience Manager Assets and GenStudio for Performance Marketing. Publishing and Advertising. Our Publishing and Advertising offerings contain legacy solutions including eLearning solutions, technical document publishing, web conferencing, document and forms platform, web App development, high-end printing through Adobe PostScript and Adobe PDF standards and our Adobe Advertising offerings. Effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, we will combine our prior segments Digital Media, Digital Experience and Publishing and Advertising into a single operating and reportable segment due to changes in how management intends to evaluate results, allocate resources and execute the strategic opportunities outlined above. Accordingly, we will reflect this segment change in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2026. OPERATIONS Marketing and Sales We market our solutions directly to enterprise customers through our sales force and local field offices and directly to businesses and consumers. We license our products to end-user customers through app stores and our own website at adobe.com. We offer many of our products via a SaaS model or a managed services model (both of which are referred to as hosted or cloud-based) as well as through term subscription and pay-per-use models. Our Creative Cloud and Firefly subscriptions include a monthly plan-specific number of generative credits for generative AI tools, and our free plans include a limited number of generative credits. We market and distribute our products through sales channels, which include distributors, 10 Table of Contents retailers, software developers, mobile app stores, systems integrators, independent software vendors and value-added resellers, as well as through original equipment manufacturers and hardware manufacturers. Our local field offices include locations in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, Romania, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Republic of Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, the United Kingdom and the United States. We license our software-as-a-service solutions to customers over multi-year service terms and license the majority of our software products through a subscription model where our customers purchase access to a product for a specific period during which they always have a license to use the most recent version of that product. We also license perpetual versions of certain products with maintenance and support, which includes rights to upgrades, when and if available, support, updates and enhancements. Services and Support We provide expert consulting, customer success management, technical support and learning services across a range of audiences. With a focus on ensuring sustained customer success and realized value, this comprehensive portfolio of services is designed to help our customers and partners maximize the return on their investments in our cloud solutions and licensed products. Consulting Services We have a global professional services team dedicated to designing and implementing solutions for our largest customers. Our professional services team uses a comprehensive, customer-focused methodology that has been refined over years of capturing and analyzing best practices from numerous customer engagements across a diverse mix of solutions, industries and customer segments. Our customers continually seek to integrate across Adobe s products and cloud solutions and engage our professional services teams for their expertise in leading our customers digital strategies, multi-solution integrations and in running our customers platforms. Using our methodology, our professional services teams can accelerate our customers time to value and maximize their return on investment in Adobe solutions. Another key component of Adobe s strategy is developing a large partner ecosystem to expand the availability of Adobe solutions in the global marketplace. To assist partners in building their respective digital practices, Adobe Global Services provides a comprehensive set of deliverables through Adobe s Solution Partner Program. The breadth of services offered in the program provides systems integrators, agencies and regional partners the tools required to develop core capabilities for positioning and building with Adobe technology, as well as implementing and running our customers platforms. We believe that through these programmatic services and support, our joint customers benefit greatly from the combination of Adobe technology and the deep customer context that our partners represent. Consulting services are made available to customers through subscription offerings, providing our customers with ongoing access to our trained service professionals over the contract term for the consulting subscription offering, or on a project basis through either time-and-materials or fixed-price services offerings. Customer Success Account Management Adobe Customer Solutions provides Customer Success Managers, who work with our enterprise and commercial customers on an ongoing basis to understand their current and future business needs, promote faster solution adoption and align product capabilities to our customers business objectives to maximize the return on their investment in Adobe s offerings. We share innovative best practices, relevant industry and vertical knowledge and proven success strategies based on our extensive engagements with leading marketers and brands. The performance of these teams is directly associated with our customer-focused outcomes. Technical Support Adobe provides enterprise maintenance and support services to our subscription customers as part of the subscription entitlement and to our perpetual license customers via annual fee-based maintenance and support programs. These offerings provide our customers with: technical support on the products our customers have purchased from Adobe; how to help in using our products; and 11 Table of Contents product upgrades and enhancements during the term of the maintenance and support or subscription period, which is typically one to three years. We provide product support through our support organization that includes several regional and global support centers, supplemented with outsourced vendors for specific services. Our customers can seek help through multiple channels including phone, chat, web, social media and email, allowing quick and easy access to the information they need. These teams are responsible for providing timely, high-quality technical expertise on all our products. Certain consumers are eligible to receive Getting Started support, to assist with easy adoption of their products. Support for some products and in some countries may vary. For our enterprise customers with greater support needs, we offer personalized service options through premium support offerings, delivered by global support centers and technical account managers who can also provide proactive risk mitigation services and on-site support services for those with business-critical deployments. We also offer delivery assurance, technical support and enablement services to partners and developer organizations. We provide developers with high-quality tools, software development kits, information and services. Digital Learning Solutions Adobe Customer Solutions offers a comprehensive portfolio of learning and enablement services to assist our customer and partner teams in the use of our products. Our training portfolio includes a large number of free online self-service learning options on learning.adobe.com. Adobe Digital Learning Solutions also has an extensive portfolio of fee-based learning programs including a wide range of traditional classroom, virtual and on-demand training and certifications delivered by our team of training professionals and partners across the globe. These core offerings are complemented by our custom learning services, which support our largest enterprise customers and their unique requirements. Solution-specific skills assessments help our enterprise customers objectively assess the knowledge and competencies within their marketing teams and tailor their learning priorities accordingly. RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT We have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in research and development to advance the value and impact of our solutions, and to continue integrating generative and agentic technologies across our tools to solve problems in areas such as content understanding and generation, recommendations, personalization and more. In collaboration with universities around the world, the Adobe Research team of scientists, engineers, artists and designers are inventing the future of creativity, productivity and customer experiences. The Adobe Research team advances the state of the art across 12 research areas spanning AI and machine learning, content and data intelligence, augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR), 3D and audio . In addition to our own research and development, we acquire products or technology developed by others by purchasing the stock or assets of the business entity that owns the technology. In other instances, we have licensed or purchased the intellectual property ownership rights of programs developed by others with license or technology transfer agreements that may obligate us to pay a flat license fee or royalties, typically based on a dollar amount per unit or a percentage of the revenue generated by those programs. PROTECTING AND LICENSING OUR SOLUTIONS We protect our intellectual property through a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, foreign intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions. We have U.S. and international patents and pending applications that relate to various aspects of our products and technology. We have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names and copyrights. See the section titled Risk Factors contained in Part I , Item 1A of this report for additional information regarding risks related to our intellectual property. We license our desktop software, web offerings and mobile apps to users and customers under click through or signed license agreements containing restrictions on duplication, disclosure and transfer. Similarly, our solutions are provided to users and customers under click through or signed agreements containing restrictions on access and use. Our enterprise customers license our hosted offerings as SaaS or Managed Services via agreements based on our enterprise licensing terms. 12 Table of Contents ACQUISITIONS AND INVESTMENTS We evaluate acquisition opportunities to accelerate our strategy, further drive innovation and increase the value we offer to customers. Our acquisitions, which range in size and scope, allow us to accelerate product development, introduce new features and deliver new solutions to our customers. Through our corporate venture capital program, Adobe Ventures, we invest in companies that are shaping the future of creativity, productivity, marketing and AI. We make strategic investments as opportunities arise that complement Adobe s long-term vision and strategy. GOVERNMENT REGULATION We operate globally and are subject to a wide range of laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries where we operate, covering a wide variety of subject matters, including, but not limited to, those related to antitrust and competition, consumer protection, data privacy and security, and AI. See the section titled Risk Factors contained in Part I, Item 1A of this report for additional information regarding risks related to government regulations applicable to our business. HUMAN CAPITAL Adobe for All is our belief in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. Our founding principle is that great ideas come from anywhere and when people are respected and included, they are more creative, innovative and successful. The wealth of unique perspectives and experiences that our employees bring is vital to our business growth, fueling the product innovation and value that we deliver to billions of people around the world. We are continually investing in our global workforce to provide fair and market-competitive pay and benefits to support our employees wellbeing and foster their growth and development. As of November 28, 2025, we employed 31,360 people, of which 50% were in the United States and 50% were in our international locations. During fiscal 2025, our total attrition rate was 9.9%. We have not experienced work stoppages and believe our employee relations are good. Understanding employee sentiment and listening to employee feedback is important to Adobe. We utilize a variety of feedback mechanisms throughout an employee lifecycle to gather insights that help inform our decision-making regarding employee programs, talent risks, management opportunities, employee networks and more. In fiscal 2025, 78% of our employees participated in our most recent engagement survey. Digital transformation has fundamentally changed how people work, and we continue to lean into digital-first workflows, tools and resources to enable us to be productive, wherever we are. We also believe in the value of people being together fostering trust, relationships and collaboration and innovation. We have evolved into a hybrid model, in which employees who are assigned to an office can divide their work between the office and home about half the time. We continue to pilot, test and iterate our approach to support new ways of working and evolving the employee experience. Compensation, Benefits and Wellbeing Adobe offers fair, competitive compensation and benefits that support our employees overall wellbeing. To ensure alignment with our short- and long-term objectives, our compensation programs for all employees include base pay, short-term incentives and opportunities for long-term incentives. We believe this alignment, whether through equity awards issued by Adobe or participation in our employee stock purchase plan, makes employee shareholders more deeply connected to Adobe and engaged in contributing to our long-term success. Our benefit programs focus on four key wellbeing pillars: physical, emotional, financial and work and life. We offer a wide array of benefits including comprehensive health and welfare insurance, ergonomic support, employee assistance programs, wellbeing support programs, retirement, financial coaches and generous time-off and leave. In addition, we provide educational tools and resources, such as the global wellbeing speaker series, to help employees reach their personal wellbeing goals. We also strive to build community by bringing together our employees through onsite events, discussion groups, messaging forums and our Employee Networks as we believe that a sense of belonging contributes to our employees overall wellbeing. Growth and Development We provide employees with opportunities to build and develop a meaningful career. The Global Talent Development team creates programs to grow leaders and continually enhance the skills of our employee base. In addition to the content and experiences created in house, employees also have access to on-demand content via several learning platforms. Through Adobe s Learning Fund, employees are eligible to receive up to $11,000 per year toward university and short-term learning opportunities. 13 Table of Contents We are committed to enabling a culture that celebrates talent sharing, career development and agility across Adobe. We post all roles internally first before sharing them externally and provide resources to make the internal job search easier for employees. We also provide forums for managers and employees to have regular conversations about their career and contributions throughout the year. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our website address is adobe.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our Investor Relations website at adobe.com/adbe as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information posted to our website and contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website (adobe.com/adbe), SEC filings, press releases, and public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels, including our website and social media, to communicate with our investors and the general public and to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. It is possible that the information we make available on our website or social media could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors and others interested in Adobe to review the information we make available on our website and the social media channels listed on our website. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Adobe s executive officers as of January 15, 2026 are as follows: Name Age Positions Shantanu Narayen 62 Chair of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Narayen currently serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board. He joined Adobe in January 1998 as Vice President and General Manager of our engineering technology group. In January 1999, he was promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Products, and in March 2001, he was promoted to Executive Vice President, Worldwide Product Marketing and Development. In January 2005, Mr. Narayen was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer, and effective December 2007, he was appointed our Chief Executive Officer and joined our Board. In January 2017, he was named our Chair of the Board. Mr. Narayen currently serves on the board of directors of Pfizer Inc., a pharmaceutical company. Mr. Narayen holds a B.S. in Electronics Engineering from Osmania University in India, an M.S. in Computer Science from Bowling Green State University and an M.B.A. from the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley. Daniel Durn 59 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance, Technology, Security and Operations Mr. Durn currently serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance, Technology, Security and Operations. Mr. Durn joined Adobe in October 2021 as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. From August 2017 to October 2021, Mr. Durn served as a Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Applied Materials, Inc., a semiconductor equipment company. From December 2015 to August 2017, Mr. Durn served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at NXP Semiconductors N.V., following its merger with Freescale Semiconductor Inc. ("Freescale"). From June 2014 to December 2015, Mr. Durn served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Freescale. Before Freescale, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration at GlobalFoundries, a multinational semiconductor company, and he served as Managing Director and Head of Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategy at Mubadala Technology Fund, a private equity fund. Prior to that, Mr. Durn was a Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions in the technology practice at Goldman Sachs Company, a global investment banking firm. Mr. Durn currently serves on the board of directors of Marvell Technology, Inc., a semiconductor equipment company. Mr. Durn received his MBA in Finance from Columbia Business School and graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy with a B.S. in Control Systems Engineering. He served in the Navy for six years, reaching the rank of lieutenant. 14 Table of Contents Name Age Positions Anil Chakravarthy 58 President, Customer Experience Orchestration Business Mr. Chakravarthy currently serves as our President, Customer Experience Orchestration Business. From December 2021 to January 2026, Mr. Chakravarthy served as our President, Digital Experience Business. Mr. Chakravarthy joined Adobe in January 2020 as Executive Vice President and General Manager, Digital Experience and was given responsibility over Worldwide Field Operations in July 2020, when he was appointed Executive Vice President and General Manager, Digital Experience Business and Worldwide Field Operations. Prior to joining Adobe, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Informatica LLC ("Informatica"), a software company, from August 2015 to January 2020 and Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer from September 2013 to August 2015. Prior to joining Informatica, for over nine years, Mr. Chakravarthy held multiple leadership roles at Symantec Corporation ("Symantec"), a cybersecurity software and services company, most recently serving as its Executive Vice President, Information Security from February 2013 to September 2013. Prior to Symantec, he was a Director of Product Management for enterprise security services at VeriSign Inc., a network infrastructure company. Mr. Chakravarthy began his career as an engagement manager at McKinsey Company, a global management consulting firm. Mr. Chakravarthy holds a Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering from the Institute of Technology, Varanasi, India and M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. David Wadhwani 54 President, Creativity and Productivity Business Mr. Wadhwani currently serves as our President, Creativity and Productivity Business. From December 2021 to January 2026, Mr. Wadhwani served as our President, Digital Media Business. Mr. Wadhwani rejoined Adobe in June 2021 to lead Adobe s global Digital Media business across Adobe Creative Cloud and Adobe Document Cloud as Chief Business Officer and Executive Vice President, Digital Media. Prior to joining Adobe, he was a Venture Partner at Greylock Partners, a venture capital firm, since October 2019. From September 2015 to October 2019, he was President and CEO of AppDynamics, a software company. Before that, Mr. Wadhwani previously worked at Adobe as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Adobe s Digital Media business, having joined Adobe in 2005 through the Company s acquisition of Macromedia, Inc., a software company, where he had been Vice President of Developer Products. Mr. Wadhwani holds a bachelor s degree in computer science from Brown University and serves on the Brown computer science department advisory board. Mr. Wadhwani also advises early stage and growth companies and is on the board of directors of Gem Software, Inc., an AI recruiting software company, and on the board of trustees of StoryCorps and the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco. Lara Balazs 56 Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Marketing Ms. Balazs joined Adobe in December 2024 and currently serves as our Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Marketing. From February 2021 to September 2024, Ms. Balazs served as Executive Vice President, General Manager, Strategic Partnership Group and Chief Marketing Officer of Intuit, Inc., a global financial technology platform ( Intuit ). From November 2018 to February 2021, Ms. Balazs served as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of Intuit. From November 2017 to July 2018, Ms. Balazs served as Vice President, Worldwide Marketing, Prime, and North America, of Amazon.com, Inc., an online retailer and web service provider of consumer goods. From January 2006 to September 2017, Ms. Balazs held various leadership roles at Visa, Inc., a global payments technology company, including Senior Vice President, Head, North America Marketing; Head, Global Innovation Marketing; Head of Global Product Marketing Strategy and Planning; Head of Global and U.S. General Consumer Marketing; and Senior Director, U.S. Marketing. From 2001 to 2004, Ms. Balazs served in various marketing management roles at Nike, Inc., a global athletic footwear and apparel company, and Gap, Inc., a global apparel company. Ms. Balazs holds a bachelor s degree in Society Justice from the University of Washington, and an M.B.A. from Northwestern University. 15 Table of Contents Name Age Positions Gloria Chen 61 Chief People Officer and Executive Vice President, Employee Experience Ms. Chen joined Adobe in 1997 and currently serves as our Chief People Officer and Executive Vice President, Employee Experience. In her more than 25 years at Adobe, she has held senior leadership positions in worldwide sales operations, customer service and support, and strategic planning. In October 2009, Ms. Chen was appointed Vice President and Chief of Staff to the Chief Executive Officer. In March 2018, she was promoted to Senior Vice President, Strategy and Growth, in November 2019, she was elevated to Executive Vice President, Strategy and Growth and in January 2020, she was promoted to Chief People Officer and Executive Vice President, Employee Experience. From October 2024 to May 2025, Ms. Chen served as our Chief People Officer and Interim Executive Vice President, Legal and Government Relations. Prior to joining Adobe, Ms. Chen was an engagement manager at McKinsey Company, a global management consulting firm. Ms. Chen holds a BS in electrical engineering from the University of Washington, an M.S. in electrical and computer engineering from Carnegie Mellon University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Louise Pentland 53 Chief Legal Officer and Executive Vice President, Legal and Government Relations Ms. Pentland joined Adobe in May 2025 and currently serves as our Chief Legal Officer and Executive Vice President, Legal and Government Relations. From July 2024 to May 2025, Ms. Pentland served as SVP and General Counsel at Roku, Inc., a manufacturer of media players for streaming entertainment. From September 2023 to July 2024, Ms. Pentland served as EVP and Chief Counsel for Disney Experiences and Products at The Walt Disney Company, a multinational media and entertainment company. From January 2022 to July 2022, Ms. Pentland served as EVP and Senior Advisor to the CEO at PayPal Holdings, Inc., a financial technology company, and as EVP, Chief Business Affairs and Legal Officer from April 2015 to December 2021. From May 1998 to July 2014, Ms. Pentland held various legal positions of increasing responsibility at Nokia Corporation, a communications, information technology and consumer electronics company, including the position of EVP and Chief Legal Officer. Ms. Pentland currently serves on the board of directors of Pacific Life Insurance Company, a financial services company specializing in life insurance. Ms. Pentland holds both an undergraduate degree in law and a postgraduate diploma in legal practice from Northumbria University, Newcastle upon Tyne. Jillian Forusz 51 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller Ms. Forusz currently serves as our Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. Ms. Forusz served as our Vice President, Corporate Controller from February 2022 to August 2024, Vice President, Accounting Operations from November 2019 to February 2022 and Senior Director from November 2015 to November 2019. Between November 2007 and November 2015, Ms. Forusz held various finance leadership positions of increasing responsibility at Adobe. Prior to joining Adobe, Ms. Forusz worked in the Audit practice at Deloitte. Ms. Forusz holds a bachelor s degree from Penn State University. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Below we discuss some of the factors that could cause these differences. The occurrence of these and many other factors described in this report, and factors that we do not presently know or that we currently believe to be immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our operations, performance and financial condition. Many factors affect more than one category and the factors are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business We may be unsuccessful at innovating in response to rapid technological or industry changes to meet customer needs, which could cause our business and financial results to suffer materially. We operate in rapidly evolving industries and expect the pace of innovation to continue to accelerate. We must continually introduce new and enhance existing solutions to retain customers and attract new customers. Developing new solutions is complex, requires significant investment and operational costs and may not be profitable, and our investments in new technologies are speculative and may not yield the expected business or financial benefits. The commercial success of new or enhanced solutions depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful development; effective distribution and marketing; market acceptance; compatibility with existing and emerging standards, platforms, software delivery methods and technologies; accurately predicting and anticipating customer needs and expectations and the direction of technological change; identifying and innovating in the right technologies; and differentiation from other solutions. If we fail to anticipate or identify technological, creative, productivity or marketing trends or fail to devote appropriate resources to adapt to such trends, our business could be harmed. For example, artificial intelligence ( AI ), including generative and agentic, enables users of all skill levels to create and provide new ways of marketing, creating and editing content and interacting with documents. While we continue to release new AI solutions and to focus on enhancing the AI capabilities of our solutions and incorporating AI across existing solutions, there can be no assurance that our new or enhanced solutions and AI innovations will be successful, adopted or monetizable or that we will innovate effectively to keep pace with the rapid evolution of AI across our solutions. If we do not successfully innovate, adapt to rapid technological or industry changes and meet customer needs, our business and our financial results may be materially harmed. We participate in rapidly evolving and intensely competitive markets, and, if we do not compete effectively, our business and financial results could materially suffer. The markets for our solutions are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. We expect competition to continue to intensify. Our numerous competitors include companies of various sizes and both public and private companies, including large, global companies and smaller companies with more specialized focuses, new entrants, and AI or cloud-native companies. Our competitors include companies with significant sales and research and development resources, broad brand awareness, long operating histories or access to large customer bases. Our competitors may deploy technical, marketing and financial resources more easily and effectively. Our competitors may develop or acquire additional products, services or solutions that are similar to ours or that achieve greater or faster acceptance. Our competitors may undertake faster and more far-reaching and successful development efforts or marketing campaigns, may adopt more aggressive pricing policies or may more effectively appeal to customers. As a result, current and potential customers may select the products, services or solutions of our competitors. New industry standards, evolving distribution and sales models, limited barriers to entry, short product life cycles, customer price sensitivity, global economic conditions and the frequent entry of new solutions or competitors may increase downward pressure on pricing and gross margins and adversely affect our renewal, upsell and cross-sell rates as well as our ability to attract new customers. In addition, we expect to face more competition as AI continues to advance and be integrated into the markets in which we compete and to change the software industry. Our competitors or other third parties may develop AI solutions more rapidly or successfully, including but not limited to different data training strategies or proprietary access to data and, as a result, other AI solutions may achieve greater and faster adoption. For example, we face increasing competition from companies offering generative and agentic AI solutions, including but not limited to prompt-based and multi-modal creation and editing, document productivity and understanding, ad distribution and creation, and purpose-built AI agents. Other companies have in the past, and may in the future prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to use third-party models in our solutions. If we are not able to provide solutions that compete effectively, we could experience reduced sales, which could materially and adversely impact our business and financial results. For additional information regarding our competition and the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which we operate, see the section titled Competition contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 17 Table of Contents Issues relating to the development and use of AI in our solutions may result in reputational harm, liability and adverse business and financial results. Social, ethical and operational issues relating to the use of AI, including generative AI and agentic AI, in our solutions may result in reputational harm, liability and additional costs. We are increasingly incorporating AI technologies, developed by us and by third parties, into many of our solutions. If our AI development, deployment, content labeling or governance is ineffective or inadequate, it may result in incidents that impair the public acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals, customers or society, or result in our solutions not working as intended or producing unexpected outcomes. Jurisdictions around the world are developing and passing new regulations that apply specifically to the use of AI. For example, the U.S. AI regulatory framework remains in development and has been introduced at the federal level through executive orders and legislation has been introduced and enacted at the state level. Additionally, obligations under the EU AI Act have gone into effect and will continue to be implemented in phases through 2030, and other jurisdictions have passed or are considering similarly focused legislation. Some of our operations are subject to the EU AI Act and depending on how the EU AI Act is implemented and interpreted, we may have to adapt our business practices, contractual arrangements and services to comply with such obligations. Non-compliant companies under the EU AI Act may be subject to administrative fines. These regulations and the evolving AI regulatory environment may, among other impacts, result in inconsistencies among AI regulations and frameworks across jurisdictions, increase our compliance, governance and research and development costs, increase our exposure to investigations, proceedings and claims related to our AI models and increase liability related to the use of AI by our customers or users that are beyond our control. There can be no guarantee that future AI regulations or standards will not adversely impact us or conflict with our approach to AI development and use, including affecting our ability to make our AI solutions available without costly changes, delaying or halting development of AI solutions, requiring us to change our AI development practices, monetization strategies and/or indemnity protections and subjecting us to additional compliance requirements, regulatory action, competitive harm, reputational harm and/or legal liability. Additionally, as we offer more third-party AI models in our solutions, we face risks inherent in how third-party AI models used in our solutions have been developed and deployed, including situations in which the third party may lack a proper license or consent for the training data used for their model. The use and availability of third-party AI models in our solutions could result in scrutiny and legal liability, including intellectual property infringement claims. Such claims or scrutiny could cause reputational harm and loss of customers, and adversely impact our business and financial results. In addition, new competition regulations on AI development and deployment could impose new requirements on our markets that could impact our business and financial results. Uncertainty around new and evolving AI uses may require significant, additional investment to develop models and proprietary datasets, responsible-use frameworks and new approaches and processes to attribute or compensate content creators. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, challenges accessing AI models, datasets or hardware. Developing, testing and deploying AI systems and third-party AI models may continue to increase the cost of our solutions, including due to the nature of the computing costs involved in such systems. These costs could adversely impact our margins as we continue to make significant investments in AI development, add AI capabilities and third-party AI models to our solutions and scale our AI solutions without assurance that our customers and users will adopt them. Further, as with any new solutions based on new and rapidly evolving technologies, consumer reception and monetization pathways are uncertain, our strategies may not be successful and our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. AI solutions may continue to modify workforce needs, result in negative publicity, reputational harm, liability and decreased demand for our solutions, all of which could adversely impact our business. If our reputation or our brands are damaged, our business and financial results may be adversely affected. We believe our reputation and brands have been, and we expect them to continue to be, important to our business and financial results. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, reputational harm, reduced customer demand and customer attrition from, among other things, the introduction of new products, features, services, or terms that do not meet customer expectations; our position on or approach to new and evolving technologies, including AI; backlash from customers, the creative community, government entities or other stakeholders that disagree with our product offering decisions or public policy, social, ethical or political positions; significant litigation or regulatory or government actions that negatively reflect on our business practices; data security breaches or compliance failures; and public scrutiny or negative publicity, including being the target of media and social media campaigns, criticizing our actual or perceived actions or inactions, policies, terms, agreements, dispute resolution requirements, handling of user privacy, data practices or content. Our brands may be negatively affected by the actual or perceived failure to meet our sustainability commitments or appropriately respond to climate concerns; and uses of our solutions, particularly our AI solutions, in ways that are out of our control, such as to create or disseminate content that is deemed to be misleading, deceptive or intended to manipulate public opinion, or for illicit, objectionable or illegal ends, or by our failure to respond appropriately and in a timely manner to such uses. Further, such uses of our solutions may result in controversy or claims related to defamation, rights of publicity, illegal content, intellectual property infringement, 18 Table of Contents harmful content, misinformation and disinformation, harmful bias, misappropriation, data privacy, derivative uses of third-party AI and personal injury torts. If we fail to appropriately respond to objectionable content created using our solutions or shared on our platforms, our users may lose confidence in our brands. Entry into markets with weaker protection of brands or changes in the legal systems in countries in which we operate may also impact our ability to protect our brands. If we fail to maintain, enhance or protect our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our users trust in us and purchasing decisions and our business and financial results may be adversely affected. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, investments or other strategic transactions, and they may disrupt our business and adversely affect our business and financial results. We have acquired and may continue to acquire businesses, products, talent and technologies as part of our business strategy. Acquisitions, investments and other strategic transactions involve numerous risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of which may have an adverse effect on our business. These risks and uncertainties include: inability to achieve the expected financial and strategic benefits on a timely basis or at all; difficulty in effectively integrating operations, technologies, products, services, solutions, culture or personnel; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and other personnel; challenges to completing or failure to complete an announced transaction related to the failure to obtain regulatory approval, or the need to satisfy certain conditions precedent to closing such transaction (such as divestitures, ownership or operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies) that could limit the anticipated benefits of the transaction; entry into markets in which we have minimal prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions; inability to retain personnel, key customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the acquired business; delay in customer and distributor purchasing decisions due to uncertainty about the direction of our solutions; incurring higher than anticipated costs to effectively integrate an acquired business, to bring an acquired company into compliance with applicable laws and regulations, additional compensation issued or assumed in connection with an acquisition, to divest products, services or solutions acquired in unsuccessful acquisitions to amortize costs for acquired intangible assets or because of our inability to take advantage of anticipated tax benefits; increased collection times, elevated delinquency or bad debt write-offs related to receivables of an acquired business we assume; difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration of an acquired business and inability to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective; potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired or integrated entities systems, technologies, or products that expose us to additional security risks or delay our ability to integrate the acquired products into our existing solutions; exposure to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, a transaction; incurrence of additional debt to finance a transaction, which will increase our interest expense and leverage, and/or issuance of equity securities to finance transactions, which will dilute current shareholders percentage ownership and earnings per share; in the case of foreign transactions, the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; brand or reputational harm associated with our acquisitions, investments or other strategic transactions; and failure to identify significant problems, liabilities or other challenges during due diligence. 19 Table of Contents Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by adverse economic and political events, including trade tensions, and increased global scrutiny and evolving regulatory expectations relating to acquisitions and other strategic transactions. We may not be able to complete acquisitions or other strategic transactions to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or transactions on favorable terms, or at all, including as a result of challenges in obtaining regulatory approvals, and may incur additional costs. For example, we have experienced difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals, resulting in the termination of a previously announced acquisition and the incurrence of additional costs. Any of these factors may adversely affect our business and financial results. Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business If we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel, our business may be harmed, and our hybrid work model may present challenges, which could adversely impact our business. Much of our future success depends on the continued service, availability and performance of our senior management and highly skilled personnel across all levels of our organization. Our senior management has acquired specialized knowledge and skills with respect to our business, and the loss of any of these individuals could harm our business, especially if we are not successful in developing adequate succession plans. Our efforts to attract, develop, integrate and retain highly skilled employees may be compounded by intensified restrictions on immigration or the availability of work visas. The technology industry has been and may continue to be subject to substantial and continuous competition for talent, particularly with AI and cybersecurity backgrounds, and demand for cutting-edge or unique skill sets may continue to be highly competitive, both of which are heightened with hybrid or remote working arrangements. Our hybrid work environment may also present operational, security and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively affect our ability to execute against our business objectives and retain and recruit personnel. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, higher compensation costs to retain and recruit senior management or highly skilled personnel that may not be offset by innovation, improved productivity or increased sales. We continue to hire personnel in countries where exceptional technical knowledge and other expertise are offered at lower costs, which increases the efficiency of our global workforce structure and reduces our personnel-related expenditures. Nonetheless, as globalization continues, competition for talent in those countries has increased, which may impact our ability to retain these employees and increase our compensation-related expenses. Service interruptions or failures of our information technology systems or those of third parties may impair the availability of our solutions, which may expose us to liability, damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. Much of our business, including our online store at adobe.com, our cloud solutions and various business processes such as our enterprise resource planning system and customer and sales support, relies on hardware and services that are hosted, managed and controlled directly by us or third-party service providers to be available to our customers and users without disruption. We do not have redundancy for all our systems, many of our critical applications ( apps ) reside in only one of our data centers, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. If any critical third-party service provider of hosting or content delivery services is negatively affected or becomes unavailable to us for any reason, we may not be able to deliver the corresponding solutions to our customers and users. Failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers could cause large, system-wide failures, disrupt our business operations and those of our customers, subject us to reputational harm, require costly and time-intensive notifications, and cause us to lose customers, users and future business. Occasionally, we migrate data among data centers and to third-party hosted environments. If a transition among data centers or to third-party service providers encounters unexpected interruptions, unforeseen complexity or unplanned disruptions despite precautions undertaken during the process, this may impair our delivery of solutions to customers and result in increased costs and liabilities, which may harm our financial results, reputation and business. It is also possible that hardware or software failures or errors in our systems (or those of our third-party service providers) could result in data loss or corruption, cause the information that we collect or maintain to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers regard as significant, or cause us to fail to meet committed service levels or comply with applicable notification requirements or other relevant contractual obligations to our customers. Furthermore, our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted by a number of factors, including access to the internet, the failure of our network or software systems, security breaches or significant variability in visitor traffic on customer websites. We may also find, on occasion, that we cannot deliver data and reports to our customers in near real-time due to factors such as significant spikes in customer activity on their websites or failures of our network or software (or that of a third-party service provider). If we fail to plan infrastructure capacity appropriately and expand it proportionally with the needs of our customer and user base, and we experience a rapid and significant demand on the capacity of our data centers or those of third parties, service outages or performance issues could occur, which may impact our customers. Such a strain on our infrastructure capacity may subject us 20 Table of Contents to regulatory and customer notification requirements, violations of service level agreement commitments or financial liabilities and result in customer dissatisfaction or harm our business. If we supply materially inaccurate information or experience significant interruptions in our systems, our reputation could be harmed, we could lose customers and we could be found liable for damages or incur other losses. Security incidents, improper access to or disclosure of our customers data or other cybersecurity incidents may harm our reputation and materially and adversely affect our business. Our solutions collect, store, manage and otherwise process third-party data, including our customers data and our own data. Such solutions as well as our technologies, systems and networks have been subject to, and may in the future be subject to, cyberattacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, fraud, worms, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, malicious software programs, insider threats and other cybersecurity incidents that have in the past, and may in the future, result in the unauthorized access, disclosure, acquisition, use, loss or destruction of sensitive personal or business data belonging to us, our employees and our customers. Some of our solutions include third-party open-source software, which may contain security vulnerabilities that may be exploited, potentially compromising our solutions. Increasing use of AI in our internal systems and solutions may create new attack methods. Cybersecurity incidents can be caused by human error from our workforce or that of our third-party service providers, by malicious third parties, acting alone or in groups, or by more sophisticated organizations, including nation-states and state-sponsored organizations. Such risks may be elevated in connection with geopolitical tensions, including the Russia-Ukraine war and the conflict in the Middle East, as well as malicious third parties utilizing emerging technologies, such as AI and machine learning. Certain unauthorized parties have in the past managed, and may in the future manage, to overcome our security measures and those of our third-party service providers to access and misuse systems and software by exploiting defects in design, configuration or manufacture, including bugs, vulnerabilities, change management errors and other problems that unexpectedly compromise the security or operation of a product or system. Further, unauthorized parties or authorized parties that exceed their authorized access may also gain physical access to our facilities and infiltrate our information systems or attempt to gain logical access to our solutions or information systems to access content and data and may result in computer viruses, worms, ransomware or other malware. Malicious third parties have in the past, and may in the future, fraudulently induce our employees or users of our solutions to disclose sensitive, personal or confidential information via illegal electronic spamming, phishing, social engineering or other tactics, and this risk is heightened in our current hybrid model working environment. Our solutions are incorporated into the supply chain of a large number of companies worldwide and, as a result, if our solutions experience a compromise, a large portion or, in some instances, all of our customers and their data for a given solution could be simultaneously affected. The potential liability and associated consequences we could suffer as a result of such a large scale event could be significant, and materially and adversely impact our business. Malicious actors may also engage in fraudulent or abusive activities through our solutions, including unauthorized use of accounts through stolen credentials, use of stolen credit cards or other payment vehicles, failure to pay for services accessed, or other activities that violate our terms of service. While we actively combat such fraudulent activities, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, impacts to our revenue and reputation from such activities. Maintaining the security of our solutions is a critical issue for us and our customers. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities through various methods, including, but not limited to, engineering more secure products, enhancing security and reliability features in our products and systems, regularly reviewing our service providers security controls, and continually assessing and improving, as appropriate, our incident response process. However, it is impossible to accurately predict the extent, frequency or impact cybersecurity issues may have on us, and our security measures do not provide full effective protection from all such events. There can be no assurance that we have the capability to detect all vulnerabilities or new attack methods and our internal security controls may not keep pace with quickly evolving threats. The costs to prevent, eliminate, mitigate or remediate cybersecurity or other security problems and vulnerabilities are significant and may reduce our margins. Breaches of our security measures and the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unauthorized dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive, personal or confidential data about us, our employees, our customers or their end users, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data have in the past, and could in the future, expose us, our employees, our customers or other individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. Further, our efforts to address these problems, including notifying affected third parties when appropriate, have in the past been, and may in the future be, unsuccessful or delayed, which could result in business interruptions, cessation of service, loss of existing or potential customers and reputational harm. Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities or incidents have resulted in, and may result in additional, claims or litigation and liability or fines, costly and time-intensive notice requirements, governmental inquiry or oversight or a loss of customer confidence, any of which have in the past and may in the future harm our business and damage our brand and reputation. Our customers may also adopt security measures to protect their computer systems and their instances of our software from attack and may suffer a cybersecurity breach on their own systems, unrelated to our 21 Table of Contents systems. Even if such breach is unrelated to our security systems, solutions or programs, such breach could cause us reputational harm and require us to incur significant economic and operational consequences to adequately assess and respond to their breach, and to implement additional safeguards designed to protect against future breaches. While we maintain insurance to cover operational risks, such as cybersecurity risk and technology outages, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liability described herein. These risks will likely increase as we expand our hosted solutions, integrate our solutions and store and process more data. Moreover, delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers resulting from disruptions caused by cyberattacks, data breaches, overly burdensome preventive security measures or failure to fully meet information security control certification requirements could materially and adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. If we are unable to develop, manage and maintain our sales channels, including our direct sales force, third-party distributors, and sales partners, or third-party relationships upon which we rely for critical business operations, our revenue and business may be adversely affected. We rely on our direct sales channel and a number of third-party distributors and sales partners to distribute our solutions. The successful management of these relationships is a complex, global process. We sell many solutions through our direct sales force. Risks associated with this sales channel include challenges related to hiring, retaining and motivating our direct sales force, and substantial amounts of ongoing training for sales representatives. Our business could be harmed if our direct sales expansion efforts do not generate the corresponding efficiencies and revenue we anticipated from such investment. In addition, the loss of key sales employees could impact our customer relationships and future ability to sell to certain accounts covered by such employees. Moreover, if our partner and distribution