=== CLX_2025-10-07.htm.gz ===
The Clorox Company DEF 14A false 0000021076 DEF 14A 0000021076 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 1 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 2 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 3 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 4 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 5 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO2Member 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO2Member 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0000021076 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member 2022-07-01 2023-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO2Member 2022-07-01 2023-06-30 0000021076 2022-07-01 2023-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member 2021-07-01 2022-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO2Member 2021-07-01 2022-06-30 0000021076 2021-07-01 2022-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member 2020-07-01 2021-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO2Member 2020-07-01 2021-06-30 0000021076 2020-07-01 2021-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember clx:ChangeInPensionValueAndNQDCEarningsReportedInSCTMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember clx:ChangeInPensionValueAndNQDCEarningsReportedInSCTMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember clx:ValueOfPensionBenefitsPerCAPDefinitionMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember clx:ValueOfPensionBenefitsPerCAPDefinitionMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember clx:ValueOfStockAndOptionAwardsGrantedDuringTheFiscalYearReportedInSCTMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember clx:ValueOfStockAndOptionAwardsGrantedDuringTheFiscalYearReportedInSCTMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember clx:ValueOfStockAndOptionAwardsGrantedDuringTheFiscalYearPerCAPDefinitionMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember clx:ValueOfStockAndOptionAwardsGrantedDuringTheFiscalYearPerCAPDefinitionMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember clx:ChangeInFairValueOfUnvestedStockAndOptionAwardsMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember clx:ChangeInFairValueOfUnvestedStockAndOptionAwardsMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember clx:ChangeInFairValueOfStockAndOptionAwardsVestedDuringTheFiscalYearMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember clx:ChangeInFairValueOfStockAndOptionAwardsVestedDuringTheFiscalYearMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember clx:FairValueOfStockAndOptionAwardsForfeitedDuringTheFiscalYearMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember clx:FairValueOfStockAndOptionAwardsForfeitedDuringTheFiscalYearMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 clx:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember clx:ValueOfDividendsAccruedOnStockAwardsMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000021076 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember clx:ValueOfDividendsAccruedOnStockAwardsMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement CONFIDENTIAL, FOR USE OF THE COMMISSION ONLY (AS PERMITTED BY RULE 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12 The Clorox Company (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Letter from Our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer 1 Letter from Our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer Dear Fellow Shareholders, Our fiscal year 2025 performance reflected resilience in the face of complexity, as we continued to advance our IGNITE strategy while navigating the remaining impacts from the August 2023 cyberattack and macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties. Importantly, we continued to enhance our portfolio of superior, leading brands, growing overall market share and organic sales, delivering gross margin expansion, and achieving solid adjusted EPS growth, while advancing our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system transition in the U.S. and executing on our sustainability priorities. Fuel Growth: By optimizing operations and reducing inefficiencies, we were able to invest in our brands and deliver over 200 basis points of gross margin expansion. We continued to utilize our hallmark cost-savings program and holistic margin management toolbox and returned gross margin to pre-pandemic levels. We also scaled new systems and capabilities to drive savings across our portfolio, enabling reinvestment in strategic growth initiatives. Innovate Experiences: This year we launched innovations across all major brands, supported by an artificial intelligence-enabled digital core that accelerated our innovation cycle time and turned insights into superior experiences across different consumer needs. We bolstered our brands with advertising that reinforced trust and relevance, all while leveraging our personalization strategy to achieve strong returns on our advertising investment. Reimagine Work: With our digital transformation and operating model acting as catalysts for more efficient and consumer-centered ways of working, we continued to build the skills and culture that empower our teams to move faster, adapt more effectively, and succeed together. Evolve the Portfolio: We are taking action to strengthen our core and respond to consumer trends to ensure enduring brand relevance. This past fiscal year s strategic actions including the completed divestiture of the Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements business position us for more consistent, profitable growth and a higher structural growth rate. Strengthening Board Oversight As the Company continues to transform to meet market and consumer demands, we have continued to evolve the Board to ensure it has the right mix of skills, experience, and perspectives to effectively oversee our corporate strategy. Over the past three years, we have welcomed five new directors, whose expertise enhances our Board s effectiveness and reflects our commitment to thoughtful refreshment aligned with our strategy and values. I encourage you to read more about our other director nominees in this proxy statement in addition to our business and sustainability progress in our fiscal year 2025 annual report. Fueled by our IGNITE strategy and guided by our values, I believe we are taking the right steps to position Clorox for the future advancing to be more consumer-obsessed, faster, and leaner. Our fiscal year 2026 plan sets a strong foundation for new, scalable innovation platforms as we reinvigorate category growth and drive solid margin and earnings performance. Through it all, we are transforming Clorox to deliver more consistent, profitable growth and enhance long-term shareholder value. Thank you for your continued support. Linda Rendle The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Letter from Our Lead Independent Director 2 Letter from Our Lead Independent Director Dear Fellow Shareholders, As lead independent director, I am pleased to share highlights from our Board s work over the past year and how we continue to support Clorox s long-term success on your behalf. The Board remains focused on overseeing corporate strategy and risk management as Clorox navigates a dynamic and challenging operating environment. Over the past year, we worked closely with management as the Company continued to advance its IGNITE strategy and invest in its brands, in the face of macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty and external headwinds. Strengthening The Board Through Strategic Refreshment A critical component of our focus on strong governance is ensuring that the Board has the right mix of skills, experience, and perspectives to guide the Company into the future. In line with this focus, in fiscal year 2025, we welcomed three new directors: Gina Boswell brings extensive leadership and operational experience with a strong background in the consumer goods sector. Stephen Bratspies adds strong operational, merchandising and marketing expertise from senior leadership roles in retail and the consumer packaged goods industry. Pierre Breber offers extensive financial and accounting expertise with broad experience in strategic transformation and growth initiatives. Their expertise further strengthens our Board composition and reflects our commitment to thoughtful Board refreshment. Additionally, in recognition of his service, we would also like to extend our sincere gratitude to Spencer Fleischer who will be retiring from the Board as of the Annual Meeting. We thank him for his 10 years of service to the Company and Board. Active Board Oversight This year, we continued to prioritize key areas of oversight, including enterprise risk management, human capital and culture, and cybersecurity. The Board also worked closely with management on the Company s key strategic initiatives, including the divestiture of our Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements business and preparation for the ERP implementation in the U.S. Clorox s transformation efforts to evolve its portfolio and transform its ways of working are laying the foundation for long-term growth and enduring shareholder value. Fostering a People First Culture The Board also had the meaningful opportunity to engage directly with employees by participating once again in a global town hall, where I, together with our newest directors, answered questions and shared personal and professional experiences around what it means to play to win. We also review employee survey results each year to gain meaningful insight into how our people experience the Company. These perspectives guide us as we provide oversight in shaping a culture that not only reflects Clorox s purpose and values, but also consistently puts people at the heart of everything we do. As we reflect on the past fiscal year and the road ahead, the Board s role remains centered on ensuring effective oversight, accountability, and supporting long-term value creation for our investors and stakeholders. We continue to uphold Clorox s purpose of championing people to be well and thrive, guided by the Company s values to do the right thing, put people at the center, and play to win. As always, we value your trust and support. On behalf of the full Board, I thank you for your continued investment in Clorox. Matthew J. Shattock The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders 3 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders The Clorox Company 1221 Broadway Oakland, California 94612 October 7, 2025 Agenda 1. To elect the 11 director nominees named in the proxy statement; 2. To hold an advisory vote to approve executive compensation; 3. To ratify the selection of Ernst Young LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of The Clorox Company (the Company or Clorox). Shareholders will also consider and act upon such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement. If you are a beneficial owner (you own shares through a broker, bank or other holder of record) and plan on attending, voting or asking questions at the Annual Meeting, you may need to pre-register with Computershare by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on November 14, 2025. Please see the Attending the Virtual Annual Meeting section of this proxy statement on pg 86 for more information. You may also vote online by following the instructions provided on the meeting website during the Annual Meeting. On or about October 7, 2025, we began mailing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice) to our shareholders informing them that our proxy statement, 2025 integrated annual report executive summary, and voting instructions are available on the Internet. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote and submit your proxy in advance of the meeting by one of the methods described on pgs 81-82. While you will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting at a physical location, we have designed the virtual Annual Meeting to ensure that our shareholders are given the same rights and opportunities to actively participate in the Annual Meeting as they would at an in-person meeting, using online tools to facilitate shareholder access and participation. Even if you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, we hope that you will read the proxy statement and vote your proxy by telephone, via the Internet, or by signing, dating, and returning the proxy card in the envelope provided. By Order of the Board of Directors, Angela Hilt Executive Vice President Chief Legal and External Affairs Officer Corporate Secretary The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders 4 Electronic Delivery of Proxy Materials We encourage our shareholders to enroll in voluntary e-delivery of future proxy materials. We believe that this process expedites shareholders receipt of these materials, lowers the costs of our Annual Meeting and reduces the environmental impact of mailing printed copies. If you are a Registered Shareholder (you own shares in your own name through our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A.): visit www.computershare.com and log into your account to enroll. If you are a Beneficial Owner (you own shares through a broker, bank or any other account): Please follow the instructions provided to you by your broker, bank, trustee or nominee. If you have questions about how to vote your shares, or need additional assistance, please contact Innisfree M A Incorporated, who is assisting us in the solicitation of proxies: 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York 10022 Shareholders may call toll-free at (877) 750-9499 Banks and brokers may call collect at (212) 750-5833 The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Table of Contents 5 Table of Contents Proxy Summary 6 Our Company 13 Board of Directors 15 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 15 Corporate Governance and Board Matters 29 Executive Officers 40 Stock Ownership Information 41 Executive Compensation 43 Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 43 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 44 Executive Compensation Tables 59 Equity Compensation Plan Information 78 Audit Committee Matters 79 Proposal 3: Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 79 Information About the Virtual Annual Meeting 81 Attending the Virtual Annual Meeting 86 Submitting Questions for the Virtual Annual Meeting 87 Appendix A: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations A-1 Appendix B: GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation of Economic Profit B-1 Frequently Requested Information Our Corporate Purpose and Values, IGNITE Strategy and Integrated Sustainability Approach 14 Board Risk Oversight 29 Our Director Nominees 8 Sustainability Governance 32 Director Skills Experience 9 Board Committees 35 Board Leadership Structure 25 Summary Compensation Table 59 The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary 6 Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement and does not contain all the information that you should consider. Please review the entire proxy statement before voting. Voting Matters and Voting Recommendations More information Board s voting recommendation PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Page 15 FOR EACH NOMINEE PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation Page 43 FOR PROPOSAL 3 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Page 79 FOR The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary 7 Recent Highlights Here are some highlights since our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. New directors In May 2025, the board of directors (Board) welcomed a new director, Gina Boswell, who brings extensive executive, operational, and international experience in the consumer goods industry. Her appointment followed the Nominating, Governance, and Corporate Responsibility Committee s (NGCRC) thorough review of the Board s overall composition. Ms. Boswell joins Stephen Bratspies and Pierre Breber, who were elected to our Board at the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. These three new directors, collectively, bring a wealth of experience in consumer goods, finance, and global operations, including experience leading major publicly traded companies, which enhances the Board s ability to provide effective strategic and risk oversight. See Our Director Nominees on pg 16 and Director Skills Experience on pg 23 for more information on our director nominees. New Board leadership In May 2025, the Board appointed new chairs for the Audit Committee (AC) and the Management Development and Compensation Committee (MDCC). Pierre Breber now serves as Audit Committee Chair, bringing deep financial and compliance expertise from his experience as the former chief financial officer of a large publicly traded company. Russell Weiner was appointed MDCC chair, leveraging his extensive leadership and operational experience as chief executive officer of a large publicly traded company to provide valuable insight into executive talent development and compensation practices. Board of directors global town hall Clorox continued its tradition of hosting a director global town hall, this year featuring our lead independent director Matthew Shattock and our three newest directors, Gina Boswell, Stephen Bratspies and Pierre Breber. The directors shared personal and professional experiences on playing to win, one of Clorox s corporate values that guides us in accelerating growth. The town hall took place at our Oakland corporate offices and was broadcast to our offices and manufacturing facilities across the U.S. and globally. Employees were given the opportunity to ask questions and engage with our directors. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary 8 Our Director Nominees The following table provides summary information about each director nominee as of the date of the Annual Meeting. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary 9 Director Nominee Highlights *All data is as of the Annual Meeting. Director Skills Experience The NGCRC develops and recommends criteria for Board membership that is designed to ensure a well-rounded Board that supports the objectives of the Company s IGNITE strategy and the Board s risk oversight responsibility. In addition to leadership and director experience, the NGCRC considers the following experiences and skills in nominating director candidates. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary 10 Corporate Governance Strengths Board Structure and Independence All of our director nominees are independent, except for our chair and CEO Strong lead independent director with ability to call additional executive sessions of the independent directors, actively supervise meeting materials, agendas and schedules and, together with the MDCC and independent directors, monitor and evaluate the performance of the CEO 100% independent Board committee members Board Composition Well-rounded Board with effective mix of skills, experiences, and perspectives Active Board refreshment average Board tenure is approximately 5.7 years (as of the Annual Meeting date) Effective annual Board, Board committee, and individual director evaluation process Majority voting and director resignation policy in uncontested director elections Board Oversight Robust processes for overseeing key enterprise risks Board receives regular updates on key risk and sustainability topics from management and internal and external experts and consultants Board, through the Audit Committee, receives quarterly updates on cybersecurity and has oversight over enterprise risk management Strong Board and management succession planning process Shareholder Rights and Accountability Annual election of all directors Special meeting right for shareholders Proxy access right for shareholders Proactive shareholder engagement Good Governance Practices Robust code of conduct applicable to directors, officers and employees and annual training and certification process Rigorous stock ownership guidelines for directors and executives Directors and officers prohibited from hedging our stock, and Section 16 insiders are prohibited from pledging our stock under our insider trading policy Both our annual and long-term incentive plans include clawback provisions Sustainability achievements are a component of the holistic assessment of our executives performance in relation to compensation The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary 11 Executive Compensation Highlights For more information, see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. Our incentive plan results are directly tied to Company performance. Our short-term incentive plan payout reflected mixed financial results in fiscal year 2025, while our long-term incentive plan payout reflected two years of performance above expectations and one year below expectations. 133% Performance share units (PSUs) from our long-term incentive awards vesting in 2024 paid out at 133% . The performance-based award covering fiscal years 2022 through 2024 was measured based on economic profit (EP) growth during the three-year performance period, including one year of EP below our plan s performance threshold and two years of EP growth exceeding our plan s maximum performance level. 80% The Company multiplier for our short-term incentive for fiscal year 2025 was 80%. This result was driven by net customer sales below target, strong gross margin results, and solid net earnings performance for the year. Results exclude the impact of ERP transition-related shipments. The MDCC continues to evolve our program . As we look ahead to fiscal year 2026, we remain committed to our pay-for-performance philosophy. The MDCC will continue to evaluate incentive plan changes based on the evolution of our competitive market and Clorox s long-term transformational business plan. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary 12 Executive Compensation Framework For more information, see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. A substantial portion of target total direct compensation for our executives is variable, with 90% of target compensation at risk for our CEO and 85% of target compensation at risk on average for our other named executive officers. Base salary is the only fixed component of direct compensation. Component and Rationale CEO Proportion (1) NEO (2) Proportion (1) Performance Measures Performance Period Characteristics Base Salary Fixed pay to attract and retain talent, based on role, level of responsibilities, and individual performance. N/A N/A Fixed cash Annual Incentives Variable pay to incent and recognize performance in areas of short-term strategic importance. Annual net sales (50%) Net earnings (30%) Gross margin (20%) One Year Performance-based cash Long-Term Incentives (LTIs) Stock-based pay to incent and recognize performance in areas of long-term strategic importance, promote retention and stability, and align executives with shareholders. Economic profit Variation in underlying stock price due to overall business results Three Years (PSUs) PSUs and RSUs (1) Proportion represents the actual base salary, target annual incentive award, and grant date fair market value of LTI awards granted in fiscal year 2025 (with PSUs measured at target). Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Refer to the Summary Compensation Table on pg 59 for further details on actual compensation. (2) Represents the average of all NEOs active on June 30, 2025, other than the CEO. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Our Company 1 3 Our Company The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Our Company 14 IGNITE Strategy and Integrated Sustainability Approach Clorox s IGNITE strategy is our long-term strategic plan to drive purpose-driven growth that maximizes economic profit and at the same time also creates positive value for our brands, people, communities, shareholders and other stakeholders. The strategy includes financial goals, as well as integrated sustainability goals and priorities, supported by strong governance. As the current goal period for certain sustainability goals established in 2019 draws to a close, we are reassessing our sustainability priorities in light of evolving external factors. This effort will take into account a number of considerations, including our strategy and our refreshed sustainability materiality assessment, which reflects investor and stakeholder priorities. In July 2024, Clorox completed a full sustainability materiality assessment to ensure our sustainability priorities evolve in line with those of our business and stakeholders and to direct resources to the areas where we can be most impactful. This assessment considered inputs such as corporate strategic choices, risks and opportunities, emerging and existing regulations, sustainability reporting frameworks, sustainability raters and peer sustainability efforts. The purpose of this work is to ensure resources are directed toward initiatives that advance our key business objectives and build enduring value for the Company. We encourage you to read more about the sustainability materiality assessment and our sustainability highlights in our fiscal year 2025 integrated annual report. This report has been developed in alignment with voluntary third-party frameworks specifically, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and can be accessed on our Sustainability Data Hub at clorox.metrio. net and the Clorox website at thecloroxcompany.com/ responsibility/ . Any references in this proxy statement to our website or our Sustainability Data Hub, and any materials accessible through either site are not incorporated by reference herein. Clorox began publishing an integrated annual report in 2011 and was the first U.S. consumer packaged goods company to highlight both financial and sustainability performance in an integrated report. Over the years, we have continued to evolve our reporting to meet the needs of investors, consumers, and other stakeholders. Our commitment to strong governance over sustainability matters remains steadfast. In fiscal year 2025, we continued to leverage our sustainability governance structure to ensure that decision-making and priority-setting receive appropriate oversight from the Board and management, while also being informed by accountable subject matter experts. See the Sustainability Governance section of this proxy statement for more information regarding this governance structure. Lastly, this past fiscal year, we launched Clorox Climate Partners, a supplier engagement program targeting our most emissions-intensive suppliers in raw materials, packaging, and external manufacturing, where over half of our scope 3 emissions originate. The program seeks to facilitate supplier climate action and support advancement of our science-based greenhouse gas reduction targets. The program s guidance, tools, and collaborative engagement are designed to enhance supplier energy efficiency, reduce costs, and embed carbon insights into business decisions, while promoting alignment with our climate goals and regulatory expectations. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 15 Board of Directors Proposal 1: Election of Directors The Board, upon the recommendation of the NGCRC, has nominated the 11 people listed below for election at the Annual Meeting to serve until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. All of the director nominees currently serve on the Board. As part of our ongoing, proactive efforts to implement effective corporate governance practices, the NGCRC examines the overall composition of the Board on an annual basis (or more frequently, if needed) to assess the skills and characteristics that are currently represented on the Board, as well as voting results in recent director elections, legislative and regulatory developments, corporate governance trends, and the skills and characteristics that the Board may find valuable in the future in light of the Company s strategic and anticipated business needs. Gina Boswell was elected to the Board in May 2025. In recruiting Ms. Boswell, the NGCRC retained a search firm to help identify director prospects. The NGCRC reviewed and evaluated the qualifications of all candidates identified that were referred to them through this search process. Spencer Fleischer, who has served on the Board since 2015, is not being re-nominated for re-election in accordance with the Board s retirement age policy and, therefore, will be retiring from the Board as of the date of the Annual Meeting. Unless otherwise directed, the persons named in the proxy as proxyholders intend to vote all proxies FOR the election of each of the nominees, as listed below. If, at the time of the Annual Meeting, any nominee is unable or declines to serve as a director, the discretionary authority provided in the enclosed proxy will be exercised to vote for a substitute candidate designated by the Board, unless the Board chooses to reduce its own size. The Board has no reason to believe that any of the nominees will be unable or will decline to serve if elected. Proxies cannot be voted for more than 11 persons since that is the total number of nominees. Board s Recommendation The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR each of the Board s 11 nominees for director listed below. The Board believes that each nominee listed below is highly qualified and has the background, skills, experience, and attributes that qualify each nominee to serve as a director of the Company. See each nominee s biographical information and the Director Candidate Evaluation and Nomination section of this proxy statement for more information. The Board s recommendation is based on its carefully considered judgment that the background, skills, experience, and attributes of each of the nominees make them the best candidates to serve on the Board. Vote Required The Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws) require each director to be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to the director at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present the number of shares voted for a director must exceed the number of votes cast against that director. The people designated in the proxy and voting instruction card intend to vote your shares represented by proxy FOR the election of each of these nominees, unless you include instructions to the contrary. In the event any director nominee is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, the individuals named as proxies may vote for a substitute nominee recommended by the Board, or the Board may reduce the size of the Board or leave a vacancy. Under the Company s Bylaws, if a director does not receive the requisite vote to be elected, the director shall offer to tender his or her resignation to the Board. The NGCRC would then make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board will act on the NGCRC s recommendation and publicly disclose its decision and the rationale behind it within 90 days from the date of the certification of the election results. The director who tenders his or her resignation will not participate in the Board s decision. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 1 6 Our Director Nominees We invite you to read about our director nominees below. Each of the director nominees has agreed to be named in this proxy statement and to serve as a director, if elected. We believe that our directors should satisfy a number of qualifications, including demonstrated integrity, a record of personal accomplishments, a commitment to participation in Board activities, and other attributes discussed below in the Director Candidate Evaluation and Nomination section. We also endeavor to have a Board that represents a broad set of perspectives, talents, and life experiences and a range of qualifications, skills, and depth of experience in areas that are relevant to and contribute to the Board s oversight of the Company s strategy and business. Each director biography includes the key experiences and qualifications the director nominee brings to the Board that we believe are important to our business and structure and that the Board considered in determining to recommend that they be nominated for election. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 17 The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 18 The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 1 9 The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 20 The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 21 The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 22 Director Candidate Evaluation and Nomination The NGCRC engages in continuous Board succession planning and evaluation of Board composition, working closely with our Board in determining the skills, experiences, and characteristics desired for the Board as a whole and for its individual members, and also screening and recommending candidates for nomination by the full Board. While the Board has not established any specific minimum qualifications that a potential nominee must possess, director candidates, including incumbent directors, are assessed based on criteria established by the NGCRC in light of the Company s long-term strategy, the skills and experience currently represented on the Board, legislative and regulatory developments, corporate governance trends, and any specific needs identified in the NGCRC s evaluation of Board composition, among other considerations. The NGCRC is responsible for identifying and recommending individuals to the Board for consideration as director nominees for election at the Company s annual meeting of shareholders. The NGCRC uses a variety of methods for identifying director candidates, which may come to the committee s attention through management, current directors, shareholders and other sources, including an external search firm. Criteria include: Broad-based leadership and relevant business skills and experiences Ability to devote sufficient time to the Company s affairs Prominence and reputation in their professions Personal integrity and judgment Global business and social perspective Varied disciplines and diverse backgrounds and experiences Ability to effectively represent the long-term interests of our shareholders The Board takes a thoughtful and robust approach to refreshment, seeking to balance experience and continuity with fresh perspectives. The Board strongly believes that maintaining Board continuity is important and recognizes the value of longer-tenured directors who have institutional memory and have worked with different CEOs and management teams along with middle-tenured directors and newer directors. The NGCRC is focused on achieving an optimal mix of director experience, perspectives and tenure when evaluating potential director candidates and current directors for nomination. As part of the renomination process, the NGCRC carefully considers the ability of incumbent directors to continue to contribute to the Board and the Company s evolving needs. In addition, the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines (Governance Guidelines) require that non-management directors whose personal circumstances change in a way that affects their ability to contribute to the Company, including a change in their principal position, primary job responsibilities, or personal circumstances, offer their resignation for the Board s consideration. This requirement helps ensure that current directors remain qualified and have the capacity to perform their duties as a director. As highlighted in our Governance Guidelines, the Board believes deliberations and decision-making are strengthened by having a broad set of skills, professional experience, perspectives, talents and life experiences in the boardroom. It actively seeks refreshment of the Board with directors with different experiences who can add unique value through skills relevant to our IGNITE strategy. Shareholder Recommendations and Nominations of Director Candidates The Company s Bylaws permit a shareholder or group of up to 20 shareholders who have owned at least 3% of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock for at least three years to submit director nominees (up to 20% of the Board) for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement and form of proxy used in connection with the Annual Meeting. Notice of the nomination must be timely, and the shareholder and the nominee must satisfy the requirements specified in the Bylaws. Shareholders who wish to nominate directors for inclusion in the Company s proxy materials or directly at an annual meeting of shareholders in accordance with the procedures in our Bylaws should follow the instructions under the Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2026 Annual Meeting section of this proxy statement. The NGCRC evaluates all candidates for the Board in the same manner, including those recommended by shareholders. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 23 Director Skills Experience The following matrix highlights certain notable attributes and experiences of each director nominee, identified by the NGCRC as important in maintaining a well-rounded Board that is aligned with the needs of the Company s IGNITE strategy and its FIRE strategic choices: (1) Fuel growth, (2) Innovate experiences, (3) Reimagine work, and (4) Evolve portfolio. Read more about the FIRE strategic choices in the Our Company section of this proxy statement. Each director skill is also linked to the FIRE strategic choice it supports, as well as the key Board responsibility of risk oversight. This alignment provides the Board with the depth and breadth of skills necessary to effectively oversee the Company s strategy, as well as risk management. This high-level summary is not intended to be an exhaustive list of each director nominee s contributions to the Board. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 24 BRAND-BUILDING/MARKETING Contributes perspectives on growing organic sales and market share, building brand awareness and marketing to consumers in an ever-changing digital landscape RISK OVERSIGHT Supports the Board in oversight of the various risks facing the Company, including mechanisms to mitigate and manage those risks RETAIL/CUSTOMER Provides insight on consumer and industry trends and customer engagement to support growth, innovation and expansion FINANCIAL/ACCOUNTING Supports the Board s ability to oversee the Company s financial reporting, internal controls and compliance, and provides insight into complex transactions PRODUCT/SUPPLY CHAIN Provides strategic insights into product development and cost-effective manufacturing to satisfy consumer demand and preferences and drive organic sales CPG/RELEVANT INDUSTRY Provides market and industry insights through knowledge of and experience in the CPG or complementary industry to support advancement of all aspects of our IGNITE strategy INNOVATION/DIGITAL/TECH Brings knowledge of emerging technologies and evolving industry dynamics (including digital and e-commerce) to support delivering our strategic goal of innovating products and consumer experiences STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATION/M A Provides perspective on the Company s strategic transformation initiatives, including digital transformation, new operating model, and M A OPERATIONAL Contributes strategic, operational and market insights that are critical to all aspects of the IGNITE strategy HUMAN CAPITAL/CULTURE Provides valuable perspective in talent acquisition, development and retention and fostering a corporate culture that helps to drive our IGNITE strategy SUSTAINABILITY EXPERIENCE Provides insights and perspective in executing toward our sustainability goals as an integrated part of our IGNITE strategy REGULATORY Provides insight into navigating regulatory environments both in the U.S. and globally CYBERSECURITY Supports effective oversight of our cybersecurity risk management INTERNATIONAL Supports key strategic decision-making and maximizing growth opportunities in our international markets Director Continuing Education and New Director Orientation To enhance and expand on the key skills and experiences relevant to the Company s industry, we provide our directors with continuing education and presentations from both internal and external experts. Additionally, we encourage our directors to participate in external continuing director education programs with funding provided by the Company. New directors also participate in comprehensive orientation sessions that provide them with a thorough understanding of their fiduciary duties as well as a robust overview of the Company s business and strategies, which allows new directors to begin making contributions to the Board at the start of their service. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 25 Board Leadership Structure Board determination of leadership structure. The Company s Governance Guidelines give the Board the flexibility to determine the Board leadership structure that best serves the Company and its shareholders. This flexibility enables the Board to adapt to the Company s current circumstances and anticipated needs, as well as market practices and investor feedback, among other things. Over the years, the Board has had a variety of leadership structures in response to these factors. Current Board leadership structure. The current Board leadership structure is comprised of a combined Board chair and CEO, a strong lead independent director, and independent Board committee chairs. The chair and CEO, and lead independent director each have defined responsibilities, as outlined further below. The Board believes that this arrangement is currently in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Combined role of chair and CEO. Linda Rendle has served as CEO and chair, and Matthew Shattock, as lead independent director, since January 2024. In its determination to combine the chair and CEO roles, the Board took into consideration factors including: Ms. Rendle s knowledge of and experience with the Company; her leadership skills driving strategy in her current role as CEO; and the strong, independent Board providing oversight of risks and strategic direction. The Board believes that the consolidated chair and CEO role creates efficiencies, enhances the Board s effectiveness in overseeing strategy and risk, and promotes coordinated leadership, which enhances decision-making and execution of the Company s long-term strategy. As the Board member most closely connected to the business, the CEO is best positioned to identify key business issues that require Board attention and, as Board chair, can efficiently direct the Board s focus to the most critical matters, while a strong lead independent director provides an effective balance between strong Company leadership and independent oversight of management. The role of lead independent director. To support effective governance and maintain strong independent Board oversight, the Company s Governance Guidelines require an independent director to serve as lead independent director while the position of Board chair is held by a management director. Accordingly, Matthew Shattock currently serves as lead independent director after being elected by the independent directors in 2024. Mr. Shattock previously served as Clorox s independent chair from February 2021 to December 2023 and brings strong board and executive leadership experience to the lead independent director role through his prior experience as a non-executive board chair and a former public company CEO. To enhance the lead independent director s ability to maintain robust board oversight and monitor management, the Board also has three independent committee chairs. In fiscal year 2025, the Board refreshed its committee leadership, appointing Pierre Breber and Russell Weiner as chairs of the Audit Committee and the MDCC, respectively. All three committee chairs bring substantial and relevant experience to their roles that support the committees in fulfilling their oversight responsibilities. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 26 Responsibilities of the chair and CEO and lead independent director. To foster balance in authority, the Board has carefully structured the role of the lead independent director, taking into account shareholder feedback and strong corporate governance practices and providing clear and robust responsibilities. The responsibilities of each of the chair and CEO, and lead independent director are set forth below. Responsibilities of the chair and CEO Responsibilities of the lead independent director Chair Presides at and may call Board meetings; Presides at annual shareholder meetings; and Works closely with NGCRC chair in connection with the NGCRC s process to recommend director candidates. CEO Develops and oversees the Company s business strategy, culture, day-to-day operations of the Company, and its relationships with stakeholders, with oversight from the Board; Consults the Board on the Company s business; Develops, reviews and approves Board agendas and meeting materials; and Available for consultation and direct communication with major shareholders, if requested. Presides at all executive sessions of independent directors, which take place at each regularly scheduled Board meeting, and at Board meetings in the chair s absence; Coordinates and leads the independent directors, and serves as a liaison with the CEO; May call additional executive sessions of the independent directors; Reviews and approves meeting agendas and materials; Works closely with NGCRC chair in connection with the NGCRC s process to recommend director candidates; Available for consultation and direct communication with major shareholders, if requested; Works with the Board on CEO succession planning; and Together with the members of the MDCC and the other independent directors, monitors and evaluates the CEO s performance. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 27 Annual Board and Director Evaluation Process The Board, its committees and each individual director conduct an annual self-assessment of their performance, overseen by the NGCRC, in addition to the Board regularly reviewing its leadership structure. These evaluations provide each director the opportunity to provide feedback on the effectiveness of the Board, its committees and individual directors, with the objective of identifying strengths and opportunities for improvement. This rigorous, multi-step process generates robust comments and discussion among the Board and has led to new and enhanced practices designed to further strengthen Board effectiveness and efficiency. In the past, the Board has engaged a third-party facilitator to conduct the Board, committee and director evaluation process, in line with leading practice and in order to gain additional external perspective and insight on Board culture and individual director performance. The third-party facilitator selected was a governance expert with significant experience in leading board effectiveness reviews across a number of public companies. The process involved one-on-one interviews with the directors and active participation by the NGCRC chair and culminated in feedback to the overall Board and each individual director, as well as feedback for applicable areas to management. The Board plans to continue engaging a third-party evaluation facilitator periodically in the future to continue to leverage external perspective and governance insights. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Board of Directors 28 Shareholder Engagement The Board believes that maintaining strong relationships with our shareholders is vital to the Company s success. To foster these relationships and obtain their perspectives, we engage with our shareholders through a regular shareholder engagement program, in addition to other engagement opportunities throughout the year. We aim to engage with shareholders representing at least one-third of our total shares outstanding, annually. Who meets with shareholders Management and directors, including: Chair CEO CFO Chief legal and external affairs officer corporate secretary Lead independent director NGCRC chair Investor relations team Sustainability team How we interact with shareholders In-person or virtual meetings Investor conferences Annual shareholder meeting Shareholder proposals Written correspondence with investors throughout the year These interactions enable two-way dialogue between our shareholders and the Company and provide an important channel for the Board and management to understand our shareholders perspectives and emerging interest areas. Insights from these engagements also help inform and improve our disclosures, decision-making and commitments. The Board also considers shareholder feedback from these meetings in its deliberations. In addition to our regular shareholder engagement program, below are highlights of our engagement with shareholders and the broader investor and corporate governance community in fiscal year 2025. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 29 Corporate Governance and Board Matters The Clorox Company Governance Guidelines The Board has adopted Governance Guidelines that reflect its views and the Company s policies on significant corporate governance matters, consistent with leading practice. The guidelines provide a framework for the governance of the Company by outlining the responsibilities, qualifications, and operations of the Board and its committees, in addition to other key governance matters. The NGCRC reviews the Governance Guidelines on an annual basis and recommends updates to the Board to align with current corporate governance leading practices and the Company s needs. The Governance Guidelines can be found in the Corporate Governance section on the Company s website at thecloroxcompany.com/company/corporate-governance/governance-guidelines/ , and are available in print to any shareholder who requests them from The Clorox Company, c/o Corporate Secretary, 1221 Broadway, Oakland, CA 94612-1888. Board Risk Oversight The Board is highly focused on overseeing the Company s enterprise risks, including strategic risks and the overall risk management framework to ensure that it is well-designed, effective and consistent with the Company s corporate strategy. The Board also seeks to ensure that this approach promotes strong corporate governance and sets the right tone for integrity, ethics and culture. In executing its risk oversight responsibilities, the Board considers the likelihood, magnitude and immediacy of the key risks facing the Company, which are informed by regular reports from management as well as the Company s Enterprise Risk Management assessment process (see Enterprise Risk Management further below). The Board may adjust the frequency and manner of its oversight based on the nature of the risks and leverages the judgment and experiences of its directors in evaluating these risks. See the Director Skills Experience section of this proxy statement for more information on our director nominees skill attributes. Risk Oversight by Board Committees The Board carries out its risk oversight function at both the full Board level and through its committees. Each committee has been charged with overseeing risks within their areas of responsibility as detailed below and regularly reports to the full Board to facilitate comprehensive and coordinated oversight by the full Board. See Board Committees for additional information on the risk oversight and management responsibilities of each committee. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 30 Enterprise Risk Management The Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight and ensuring that the Company designs policies and procedures to properly identify, assess and manage risk. The Company s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Steering Committee consists of a cross-functional team of key executives and senior leaders that oversees the Enterprise Risk Assessment (ERA) key risk identification process, which occurs at least annually. In fiscal year 2025, we continued to enhance our ERA assessment to facilitate a broader set of inputs into the ERA process from across the Company and to continue to operationalize ERM through strategic risk assessments and cross-functional coordination. We also continued to assess risks and mitigation plans on an ongoing basis. The enhanced ERA process results in our enterprise risk prioritization, which sets out the top risk areas faced by the Company, linked with clear action plans, and separate tracking for external risk drivers that may impact the Company. The Board is highly engaged with management on the annual refresh of the enterprise risk prioritization. This is supplemented by quarterly Board updates on top enterprise risks and mitigation strategies, as well as regular deep dive risk reviews on key subject areas for the Company, such as product quality, cybersecurity and technology implementation. Reporting Protocol and Crisis Management The Company has formal governance structure and reporting channel policies that require management to notify the Board of certain matters (among others): significant threatened or actual litigation, significant governmental or regulatory inquiry or proceeding, any incidents that could materially impact the Company s reputation, including cybersecurity-related issues that could involve the significant misappropriation of personal data or sensitive or valuable Company data, or any incidents that may have significant operational, financial, or legal impacts. This reporting protocol is a key component of the Board s oversight of the Company s crisis management program. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 31 Oversight of Key Risks Cybersecurity Risk Management and Preparedness The Company s technology risk management team is led by our chief information and data officer and our chief information security and infrastructure officer. Some key features of our cybersecurity risk management program: Structure that leverages the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity and Zero Trust Architecture frameworks for managing cybersecurity risks. Maintenance of security policies and standards, regular updates to response planning and protocols, and monitoring vulnerabilities, emerging threats and risks through industry information sharing channels and new technology. A cybersecurity response plan designed to facilitate cross-functional coordination across the Company (including escalation based on severity of the impact of an incident), mitigate brand and reputational damage, and comply with applicable legal obligations, which includes guidance to support the Company s assessment of whether an incident is considered material for purposes of U.S. securities laws. Executive and information technology team tabletop exercises. A cybersecurity insurance program to reimburse, up to policy limits, covered costs, losses and claims relating to a data or security breach. Use of consultants, third-party service providers and information security firms to provide technology systems or support aspects of this program, conduct assessments of the Company s cybersecurity practices and penetration testing, and cybersecurity, risk management and legal experts. A third-party vendor risk management process that utilizes a risk-based approach for vendors engaged through the Company s procurement process. Cybersecurity awareness training for all employees who have access to company email and connected devices, periodic phishing awareness simulations, and cybersecurity and phishing awareness content on the Company s intranet site. The Board, through the Audit Committee, is responsible for oversight of the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and IT risks and its framework and guidelines with respect to risk assessment and risk management. In order to fulfill its duties, the Audit Committee receives regular updates from our chief information security and infrastructure officer, chief information and data officer, and chief legal and external affairs officer corporate secretary on these topics. The Board and Audit Committee include directors with knowledge, skills and experience in data security, privacy, IT governance, and management of cyber risk. Information security and cybersecurity risks are also reviewed by the full Board as part of the Board s oversight of enterprise risks. The Board also engages in various activities to stay abreast of the evolving cyber landscape. Sustainability and Climate The Board actively oversees sustainability risks and issues, including climate change and environmental sustainability policies, programs, goals and progress. See the Sustainability Governance section of this proxy statement for more information about Board oversight of our sustainability matters and overall sustainability governance structure. Human Capital Management and Corporate Culture To aid its responsibility for oversight of the Company s corporate culture, the Board receives information through a number of channels, including: Updates from the chief administrative officer and the chief diversity and social impact officer on data and metrics from periodic pulse surveys and inclusion, diversity, equity and allyship (IDEA) updates, Our annual employee engagement survey which assesses employee perception of the Company as a place to work as well as their views of leadership, Engagements with employees such as site visits and townhalls for instance, this past fiscal year, Clorox hosted a global town hall with four of our Board members, including the lead independent director and our newest directors, where employees were able to engage directly with our Board, Curated Company and industry updates between Board meetings, covering employee resource group activities, town halls, community events, employee features, financial coverage, and Company-wide communications, and Updates from the chief legal and external affairs officer corporate secretary on any significant compliance and hotline matters, and discrimination and harassment complaints. As part of its oversight of the Company s corporate culture, the Board also evaluates management s ongoing efforts to align corporate culture with the Company s values and strategy. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 32 Executive Compensation The MDCC regularly reviews the Company s compensation policies and programs to ensure our compensation design offers performance incentives to employees and executives, while mitigating excessive risk-taking. Our executive compensation program contains various provisions to mitigate against excessive risk-taking, including balancing cash and equity compensation, capping payments under incentive plans, using different financial metrics and stock ownership guidelines. Please refer to the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement for further details on the design of our executive compensation program. In fiscal year 2024, we amended the clawback policy originally adopted in fiscal year 2021 to comply with new SEC and New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) requirements. The amended policy has two parts: a restatement policy, which was updated as part of this amendment, and a detrimental conduct policy, which remained unchanged. The restatement policy allows for the recapture of compensation on a no-fault basis from current and former Section 16 officers if the Company s financial statements are restated. The detrimental conduct policy allows for the recapture of compensation from executive officers who engage in conduct materially detrimental to the Company. See Clawback Provisions in the Compensation Discussion Analysis section of this proxy statement for more information. Based on its review and the analysis provided by its independent compensation consultant, Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. (FW Cook), the MDCC has determined that the risks arising from the Company s compensation policies and practices for its employees, including executive officers, are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Sustainability Governance Clorox s sustainability governance starts at the top with robust oversight of our sustainability strategy from the Board and implementation of our strategy through a cross-functional approach that allows us to drive accountability for and execute toward our sustainability priorities. Sustainability governance structure. Strong governance and active Board oversight remain at the core of our approach to sustainability. In fiscal year 2023, we strengthened our sustainability governance model to better embed sustainability into our business. The Sustainability Executive Committee, reporting to the Board chair and CEO, is designed to provide management direction and oversight for the enterprise sustainability goals. This committee is led by our chief legal and external affairs officer corporate secretary and includes the group presidents, our chief administrative officer, and our chief supply chain officer. It oversees the Sustainability Steering Team, which is led by our chief sustainability officer, and works with the business units to drive towards our enterprise sustainability goals, as well as measure and track our progress. The Board, through the NGCRC, continues to oversee our sustainability strategy. Since its implementation, we have utilized the sustainability governance structure to facilitate appropriate oversight and decision-making that considers our sustainability priorities. Sustainability Disclosure Committee. The Sustainability Disclosure Committee, which was formed in 2022, is tasked with oversight of the Company s sustainability reporting and disclosures, including in its SEC filings, monitoring regulatory changes and sustainability disclosure trends, and evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s controls and procedures with respect to sustainability disclosures, among other responsibilities. The committee meets at least quarterly and includes participants from our legal, internal audit, corporate communications, finance, financial reporting controls and human resources functions, as well as executives who have oversight of sustainability matters. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 33 The graphic below reflects our sustainability governance structure. Codes of Conduct The Company has adopted a code of conduct that sets forth the ethical and legal standards of behavior and business practices that are required of all our directors, executives and global employees and can be found on the Company s website at thecloroxcompany.com/company/policies-and-practices/codes-of-conduct, or can be obtained in print by contacting The Clorox Company, c/o Corporate Secretary, 1221 Broadway, Oakland, CA 94612-1888. We require that all employees complete training and, with our Board members, certify compliance with the code of conduct annually. We also perform an annual audit of internal compliance with our Code of Conduct. We also have established a separate business partner code of conduct outlining our standards and expectations of our direct suppliers and other business partners, including distributors, service providers, consultants, licensees and joint ventures. The business partner code of conduct can also be found at thecloroxcompany.com/company/policies-and-practices/codes-of-conduct. Our business partners must certify compliance with the business partner code of conduct. As a method of assessing and validating compliance with the code, Clorox conducts annual and periodic assessments to identify suppliers that are at a higher risk for social and environmental sustainability issues. Certain suppliers are also required to complete a questionnaire or conduct an audit in accordance with standards set forth by Sedex, a global membership organization dedicated to driving improvements in ethical and responsible business practices in global supply chains. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 34 Director Independence Under the Governance Guidelines, a substantial majority of the Board must be independent. In exercising its business judgment and considering all relevant facts and circumstances, the Board determines whether individual Board members meet the independence criteria established by the NYSE and the Governance Guidelines. The Board makes an affirmative determination regarding the independence of each director annually, based upon the recommendation of the NGCRC. The Board has determined that each of our directors during fiscal year 2025 (including Spencer C. Fleischer) and our director nominees is independent under the NYSE listing standards and the independence standards set forth in the Governance Guidelines, except for Linda Rendle, since she is an employee of the Company. 10 of 11 of our director nominees are Independent Gina Boswell Stephen B. Bratspies Pierre R. Breber Julia Denman Esther Lee A. D. David Mackay Stephanie Plaines Matthew J. Shattock Russell J. Weiner Christopher J. Williams The independent directors generally meet in executive session at each regularly scheduled Board meeting without the presence of management directors or employees of the Company to discuss various matters related to the oversight of the Company, the management of the Board s affairs, and the CEO s performance. The lead independent director presides over the independent executive sessions. Related Person Transaction and Conflict of Interest Policies and Procedures The Company has a written policy regarding Audit Committee review and approval of any Interested Transactions. An Interested Transaction is any transaction, arrangement, or relationship or series of similar transactions, arrangements, or relationships (including any debt or guarantee of debt) in which: the aggregate amount will or may be expected to exceed $120,000, the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a participant, and any executive officer, director or director nominee; beneficial owner of 5% or more of our stock; or any immediate family member of the foregoing individuals (each, a Related Person) has or will have an interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of an equity interest in another entity). The policy also contains categories of preapproved Interested Transactions that the Board has identified as not having a significant potential for an actual or potential conflict of interest or improper benefit. In reviewing any Interested Transaction, the Audit Committee will consider whether the Interested Transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the Related Person s interest in the transaction. Clorox s policy on Interested Transactions requires the Company to review all transactions with Related Persons, regardless of materiality of the Related Person s interest. From time to time, we enter into arm s length transactions in the ordinary course of our business with organizations that are affiliated with Related Persons. We do not believe that any Related Persons had a direct or indirect material interest in any such transactions. Additionally, the Company s code of conduct prohibits its directors, officers, and employees from entering into transactions that are an actual or potential conflict of interest and is available on the Company s website at thecloroxcompany.com/company/policies-and-practices/ codes-of-conduct. The Governance Guidelines require the directors to adhere to the code of conduct. Board Meeting Attendance The Board held nine meetings during fiscal year 2025. All incumbent directors attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board and committees of which they were members during fiscal year 2025. All members of the Board are expected to attend the Annual Meeting. All directors serving at the time of the Company s 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders attended, including Spencer C. Fleischer and all director nominees, other than Gina Boswell, who joined the Board after that meeting. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 35 Board Committees The Board has established three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the NGCRC, and the MDCC. Each of these committees consists only of independent, non-management directors. Directors serving on the Audit Committee and the MDCC must meet additional independence and qualification requirements under the NYSE listing standards. The charters for these committees are available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company s website at thecloroxcompany.com/company/corporate-governance/committee-charters , or in print by contacting The Clorox Company, c/o Corporate Secretary, 1221 Broadway, Oakland, CA 94612-1888. Audit Committee Met 9 times in FY25. FY25 Committee Members (1) Pierre R. Breber (Chair) (2) Stephen B. Bratspies (2) Julia Denman A.D. David Mackay Stephanie Plaines Christopher J. Williams (3) Primary Responsibilities The Audit Committee is the principal connection between the Board and the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Among its other functions and duties as set out in its charter, the Audit Committee oversees: Financial statements; internal control over financial reporting Integrity of the Company s financial statements The Company s systems of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting that management has established Independent registered public accounting firm; internal audit The independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence, and performance The performance of the Company s internal audit function Risk management and oversight The Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements relating to accounting and financial reporting matters, and data privacy, cybersecurity and IT risks and climate- and/or sustainability-related risks The Company s framework and guidelines with respect to risk assessment and risk management The Company s material financial policies and actions, including foreign currency exchange risk and debt interest rate risk The Board has determined that each of Pierre Breber, Stephen Bratspies, Julia Denman, David Mackay, Stephanie Plaines, Paul Parker and Christopher Williams is an audit committee financial expert (as defined by SEC rules), and financially literate (as defined by NYSE rules). (1) Paul Parker served on the Audit Committee during fiscal year 2025 and departed the Board in November 2024. (2) Joined the committee in November 2024. (3) Left the committee in May 2025. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 36 Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee Met 6 times in FY25. FY25 Committee Members (1) Esther Lee (Chair) Gina Boswell (2) Pierre R. Breber (3) Stephanie Plaines (3) Matthew J. Shattock (4) Christopher J. Williams (2) Primary Responsibilities The NGCRC has the functions and duties set forth in its charter, including: Board and corporate governance matters Identifying and recruiting individuals qualified to become Board members Recommending individuals to be selected as director nominees Performing a leadership role in shaping the Company s corporate governance and overseeing director, Board and committee evaluations Reviewing and recommending to the Board changes in the Governance Guidelines and the code of conduct Risk management and oversight; sustainability matters Overseeing corporate responsibility (including corporate citizenship, charitable giving, political participation, issue advocacy and lobbying) and governance of the Company s sustainability program Shareholder and stakeholder engagement The Company s compliance and ethics program Supporting the Board in reviewing, monitoring and engaging with management on the development of climate change and environmental policies, programs, goals and progress Management Development and Compensation Committee Met 5 times in FY25. FY25 Committee Members (5) Russell J. Weiner (Chair) Spencer C. Fleischer Esther Lee (3) A.D. David Mackay Christopher J. Williams (2) Primary Responsibilities The MDCC has the functions and duties set forth in its charter, including: Executive compensation Assisting the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to compensation of the CEO and other executive officers Reviewing, approving and overseeing the Company s compensation policies, plans and goals and objectives for the executive officers and directors Evaluating, making recommendations and taking appropriate action in response to the shareholders advisory say-on-pay vote, including as to the frequency of the vote Management succession planning; Human capital management Overseeing the Company s management development and succession planning processes below the CEO and executive committee level Reviewing and discussing with management the Company s IDEA initiatives, and programs and review these matters with the Board on a periodic basis Risk management and oversight Evaluating, considering and overseeing risks arising from the Company s compensation policies and programs to ensure that they do not encourage excessive risk taking by employees and executive officers Administering and interpreting the Company s clawback policy and any further clawback policy allowing the Company to recoup compensation paid to employees (1) Paul Parker and Kathryn Tesija served on the NGCRC during fiscal year 2025 and departed the Board in November 2024. (2) Joined the committee in May 2025. (3) Joined the committee in November 2024. (4) Left the committee in May 2025. (5) Amy L. Banse and Kathryn Tesija served on the MDCC during fiscal year 2025 and departed the Board in November 2024. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 37 Director Compensation Only our non-employee directors receive compensation for their service as directors in the form of: cash compensation, and an annual grant of deferred stock units (DSUs). As part of its oversight of non-employee director compensation, the MDCC reviews the form and amount of compensation of non-employee directors at least annually to validate that the Company s non-employee directors are compensated appropriately relative to peer companies. During fiscal year 2025, the MDCC worked with FW Cook for data analysis, guidance and recommendations regarding compensation levels as compared to our compensation peer group as defined in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement, as well as trends and recent developments in the area of non-employee director compensation. Clorox generally aims to compensate non-employee directors at or near the median of the compensation peer group. The following table sets forth information regarding compensation for each of the Company s non-employee directors during fiscal year 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) Total ($) Amy L. Banse (3) 40,516 41,250 81,766 Gina Boswell (4) 12,404 0 12,404 Stephen B. Bratspies (4) 64,484 82,500 146,984 Pierre R. Breber (4) 67,300 82,500 149,800 Julia Denman 105,000 165,000 270,000 Spencer C. Fleischer 122,747 165,000 287,747 Esther Lee 120,000 165,000 285,000 A. D. David Mackay 105,000 165,000 270,000 Paul Parker (3) 40,516 41,250 81,766 Stephanie Plaines 105,000 165,000 270,000 Matthew J. Shattock 205,000 165,000 370,000 Kathryn Tesija (3) 40,516 41,250 81,766 Russell J. Weiner 107,253 165,000 272,253 Christopher J. Williams 127,184 165,000 292,184 (1) The amounts reported in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column reflect the total annual cash retainer and other cash compensation earned by each director in fiscal year 2025 and include amounts deferred into cash or DSUs and/or amounts issued in common stock in lieu of cash, as elected by the director. The annual cash retainer is paid to each director in quarterly installments. (2) The amounts reported reflect the grant-date fair value for financial statement reporting purposes of the annual grant of DSUs. DSUs are shares of the Company s common stock that the director receives only upon terminating their service with the Company. The annual DSU awards are earned for full fiscal quarters served during a calendar year and granted on an annual basis at the end of such calendar year. Refer to Note 17 of the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating the grant-date fair value under applicable accounting guidance. As of June 30, 2025, the following directors had the indicated aggregate number of DSUs accumulated in their deferred accounts for all years of service as a director, which includes the annual awards of DSUs made by the Company (for DSUs that have been granted at the end of the relevant calendar year), as well as deferrals of cash compensation used to acquire DSUs, and additional DSUs credited as a result of dividend equivalents earned with respect to the DSUs: Breber 497; Denman 2,772; Fleischer 18,393; Lee 13,733; Mackay 9,250; Plaines 5,146; Shattock 16,482; Tesija 6,228; Weiner 14,944; and Williams 19,046. Due to the timing of when they joined the Board and since they have not elected to defer cash compensation into DSUs, neither Ms. Boswell nor Mr. Bratspies currently has DSUs reflected in their deferral account. (3) Ms. Banse, Mr. Parker and Ms. Tesija departed the Board effective November 20, 2024. (4) Ms. Boswell was elected to the Board effective May 19, 2025. Mr. Bratspies and Mr. Breber were elected to the Board effective November 20, 2024. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 38 Cash Compensation Directors receive cash compensation, which consists of: annual cash retainer, and any special assignment fees. The following table lists the various annual retainers paid for Board service and service in the positions set forth below during fiscal year 2025. Annual director retainer $105,000 Lead independent director retainer $100,000 Committee chair retainers: Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee $ 15,000 Audit Committee $ 25,000 Management Development and Compensation Committee $ 20,000 Directors who serve as a Board member, independent chair, lead independent director, or committee chair for less than the full fiscal year receive pro-rated retainer amounts based on the number of days they served in such position during the fiscal year. In addition to the retainer amounts, each non-employee director is entitled to receive a fee of $2,500 per day for any special assignment requested by the Board. No special assignment fees were paid in fiscal year 2025. Payment Elections. Under the Company s Independent Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, a director may annually elect to receive all or a portion of their cash compensation in the form of cash, common stock, deferred cash, or DSUs. Payment in Stock. Directors who elect to receive cash compensation amounts in the form of common stock are issued shares of common stock based on the fair market value of the common stock as determined by the closing price of the common stock on the last trading day of the quarter for which the fees were earned. Elective Deferral Program: Deferred Cash. For directors who elect deferred cash, the amount deferred is credited to an unfunded cash account that is credited with interest at an annual interest rate equal to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. s prime lending rate in effect on January 1 of each year. Upon termination of service as a director, the amounts credited to the director s deferred cash account are paid out in five annual cash installments or in one lump-sum cash payment, as elected by the director. Elective Deferral Program: Deferred Stock Units. For directors who elect DSUs, the amount deferred is credited to an unfunded account in the form of units equivalent to the fair market value of the common stock on the last trading day of the quarter for which the fees were earned. When dividends are declared, additional DSUs are allocated to the director s DSU account in amounts equivalent to the dollar amount of common stock dividends paid by the Company divided by the fair market value of the common stock on the date the dividends are paid. Upon termination of service as a director, the amounts credited to the DSU account, which include any elective deferrals and the annual DSU grants described above, are paid out in shares of common stock in five annual installments or in one lump sum, as elected by the director. DSUs may only be settled in shares of common stock. Equity Compensation Each non-employee director receives a majority of their annual compensation in the form of DSUs. DSUs are shares of the Company s common stock that the director receives only upon terminating their service with the Company. Each non-employee director receives an annual grant of DSUs. The aggregate value of the DSU award amount earned by a non-employee director serving for the full fiscal year 2025 was $165,000. Awards are made as of the last business day in the calendar year and represent payment for services provided during such calendar year. The Company believes that the use of DSUs provides a stronger alignment between directors and the Company s shareholders compared to outright stock ownership since directors have no ability to sell the DSUs while they remain on the Board. Directors who serve as non-employee Board members for less than the full calendar year receive pro-rated awards based on the number of full fiscal quarters they served as a non-employee Board member during the calendar year. DSUs accrue dividend equivalents, and the balance of a director s DSU account is paid out in common stock only following the director s termination of service, as described in greater detail under Elective Deferral Program: Deferred Stock Units above. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance and Board Matters 39 Fiscal Year 2026 Compensation Changes As discussed above, the MDCC reviews the form and amount of compensation of non-employee directors at least once a year to validate that the Company s non-employee directors are being compensated appropriately relative to peer companies. The MDCC again reviewed non-employee director compensation in September 2025. As part of its review, the MDCC considered the data provided by FW Cook as well as its guidance and recommendations regarding compensation levels relative to our compensation peer group as well as trends and recent developments in the area of non-employee director compensation. After taking all of this information into account, the MDCC recommended, and the Board agreed, effective October 2025, to the following changes: (1) increases in the annual director cash retainer from $105,000 to $110,000 and annual DSU grant from $165,000 to $170,000; (2) an increase in the annual NGCRC chair retainer from $15,000 to $20,000; and (3) an increase in the annual MDCC chair retainer from $20,000 to $25,000. No other changes were made to the director compensation program. Stock Ownership Philosophy and Guidelines for Directors The Board believes that the alignment of directors interests with those of shareholders is strengthened when Board members are also shareholders. The Board therefore requires that each non-employee director, within five years of first being elected, own common stock or DSUs that are settled only in common stock having a market value of at least five times their annual cash retainer. This program is designed to ensure that directors acquire a meaningful and significant ownership interest in the Company during their tenure on the Board. Furthermore, as directors must hold the DSUs until termination of their service on the Board, they have aligned interests and appropriate incentives to promote long-term value for shareholders during their service as a director. As of August 31, 2025, each non-employee director was in compliance with, or was on track to meet (based on current Clorox stock trading prices), the guidelines, and in fact, the majority of our directors held common stock or DSUs with value far in excess of this amount. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Executive Officers 40 Executive Officers Information about our Executive Officers The names, ages, year first appointed executive officer and current titles of each of the executive officers of the Company appointed by the Board are set forth below. Name Age (1) Year First Appointed Title Linda Rendle 47 2016 Chair and Chief Executive Officer Nina Barton 52 2024 Executive Vice President and Group President Care Connection Luc Bellet 47 2025 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Stacey Grier 62 2019 Executive Vice President and Executive Chief of Staff Angela Hilt 53 2020 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal and External Affairs Officer Corporate Secretary Chris Hyder 50 2021 Executive Vice President and Group President Health Hygiene Kirsten Marriner 53 2016 Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Eric Reynolds 55 2015 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating and Strategy Officer (1) As of the Annual Meeting. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Stock Ownership Information 41 Stock Ownership Information Beneficial Ownership of Voting Securities The following table shows the holdings of common stock (as of August 31, 2025, except as indicated below) by (i) any entity or person known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) the NEOs named in the Summary Compensation Table and the directors, and (iii) all directors, director nominees and executive officers of the Company as a group. As discussed in the Director Compensation section of this proxy statement, the majority of director compensation is delivered in the form of DSUs, which are paid out in common stock following a director s termination of service. Because the directors cannot dispose of those shares while they serve on the Board, they are not reflected in this table. See footnote 2 below. The address of each individual listed below is 1221 Broadway, Oakland, California 94612-1888. Name of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1)(2) Percent of Class (3) The Vanguard Group, Inc. (4) 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 15,228,898 12.52 BlackRock, Inc. (5) 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 9,954,343 8.18 State Street Corporation (6) State Street Financial Center 1 Congress St., Suite 1 Boston, MA 02114 8,410,519 6.91 Nina Barton 4,297 * Luc Bellet 39,901 * Gina Boswell * Stephen Bratspies * Pierre Breber 9,000 * Julia Denman * Spencer C. Fleischer (7) 1,305 * Chris Hyder 44,043 Kevin Jacobsen 118,444 * Esther Lee * A. D. David Mackay 600 * Stephanie Plaines * Linda Rendle 266,289 * Eric Reynolds (8) 180,119 * Matthew J. Shattock * Russell J. Weiner * Christopher J. Williams 849 * All directors, director nominees and current executive officers as a group (19 persons) (9) 765,963 * * Does not exceed 1% of the outstanding shares. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Stock Ownership Information 42 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, each beneficial owner listed has sole voting and dispositive power concerning the shares indicated. These totals include the following numbers of shares of common stock that such persons have the right to acquire through stock options that will be exercisable, or restricted stock units or performance stock units that will vest (and have not been elected by the beneficial owner for deferral) within 60 days of August 31, 2025, Ms. Barton 1,253; Mr. Bellet 6,358; Mr. Hyder 6,231; Mr. Jacobsen 13,660; Ms. Rendle 44,347; Mr. Reynolds 31,024; and all directors and current executive officers as a group 133,559. The numbers in the table above do not include the following numbers of shares of common stock that the named executive officers have the right to acquire in the future, which have vested, or will vest within 60 days of August 31, 2025, but are deferred at the named executive officers election: Mr. Hyder 12,583; Mr. Jacobsen 39,557; Ms. Rendle 102,868; Mr. Reynolds 26,499; and all current executive officers as a group 157,521. (2) The numbers in the table above do not include the following numbers of shares of common stock that the non-management directors have the right to acquire upon the termination of their service as directors pursuant to DSUs granted under the Independent Directors Stock-Based Compensation Plan: Mr. Breber 765; Ms. Denman 2,801; Mr. Fleischer 18,799; Ms. Lee 13,877; Mr. Mackay 9.347; Ms. Plaines 5,413; Mr. Shattock 17,070; Mr. Weiner 15,354; and Mr. Williams 19,458. Due to the timing of when they joined the Board and since they have not elected to defer cash compensation into DSUs, neither Ms. Boswell nor Mr. Bratspies currently has DSUs reflected in their deferral account. Please refer to the Director Compensation section of this proxy statement for further details on the DSUs granted to non-management directors. The total financial commitment of each non-management director in the Company s common stock is more fully appreciated if the number of shares of common stock listed above in the column entitled Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership is added to the number of DSUs set forth in this footnote. (3) On August 31, 2025, there were 121,683,474 shares of common stock outstanding. (4) Based on information contained in a report on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, The Vanguard Group reported, as of December 29, 2023, sole dispositive power with respect to 14,672,619 shares, shared voting power with respect to 164,013 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 556,279 shares. (5) Based on information contained in a report on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on July 17, 2025, BlackRock, Inc. reported, as of June 30, 2025 sole voting power with respect to 8,960,192 shares and sole dispositive power with respect to all shares reported. (6) Based on information contained in a report on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 25, 2024, State Street Corporation reported, as of December 31, 2023, shared voting power with respect to 5,329,376 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 8,401,550 shares. (7) Mr. Fleischer is not being renominated for re-election in accordance with the Board s retirement policy and, therefore, will be retiring from the Board as of the date of the Annual Meeting. (8) On September 4, 2025, Mr. Reynolds acquired 15,210 shares through a stock option exercise and sold 15,041 shares, as reported on a Form 4 filed with the SEC on September 8, 2025. (9) Pursuant to Rule 3b-7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), executive officers include the Company s CEO and all executive vice presidents. The figure reflects ownership, as of August 31, 2025, of the executive officers as of the date of this proxy statement, who are set forth in the Executive Officers section of this proxy statement. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Executive Compensation 43 Executive Compensation Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation We are seeking a non-binding, advisory vote pursuant to Section 14A of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), from our shareholders to approve the compensation of our NEOs that are listed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. This proposal gives our shareholders the opportunity to express their views on the Company s executive compensation and is commonly referred to as a say-on-pay proposal. This vote is only advisory and will not be binding upon the Company or the Board. However, the MDCC, which is responsible for designing and administering the Company s executive compensation program, values the opinions expressed by shareholders and encourages all shareholders to vote their shares on this matter. As discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement, which begins on pg 44, the Company s compensation programs are designed to align pay with performance, by delivering the majority of executive pay through at-risk incentive awards that help ensure realized pay is tied to attaining operation goals and sustainable appreciation in shareholder value. The Board urges you to consider the factors discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section when deciding how to vote on this Proposal 2. At our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, our shareholders overwhelmingly approved our executive compensation policies, with approximately 93% of votes cast in favor of our proposal. We value this positive endorsement by our shareholders and believe that the outcome signals our shareholders support of our compensation program, and we continued our general approach to compensation for fiscal year 2025. We provide our shareholders the opportunity to vote on the compensation of our NEOs every year and expect that the next vote on executive compensation will be at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Board s Recommendation The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the advisory vote to approve executive compensation. The Company is asking its shareholders to support the compensation of the NEOs as described in this proxy statement. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our NEOs in fiscal year 2025 and the philosophy, policies, and practices underlying that compensation, which are described in this proxy statement. The Board believes that the Company s overall compensation process effectively implements its compensation philosophy and achieves its goals. Accordingly, the Board recommends a vote FOR the adoption of the following advisory resolution, which will be presented at the Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that the shareholders of The Clorox Company approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the named executive officers, as disclosed in The Clorox Company s proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table, and the other related tables and disclosure. Vote Required The affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power present in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the matter is required to approve this proposal. This vote is advisory, and therefore not binding on the Company, the Board, or the MDCC. However, the Board and the MDCC value the opinions of the Company s shareholders and, to the extent there is any significant vote against the NEOs compensation as disclosed in the proxy statement, the MDCC will evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address shareholder concerns. The people designated in the proxy and voting instruction card will vote your shares FOR approval unless you include instructions to the contrary. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis 44 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Introduction This Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) describes our executive compensation philosophy and program, the compensation decisions made under this program, and the specific factors we considered in making those decisions. This CD A focuses on the compensation of our NEOs for fiscal year 2025, who were: Table of Contents Executive Summary 45 The Management Development and Compensation Committee Report 58 Overview 45 Our Company 45 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 58 Fiscal Year 2025 Business Highlights 46 Looking Ahead 47 Our Executive Compensation Program 47 Executive Compensation Philosophy 47 How We Make Compensation Decisions 48 Executive Compensation Governance 50 Executive Compensation Framework 53 Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers 54 Base Salary 54 Annual Incentives 54 Long-Term Incentives 56 Retirement Plans 57 Post-Termination Compensation 58 Perquisites 58 The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis 45 Executive Summary Overview Clorox financial results were mixed during fiscal year 2025. We navigated through a complex year with the remaining impacts from our August 2023 cyberattack, macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties, and preparation for our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system transition. We continued to deliver the strong earnings and margin performance we have been building since fiscal year 2023 and had a strong first half for sales, but as our categories slowed, competition increased, and consumer behavior shifted, we did not deliver the market share progress and sales growth we planned in the second half. Our incentive plan results are directly tied to Clorox performance. Our short-term incentive plan payout reflected mixed financial results in fiscal year 2025, while our long-term incentive plan payout reflected two years of performance above expectations and one year below expectations. The company multiplier for our short-term incentive for fiscal year 2025 was 80%. This result was driven by net customer sales below target, strong gross margin results, and solid net earnings performance for the year. (Results exclude the impact of ERP transition-related shipments. See note on pg 47.) Performance share units completing their performance period at the end of fiscal year 2025 paid out at 133%. The performance-based award covering fiscal years 2023 through 2025 was measured based on economic profit (EP) growth during the three-year performance period, including two years exceeding our plan s maximum performance level and one year below our plan s performance threshold. The MDCC continues to evolve our program. As we look ahead to fiscal year 2026, we remain committed to our pay-for-performance philosophy. The MDCC will continue to evaluate incentive plan changes based on the evolution of our competitive market and Clorox s long-term transformational business plan. Our Company Clorox is a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products with fiscal year 2025 net sales of $7.1 billion and about 7,600 employees worldwide as of June 30, 2025. We have operations in approximately 25 countries or territories and sell our products in approximately 100 markets, primarily through mass retailers; grocery outlets; warehouse clubs; dollar stores; home hardware centers; drug, pet and military stores; third-party and Clorox-owned e-commerce channels; and distributors. Clorox markets some of the most trusted and recognized consumer brand names, including our namesake bleach, cleaning and disinfecting products; Pine-Sol and Tilex cleaners; Liquid-Plumr clog removers; Poett home care products; Glad bags and wraps; Fresh Step cat litter; Kingsford grilling products; Hidden Valley dressings, dips, seasonings and sauces; Brita water-filtration products; and Burt s Bees natural personal care products. We also market industry-leading products and technologies for professional customers, including those sold under the CloroxPro and Clorox Healthcare brand names. About 80% of our sales are generated from brands that hold the No. 1 or No. 2 market share position in their categories. Our ongoing IGNITE strategy accelerates innovation in key areas of the business to drive growth and deliver value for all Clorox stakeholders. IGNITE which we initiated in fiscal year 2019 focuses on four strategic choices aimed at fueling long-term, profitable growth; innovating consumer experiences; reimagining how the company and our people work; and continuously evolving our product portfolio. In addition, IGNITE s integrated approach to sustainability supports long-term value creation for Clorox and our stakeholders. See the Our Company section earlier in this proxy statement on pg 13 for more information about IGNITE. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis 46 Fiscal Year 2025 Business Highlights The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis 47 During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, retailers placed orders in advance of the ERP transition in the U.S. to minimize any potential inventory impacts during the implementation phase. These incremental shipments provided a benefit to net sales in fiscal year 2025. As retailers draw down on this inventory in fiscal year 2026, a year-over-year sales reduction is expected to result. This activity crossing fiscal years impacts comparability and target-setting for fiscal year 2026 incentives. Looking Ahead The impact of continued volatility in macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical instability, including actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign trade, economic, and other policies including tariffs, ongoing conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine, the potential for escalation in hostilities between the U.S. and Iran, and rising tensions between China and Taiwan, has increased global macroeconomic and political uncertainty regarding the duration and resolution of the conflicts, the potential escalation of tensions and potential economic, and global trade and supply chain disruptions. These factors are difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. For fiscal year 2026, we anticipate the operating environment will remain volatile and challenging. Consumers may face greater pressure as continued macroeconomic uncertainty impacts spending. In this environment, our primary focus is on reinvigorating profitable category growth just as we have done many times before and we are well-positioned to support that objective with strong margins and a healthy balance sheet. Our Executive Compensation Program Executive Compensation Philosophy A core principle of our compensation philosophy is to align pay with performance. We do so by delivering the majority of executive pay through at-risk incentive awards that help ensure realized pay is tied to attainment of critical operational goals and sustainable growth in shareholder value. This approach is designed to accomplish the following: Objective How we achieve this Pay for Performance We reward performance that drives achievement of Clorox s short- and long-term goals and, ultimately, shareholder value. Align Management and Shareholder Interests We provide long-term, stock-based incentives and encourage a culture of ownership with stock retention guidelines. We reward executive officers for sustained performance as measured by operating results and shareholder value creation. Attract, Retain, and Motivate Talented Executives We maintain pay targets and program designs that are competitive versus external market practices and allow Clorox to be a magnet for high-performing executives. Address Risk-Management Considerations We motivate our executives to create long-term shareholder value and discourage behavior that could lead to unnecessary or excessive risk-taking by providing a balance of fixed and at-risk pay, with short-term and long-term performance horizons, using a variety of metrics tied to key drivers of sustainable value creation. Support Financial Efficiency We ensure that cash- and stock-based incentive payouts are appropriately driven by performance, and design awards to minimize unnecessary accounting charges. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis 48 How We Make Compensation Decisions Roles and Responsibilities in Setting Executive Compensation Management Development and Compensation Committee The MDCC regularly reviews the design and implementation of our executive compensation program and reports on its discussions and actions to the Board. The MDCC oversees our executive compensation program; approves the performance goals and strategic objectives for our CEO and evaluates results against those targets each year; determines and approves the compensation of our CEO (after consulting with the other independent members of the Board), our other NEOs, and other executives, including those covered by Section 16 of the Exchange Act; and approves the structure of our annual cash- and stock-based incentive plans. The MDCC makes its determinations about executive compensation based on a variety of factors, including Clorox s performance, individual executives performance, peer group data, and recommendations from its independent compensation consultant and management. The MDCC evaluates individual performance holistically, based on each executive s strategic, financial, operational, sustainability, and leadership contributions, the individual s skill set relative to industry peers, overall experience and time in the position, retention risk and difficulty of replacement, expected future contributions, readiness for promotion to a higher level, the criticality of the individual s role, and scope relative to that of other executives. In determining the compensation package for each of our NEOs other than our CEO, the MDCC receives input and recommendations from our CEO and our Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer. Executives do not have a role in the determination of their own compensation. Board of Directors The independent members of the Board undertake a thorough process to review our CEO s annual performance, with each independent director providing candid feedback and observations. The Board considers a variety of substantive factors it has identified as being most important for effective CEO performance. For fiscal year 2025, the areas of focus were driving growth, expanding margin, delivering transformation, achieving financial results, and providing strong leadership. The full Board discusses the evaluations of our CEO s performance against these factors and then provides its input on CEO compensation to the MDCC. The MDCC, after evaluating input from the Board and its independent compensation consultant, makes a final determination on our CEO s compensation. The Board s feedback and observations are shared in aggregate with our CEO. Our CEO does not have a role in her own compensation determination other than participating in a discussion with the Board regarding her performance relative to specific targets and strategic objectives set at the beginning of the fiscal year, which the Board considers in both its compensation determination and when setting performance targets for the upcoming fiscal year. Independent Compensation Consultant The MDCC retains the services of an independent compensation consulting firm to assist in the performance of its duties. During fiscal year 2025, the MDCC used the services of FW Cook. FW Cook s work with the MDCC included data analysis, guidance, and recommendations on the following topics: compensation levels relative to our peers, market trends in incentive plan design, risk and reward structure of executive compensation plans, and other policies and practices, including the policies and views of third-party proxy advisory firms. FW Cook has provided the MDCC with appropriate assurances and confirmation of its independent status in accordance with the MDCC s charter and other considerations, including factors specified in the NYSE listing standards. The MDCC believes FW Cook has been independent throughout its service to the MDCC and that there is no conflict of interest between FW Cook or individuals at FW Cook and the MDCC, Clorox s executive officers, or Clorox. FW Cook does not work for Clorox apart from its services to the MDCC. Chief Executive Officer Our CEO makes compensation recommendations to the MDCC for all executive officers other than herself. In making these recommendations, our CEO evaluates the performance of the executive officers and considers their responsibilities as well as the compensation analysis provided by the independent compensation consultant. Other Members of Management Senior human resources management provides analyses regarding competitive practices and pay ranges, compensation programs, stock awards, and benefit plans (including perquisites). Senior human resources, legal, and finance executives attend non-executive sessions of the MDCC meetings to provide additional perspective and expertise, as appropriate based on the topics discussed at any given meeting. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis 49 Say-on-Pay Vote and Shareholder Engagement At our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, we asked our shareholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the fiscal year 2024 compensation granted to our NEOs, commonly referred to as a say-on-pay vote. Our shareholders overwhelmingly approved the compensation to our NEOs, with approximately 93% of votes cast in favor of our proposal, signaling their support of our compensation program. We continued our general approach to compensation for fiscal year 2025, specifically our pay-for-performance philosophy and our efforts to attract, retain, and motivate our NEOs. We value the opinions of our shareholders and will continue to consider the results from advisory votes on executive compensation, as well as feedback received from our shareholders throughout the year, when making compensation decisions for our NEOs. Use of Market Data The MDCC uses a peer group of consumer products companies (the compensation peer group) to help determine competitive compensation rates for our executive officers, including the NEOs. The compensation peer group was selected by the MDCC, with input from FW Cook, and is used to evaluate levels of executive compensation and compensation practices within the consumer products industry. At the time of our compensation peer group review in May 2025, Clorox was at the 48th percentile for market capitalization and 23rd percentile for revenue compared with the compensation peer group in effect for compensation analyses occurring in fiscal year 2025. The MDCC intends to review the compensation peer group again next year, taking into consideration changes in our position versus the overall group based on market capitalization, revenue, and other factors. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis 50 Management engaged Aon to obtain and aggregate compensation data for the compensation peer group and this data was used to advise the MDCC on setting target compensation for our NEOs for fiscal year 2025. FW Cook reviewed this information and performed an independent compensation analysis of the compensation peer group data to advise the MDCC. Although each individual component of executive compensation is reviewed, our overall goal is to target total direct compensation competitively relative to the median of the compensation peer group. Other factors, such as an executive s level of experience or scope of role, may result in target total direct compensation for individual NEOs being set higher or lower within a competitive range. Executive Compensation Governance We are focused on creating an effective compensation program aligning our key strategic objectives with the interests of our shareholders. We believe our executive pay provides reasonable and appropriate incentives to our executive officers to achieve our financial and strategic goals without encouraging them to take excessive risks in their business decisions. To reinforce this, we have adopted policies guiding our compensation practices as summarized below. Tally Sheets. To help ensure our executive compensation design is aligned with our overall compensation philosophy of pay for performance and total compensation levels are appropriate, the MDCC annually reviews compensation tally sheets for each of our NEOs. These tally sheets outline current target total compensation, the potential wealth creation of long-term incentive (LTI) awards granted to our officers under various potential stock prices, and the potential value of payouts under various termination scenarios. These tally sheets help provide the MDCC with a comprehensive understanding of all elements of our compensation program and enable the MDCC to consider changes to our compensation program, arrangements, and plans based on leading practices and emerging trends. Stock Award Granting Practices. Clorox typically grants LTI awards each September at a regularly scheduled MDCC meeting. The meeting date, or a later date as determined by the MDCC at the September meeting, is the effective grant date for the awards, and the exercise/grant price is equal to the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. The MDCC may also occasionally grant stock-based awards at other times to recognize, retain, or recruit executive officers. The Clorox Company 2025 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis 51 Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines. To align the interests of our executive officers and our shareholders, all executive officers are expected to build and maintain a significant level of direct stock ownership. Ownership levels may be achieved in a variety of ways, such as by retaining stock received upon the exercise of stock options or the vesting of stock awards