=== CLX_2025-08-08.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on risks from cybersecurity threats that are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s business strategy, results of operations and financial condition. Governance Management The Chief Information Security and Infrastructure Officer (CISIO) is responsible for the Company s cybersecurity risk management program. The CISIO oversees the Company s technology risk management team . This team works in partnership with the legal, financial reporting controls and internal audit functions to review information technology-related internal controls with the Company s independent auditors as part of the overall internal controls process. The CISIO has IT and information security experience, including enterprise risk management leadership, and holds a Certified Information Security Manager certification from the Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA) . The CISIO reports to the Chief Information and Data Officer (CIDO), who is a member of the Clorox Executive Committee and reports directly to the CEO. The CIDO has experience overseeing and executing technology strategies and implementations in complex, global organizations. The CIDO has been in this role for the Company since June 2020 and has experience leading technology strategy in the consumer packaged goods, manufacturing and retail industries. The Company has established the Clorox Information Security Executive Committee (CISEC) which oversees the information security strategy, policies and practices of the Company. The CISEC supports the Company s objective of maintaining a strong cybersecurity posture and culture by overseeing alignment between the Company s cybersecurity objectives and business goals, risk exposure, and compliance requirements. The CISEC is chaired by the CISIO and includes in its membership the CIDO and Chief Legal and External Affairs Officer, who are both members of the Clorox Executive Committee, as well as the Chief Accounting Officer and Controller and the Vice President, Internal Audit, among other management. The CISIO also provides 21 Table of Contents periodic reports to the Clorox Executive Committee and to the Audit Committee. These reports may include updates on critical information security and cybersecurity risks and the threat landscape; cybersecurity improvement initiatives, the internal control environment, ongoing internal audit activities; and, if relevant, the status of actions taken with respect to significant cybersecurity incidents . Board of Directors The Board, through the Audit Committee, is responsible for the oversight of the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and IT risks and its framework and guidelines with respect to risk assessment and risk management . The Audit Committee receives quarterly updates on the topics set forth above from the CISIO, CIDO, and Chief Legal and External Affairs Officer. The Board retains responsibility for the overall process of assessing and managing major risks facing the Company and receives updates regarding information security and cybersecurity risks as part of its oversight of ERM. The CIDO and Chief Legal and External Affairs Officer provide quarterly updates to the Board on topics that may include information security and cybersecurity matters. The Board may also be notified and engaged as part of the Company's cybersecurity incident response plans, depending on the severity of the impact of an incident. The Board and Audit Committee include directors with knowledge, skills and experience in data security, privacy, IT governance, and management of cyber risks. 