=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-26-000016_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedapr.htm EX-99.1 Document Clorox Reports Q3 Fiscal Year 2026 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., April 30, 2026 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2026, which ended March 31, 2026. Third-Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the third quarter. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. Net sales of $1.67 billion were flat versus the year-ago quarter. Organic sales 1 decreased 1%. Gross margin decreased 140 basis points to 43.2% from 44.6% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by higher manufacturing and logistics costs and unfavorable mix, partially offset by cost savings. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 3% to $1.54 from $1.50 in the year-ago quarter. This includes lapping cyberattack insurance recoveries in the prior period, lower costs related to the company's investment in its digital capabilities and productivity enhancements in the current period, partially offset by costs associated with the acquisition of GOJO Industries (GOJO). Adjusted EPS 1 increased 13% to $1.64 from $1.45 in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by cost savings, lower advertising investments and lower selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by higher manufacturing and logistics costs and unfavorable mix. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $282 million compared to $687 million in the year-ago period, representing a 59% decrease, primarily due to the Glad joint venture agreement termination payment. Our third-quarter results were mixed, with continued momentum in some parts of our portfolio and slower-than-anticipated market share recovery in others, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. Looking ahead, we recognize there is more work to do in what continues to be a challenging consumer and cost environment. We're focused on improving execution to accelerate market share progress in challenging areas while continuing to invest behind areas of strength. We re excited about the opportunities ahead as we expand our innovation pipeline and integrate Purell into our portfolio, reinforcing our confidence in our ability to deliver more consistent, profitable growth over time. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent strategic and operational highlights Completed its acquisition of GOJO Industries on April 1, expanding the company s product portfolio to include the Purell brand and GOJO's health and hygiene solutions. Continued to invest in value superiority through innovation across its portfolio, including Hidden Valley Ranch with Avocado Oil, YumYum Ranch and Parmesan Ranch Seasoning, Kingsford Craftsmoke Pellets, the expansion of Burt s Bees Lip Treats platform and a new skincare line, enhanced packaging and formulation options for Fresh Step, as well as expanded scent offerings across Clorox, Glad, and Pine-Sol. Clorox PURE continued to gain traction following its launch with velocities exceeding expectations. Clorox and Burt s Bees were recognized among the Most Trusted Brands of 2026 by USA TODAY, while Burt's Bees, Glad and Hidden Valley Ranch innovations were named the Best New Products in 2026 by Newsweek. The company was recognized among Barron's Most Sustainable Companies in the U.S. for the fourth consecutive year and named among America s Most Iconic Companies by Time Magazine. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key third-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales were essentially flat, driven by 1 point of higher volume, net of incremental shipments ahead of consumption in the prior quarter, partially offset by unfavorable price mix. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 decreased 7%, primarily due to higher manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by cost savings. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales increased 3%, driven by 3 points of higher volume, primarily due to shipment ahead of consumption in Cat Litter and Grilling. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 21%, primarily due to cost savings . Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales decreased 9%, driven by 6 points of lower volume primarily due to lower consumption and retail inventory adjustments. Segment adjusted EBIT was essentially flat, as the impact of lower net sales was offset by lower advertising investments and lower selling and administrative expenses. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales increased 8%, primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange rates and higher volume. Organic sales grew 2%. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 16%, primarily due to higher net sales and cost savings, partially offset by higher manufacturing and logistics costs. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 13 Fiscal Year 2026 Outlook The company is updating its full-year outlook for net sales, gross margin and adjusted EPS for the latest performance and trajectory as well as the impact from the company s acquisition of GOJO Industries, which closed on April 1, 2026. The following are three key drivers of the company s fiscal year 2026 outlook one is transitory and the others are inorganic The most significant driver of the company s fiscal year 2026 outlook is a transitory one. The company shipped about two weeks of inventory ahead of consumption at the end of the fourth-quarter of fiscal year 2025 as retailers built inventory in advance of its ERP transition. The company expected retailers to draw down on these inventories in the first quarter of this fiscal year, resulting in year-over-year shipments decline. From a year-over-year sales growth perspective, the reduction in sales from this inventory draw down translates to about 7.5 points of decline in fiscal year 2026 as compared to the higher base in fiscal year 2025. Inven

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-26-000008_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedfeb.htm EX-99.1 Document Clorox Reports Q2 Fiscal Year 2026 Results, Confirms Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Feb. 3, 2026 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2026, which ended December 31, 2025. Second-Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the second quarter. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 1% to $1.67 billion, primarily driven by lower consumption and partially offset by shipments ahead of consumption for several businesses. Organic sales 1 decreased 1%. Gross margin decreased 60 basis points to 43.2% from 43.8% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by higher manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by cost savings. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) decreased 16% to $1.29 from $1.54 in the year-ago quarter. This includes lapping cyberattack insurance recoveries, as well as lower costs related to the company's investment in its digital capabilities and productivity enhancements in the current period. Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 10% to $1.39 from $1.55 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to lapping tax rate benefits in the prior period and lower gross profit. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $404 million compared to $401 million in the year-ago period, representing a 1% increase. Our second quarter results were generally in line with our expectations and reflect continued progress against our strategic priorities. These results support our ability to reaffirm our fiscal year outlook in what remains a challenging and volatile environment, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. We remain laser-focused on executing our back-half plans, supported by a strong slate of innovation and investments. At the same time, we are advancing our transformation and are excited to expand our leadership position in health and hygiene through our recently announced acquisition of GOJO Industries. We are well positioned to deliver more consistent, profitable growth and long-term shareholder value. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent strategic and operational highlights Entered into a definitive agreement to acquire GOJO Industries, adding Purell to the company s portfolio of trusted brands and expanding its position in health and hygiene for consumers and businesses around the world. Successfully completed the final phase of its U.S. ERP implementation in January, marking a major milestone in the company's digital transformation. Introduced new products across its portfolio, including the new allergen-neutralizing platform, Clorox PURE, expanded scent offerings for Clorox Scentiva Bleach, Glad's first liquid-locking ForceFlex MaxStrength LeakGuard Trash Bags, Burt s Bees' trend-forward Lip Butter and Lip Oil, along with limited-edition holiday offerings such as Kingsford Christmas Coal and Burt s Bees holiday gift sets. The company was named among America s Most Responsible Companies in 2026 by Newsweek. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key second-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales increased 2%, driven by 2 points of higher volume, primarily due to incremental shipments related to the final phase of the ERP transition and strong shipments in Professional Products. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 decreased 2%, primarily due to higher manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by higher net sales. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 6%, driven by 3 points of lower volume and 3 points of unfavorable price mix. The volume decrease was primarily due to lower consumption. Unfavorable price mix was primarily due to a shift to larger sizes in Bags and Wraps. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 54%, mainly due to higher manufacturing and logistics costs and lower net sales, partially offset by cost savings . Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales decreased 5%, driven by 5 points of lower volume primarily due to lower consumption. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 3%, primarily due to lower advertising investments and partially offset by lower net sales. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales increased 7%, mainly driven by favorable price mix, favorable foreign exchange rates and higher volume. Organic sales grew 5%. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 48%, primarily due to higher net sales and cost savings. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 13 Fiscal Year 2026 Outlook The company is maintaining its full-year outlook for net sales, gross margin and adjusted EPS. The impact of the order fulfillment challenges experienced earlier in the year, which led to consumption and market share losses, keeps the company's current expectations in the lower end of the range. This outlook does not include the impact from the company s acquisition of GOJO Industries, which is currently expected to close before the end of fiscal year 2026. The most significant driver of the company s fiscal year 2026 outlook is a transitory one. The company shipped about two weeks of inventory ahead of consumption at the end of the fourth-quarter of fiscal year 2025 as retailers built inventory in advance of its ERP transition. The company expected retailers to draw down on these inventories in the first quarter of this fiscal year, resulting in year-over-year shipments decline. From a year-over-year sales growth perspective, the reduction in sales from this inventory draw down translates to about 7.5 points of decline in fiscal year 2026 as compared to the higher base in fiscal year 2025. Inventory draw down is expected to reduce fiscal year 2026 earnings per share by about 90 cents. In comparison to the higher base in fiscal year 2025, this results in a year-over-year reduction o

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-25-000051_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatednov.htm EX-99.1 Document Clorox Reports Q1 Fiscal Year 2026 Results, Updates Outlook Reports sales and earnings decline primarily due to expected impact of ERP transition OAKLAND, Calif., November 3, 2025 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, which ended September 30, 2025. First-Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the first quarter, which reflects the impact from incremental shipments associated with the enterprise resource planning transition in the U.S. (incremental ERP shipments) in the prior fiscal year and the prior divestiture of the Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) business. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. At the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, the company shipped about two weeks of inventory ahead of consumption as retailers built up stock in anticipation of its ERP transition. As retailers drew down on these inventories this quarter, it resulted in year-over-year shipment decline. Net sales decreased 19% to $1.43 billion, primarily driven by lower shipments related to the ERP transition. Organic sales 1 decreased 17%, driven mainly by lower volume related to its ERP transition. Gross margin decreased 410 basis points to 41.7% from 45.8% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by lower volume and higher manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by cost savings. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) decreased 19% to $0.65 from $0.80 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to lower net sales in the current period and partially offset by the loss relating to the divestiture of the Better Health VMS business in the prior period. Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 54% to $0.85 from $1.86 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to lower net sales related to its ERP transition. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $93 million compared to $221 million in the year-ago period, representing a 58% decrease, primarily due to the impact of its ERP transition. This quarter s ERP launch marks a significant milestone in our transformation journey, empowering faster execution, greater productivity, and deeper insights all aimed at delivering superior value to our consumers, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle As with any rollout of this scale, we experienced some temporary disruptions that affected our market share. With the majority of the rollout now behind us, our focus is now squarely on accelerating profitable growth through innovation and strong demand-creation initiatives in the second half of this fiscal year. Leveraging our rich consumer insights and new advanced digital tools, we re well positioned to drive growth and continue delivering superior value even as consumers navigate ongoing uncertainty and volatility. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent strategic and operational highlights Introduced new products inspired by emerging consumer trends that deliver superior value, including Clorox Screen+ Sanitizing Wipes, Glad ForceFlex Apple Cinnamon scented trash bags, Hidden Valley Ranch Dippers Toppers, as well as platform-expanding innovations like the Burt s Bees Lip Milk, and Boosted Body Daily Lotion, Whipped Butter and Moisturizing Melt. Successfully completed the first two phases of its U.S. ERP implementation and is on track to finish the third and final phase this winter. The company is well positioned to accelerate its digital transformation through productivity gains and better insights all in service of delivering clearly superior experiences to consumers. The Clorox brand received Kantar's Outstanding Innovation Award, while the company was named among America s Greatest Companies and the World's Most Trustworthy Companies by Newsweek, as well as one of the World s Top Companies for Women by Forbes. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key first-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 19%, driven by 18 points of lower volume and about 1 point of unfavorable price mix. Lower volume was mainly driven by shipment decline as retailers drew down on the incremental inventory they built in advance of its ERP transition in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales decreased 19%, driven by 16 points of lower volume and 3 points of unfavorable price mix. The volume decrease was primarily due to lower shipments related to the ERP transition. Unfavorable price mix was primarily driven by strong shipments to the Club channel. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 decreased 47%, primarily due to lower net sales and higher manufacturing and logistics costs. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 19%, driven by 18 points of lower volume and 1 point of unfavorable price mix. Lower volume was primarily due to lower shipments related to the ERP transition. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 55%, primarily due to lower net sales. Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales decreased 23%, driven by 22 points of lower volume driven mainly by lower shipments related to the ERP transition and 1 point of unfavorable price mix. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 42%, primarily due to lower net sales, partially offset by lower advertising investments as compared to the prior period. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales decreased 2%, mainly driven by lower volume, primarily due to lower shipments related to the ERP transition. Organic sales decreased 2%. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 46%, mainly driven by higher manufacturing and logistics costs. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 14 ERP Transition Impact During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, retailers placed orders in advance of the company's ERP system transition in the U.

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-25-000035_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedjul.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q4 and FY25 Results, Provides FY26 Outlook Delivers strong margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth for FY25 despite challenging environment in the second half of the fiscal year OAKLAND, California, July 31, 2025 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2025, which ended June 30, 2025. Fourth-Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Summary The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results, which reflect the temporary benefit from incremental shipments related to building retailer inventory in advance of the enterprise resource planning transition in the U.S. (incremental ERP shipments) and the impact from the prior divestiture of the Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) business. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 4% to $2.0 billion, primarily driven by the impacts of the incremental ERP shipments, partially offset by the divestiture of the VMS business and unfavorable price mix. Organic sales 1 increased 8%. Incremental ERP shipments contributed about 13 to 14 points of benefit to net sales. Gross margin was 46.5%, essentially flat versus the year-ago quarter, primarily due to higher volume and cost savings, offset by both higher manufacturing and logistics costs and trade promotion spending. Incremental ERP shipments contributed about 150 basis points of benefit to gross margin. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 55% to $2.68 from $1.73 in the year-ago quarter. The increase includes lapping the implementation of the company's streamlined operating model partially offset by insurance recoveries, net of incremental costs, related to the August 2023 cyberattack in the prior period. Adjusted EPS 1 increased 58% to $2.87 from $1.82 in the year-ago quarter, due in part to higher volume. The benefit from incremental ERP shipments is estimated to be about 85 to 95 cents. While we delivered strong margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth for the year, we did not meet our topline expectations in the back half. We continued to see rapidly shifting consumer behaviors and broader market volatility which we expect to continue, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. At the same time, we advanced our long-term strategy and began the implementation of our new ERP system in the U.S. This digital transformation supports our long-term financial goals through modernized capabilities, which will accelerate growth and deliver stronger efficiencies. As we look to fiscal year 2026, we remain focused on operational excellence and driving category and market share improvements. With more work to do, we are confident in the strength of our strategy, the resilience of our portfolio of trusted brands, and our ability to deliver value for consumers, customers and shareholders over the long term. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business achievements Delivered another quarter of strong cost savings as part of the company's effort to expand margin while growing overall market shares and organic sales for the fiscal year. Executed strong preparation, which included building retailer inventory, ahead of its ERP launch in the U.S. at the beginning of fiscal year 2026 as part of its ongoing work to accelerate digital transformation through modernized technologies and processes. Continued to invest behind value superiority with innovations across major brands in fiscal year 2025, such as the relaunch of Poett's fragrance platform, enhanced durability in Glad ForceFlex MaxStrength trash bags, Fresh Step Heavy Duty and Health Monitoring Clumping Litter, Clorox Scentiva Bleach, the expansion of the Burt s Bees portfolio with Boosted Tinted Balm and Rescue Lip Relief, seven new Hidden Valley Ranch flavors as well as product partnerships with Hot Pockets, Taco Bell, Burger King, and DiGiorno. Named a Best Company to Work For by U.S. News World Report, one of America s Greatest Workplaces by Newsweek and one of Forbes Net-Zero Leaders. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 4%, driven by 8 points of higher volume, partially offset by 4 points of unfavorable price mix. Higher volume was mainly driven by the incremental ERP shipments. Unfavorable price mix was driven mainly by unfavorable product mix and higher trade promotion, which was mainly driven by unfavorable trade expense timing. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales increased 14%, driven by 18 points of higher volume, partially offset by 4 points of unfavorable price mix. Higher volume was mainly driven by the incremental ERP shipments. Unfavorable price mix was driven by higher trade promotion spending and strong shipments to the Club channel. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 increased 20%, primarily driven by higher net sales and lower advertising, partially offset by both higher selling and administrative costs and manufacturing and logistics costs. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales increased 7%, driven by 13 points of higher volume, partially offset by 6 points of unfavorable price mix. Higher volume was mainly driven by the incremental ERP shipments, partially offset by lower consumption and increased competition. Unfavorable price mix was driven by unfavorable product mix, mainly due to Club merchandising in Litter. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 59%, primarily driven by higher volume. Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales increased 3%, driven by 8 points of higher volume, partially offset by 5 points of unfavorable price mix. Higher volume was mainly driven by the incremental ERP shipments, partially offset by lower consumption. Unfavorable price mix was driven by higher trade promotion spending and unfavorable product mix. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 54%, primarily driven by lower advertising. 2 A

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-25-000021_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedmay.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q3 Fiscal Year 2025 Results, Updates Outlook Delivers lower-than-expected sales amid a challenging and volatile consumer and geopolitical environment while maintaining overall market shares and delivering its 10th consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion OAKLAND, Calif., May 5, 2025 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2025, which ended Mar. 31, 2025. Third-Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the third quarter, which reflect the prior divestitures of the Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) and Argentina businesses. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 8% to $1.67 billion, primarily driven by the divestitures of the VMS and Argentina businesses. Organic sales 1 decreased 2%, primarily driven by unfavorable price mix. Organic volume was flat, primarily impacted by consumption slowdown across most of its businesses. Gross margin increased 240 basis points to 44.6% from 42.2% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by cost savings and the benefits from the divestitures of the VMS and Argentina businesses. Diluted net earnings (losses) per share (diluted EPS) increased 466% to $1.50 from a loss of $0.41 in the year-ago quarter. The increase includes lapping the loss relating to the divestiture of the Argentina business and the current-period benefit of cyberattack insurance recoveries. Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 15% to $1.45 from $1.71 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to lower net sales, partially offset by higher gross margin. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $687 million compared to $355 million in the year-ago period, representing a 94% increase. In the third quarter, heightened macroeconomic uncertainties drove changes in shopping behaviors, resulting in temporary category slowdowns and lower sales. We expect these slowdowns to persist in the fourth quarter, as reflected in our updated outlook, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. Despite this, our fundamentals remain strong as we held overall market shares and continued to expand margin while investing in our trusted brands. In this dynamic environment, we still expect to deliver organic sales growth and another year of strong earnings growth. I am confident in our ability to navigate the short-term given our strong brands and capabilities, while we continue to advance our long-term IGNITE strategy. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent strategic and operational highlights Maintained overall market shares in the face of complex geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions. Achieved the tenth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by another strong quarter of cost savings. Continued to introduce new product innovations to meet the needs of consumers, including Burt s Bees Boosted Tinted Balm and Rescue Lip Relief, Clorox Scentiva ToiletWand Refills, seven new Hidden Valley Ranch flavors as well as collaborations with Hot Pockets and DiGiorno, Fresh Step Health Monitoring Clumping Litter, and Pine-Sol Multi-Surface Cleaner in new Cherry Blossom scent. Achieved zero-waste-to-landfill status across all global manufacturing plants, where infrastructure allows. The company, along with its Clorox and Pine-Sol brands, was named among America s Most Trusted Brands by USA Today. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key third-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales increased 3%, driven by 7 points of higher volume partially offset by 4 points of unfavorable price mix. Higher volume was driven mainly by increased consumption in Cleaning. Unfavorable price mix was driven mainly by product mix as well as strong shipments to the Club channel. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 increased 10%, primarily behind lower manufacturing and logistics costs, higher net sales and cost savings, partially offset by higher advertising investments. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 11%, driven by 9 points of lower volume and 2 points of unfavorable price mix. Lower volume was driven mainly by lower consumption, a timing shift in Kingsford shipments, and retailer promotional timing and inventory adjustments in Litter toward the end of the quarter. Unfavorable price mix was driven mainly by higher trade spending. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 18%, primarily due to lower net sales partially offset by cost savings. Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales decreased 3%, driven by 2 points of lower volume driven mainly by lower consumption and 1 point of unfavorable price mix. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 6%, primarily due to lower net sales. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales decreased 15%, mainly driven by the impact of the Argentina divestiture. Excluding Argentina and 3 points of foreign exchange rate changes, organic sales grew 2%, primarily driven by 1 point of organic volume growth. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 18%, mainly driven by the Argentina divestiture partially offset by cost savings. Excluding Argentina, adjusted segment EBIT was up. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 16 Fiscal Year 2025 Outlook The company is updating its fiscal year 2025 outlook to reflect two main changes. The first is to reflect recent changes in the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, including its impact on Clorox s categories and consumers, as well as the impact of tariffs on earnings. Second, the outlook has also been updated to include the latest estimated impact from incremental shipments related to the company s ERP transition. The company is updating the following elements of its fiscal year 2025 outlook The company now expects 

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-25-000010_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedfeb.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q2 Fiscal Year 2025 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Feb. 3, 2025 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, which ended Dec. 31, 2024. Alongside these results, the company also announced that Clorox and P G have jointly decided to wind down the Glad bags and wraps joint venture as of Jan. 31, 2026, and the company intends to acquire P G s 20% interest in the venture at its termination. Second-Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the second quarter, which reflect the lapping of the operational recovery following the August 2023 cyberattack. Results also reflect the prior divestitures of the Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) and Argentina businesses. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 15% to $1.69 billion compared to a 16% net sales increase in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was primarily driven by lapping the impact of retail inventory restoration following the August 2023 cyberattack and the divestitures of the VMS and Argentina businesses. Organic sales 1 decreased 9%. Gross margin increased 30 basis points to 43.8% from 43.5% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by cost savings and the benefits from the divestitures of the VMS and Argentina businesses, partially offset by lower cost absorption and higher manufacturing and logistics and commodities costs. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 105% to $1.54 from 75 cents in the year-ago quarter. The increase includes lapping the pension settlement charge and incremental cyberattack expenses, and the current-period benefit of cyberattack insurance recoveries. Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 28% to $1.55 from $2.16 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to lower net sales, partially offset by cost savings. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $401 million compared to $173 million in the year-ago period, representing a 132% increase. We achieved better-than-expected results across sales, margin and EPS in the second quarter due to our strong demand creation plans, which also supported our share growth. Our results underscore the resiliency of our portfolio as we continue to invest in our brands to deliver superior value to win with consumers at a time when they need it most, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. We are further advancing our transformation as we embark upon a significant milestone with our Enterprise Resource Planning transition in the U.S., resulting in our updated outlook. I am confident that we are taking the right actions to deliver strong financial performance and long term, profitable growth. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent strategic and operational highlights Grew share in seven of its eight categories, supported by strong demand creation plans as the company laps the impact of the cyberattack. Launched platform-expanding innovations including the new Hidden Valley Ranch Easy Squeeze bottle and collaborations with Taco Bell and Burger King, the relaunch of Poett's fragrance platform with essential oils and new scents, a full suite of Brita Plus pitchers and dispensers, and the new Fresh Step Heavy Duty Litter. Seeing strong continued success with previously introduced innovation such as Bahama Bliss scented Glad ForceFlex MaxStrength trash bags. Achieved the ninth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by another strong quarter of cost savings. The company is on track to fully rebuild gross margin in fiscal year 2025. Recognized with the Household Commercial Products Association s 2024 Innovation Award for Technology for using AI in development of Clorox Foaming Toilet Bomb Toilet Bowl Cleaner and received the ISSA Environment Sustainability Innovation of the Year Award for Clorox EcoClean Disinfecting Wipes. Achieved zero-waste-to-landfill (ZWtL) status at its litter manufacturing plant in Martinsburg, West Virginia, marking continued progress toward its goal to achieve ZWtL in 100% of its global facilities where infrastructure allows by 2030. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key second-quarter results by reportable segment. Second-quarter results reflect the lapping of the retail inventory restoration following the August 2023 cyberattack. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales decreased 13%, driven by 11 points of lower volume and 2 points of unfavorable price mix. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 decreased 25%, primarily behind lower net sales. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 11%, driven by 11 points of lower volume. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 48%, primarily due to lower net sales and higher manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by cost savings. Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales decreased 16%, driven by 16 points of lower volume. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 36%, primarily due to lower net sales. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales decreased 12%, mainly driven by the impact of the Argentina divestiture. Excluding Argentina and 2 points of foreign exchange rate changes, organic sales 1 grew 6%, driven by 6 points of organic volume growth. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 34%, mainly driven by the Argentina divestiture. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 15 Joint Venture to End, Clorox to Acquire P G s Interest in Glad Business Clorox and P G have jointly decided to wind down the Glad bags and wraps joint venture. It will end on Jan. 31, 2026, and Clorox intends to acquire P G s 20% interest in the venture at its termination. Clorox s purchase of P G s interest in the Glad business will be at a fair market value as established by predetermined contractual 

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-24-000038_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedoct.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q1 Fiscal Year 2025 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Oct. 30, 2024 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, which ended Sep. 30, 2024. First-Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the first quarter, which reflect the lapping of the impacts of the August 2023 cyberattack and include the company's Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) business through its sale date of Sept. 10, 2024. Results also reflect the prior divestiture of the Argentina business. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 27% to $1.76 billion compared to a 20% net sales decrease in the year-ago quarter. The increase was driven largely by higher volume reflecting the lapping of the cyberattack. Organic sales 1 were up 31%. Gross margin increased 740 basis points to 45.8% from 38.4% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by higher volume and cost savings. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 371% to $0.80 from $0.17 in the year-ago quarter. The increase is driven by strong operational performance and lapping of the cyberattack, partially offset by a 94 cent charge from the sale of the Better Health VMS business. Adjusted EPS 1 increased 280% to $1.86 from $0.49 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to higher net sales and cost savings, partially offset by increased advertising investments. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $221 million compared to $20 million in the year-ago period, representing a 1,005% increase. We achieved better-than-expected results this quarter and fully restored overall market share, enabling us to maintain our sales outlook and raise our gross margin and EPS outlook for the year, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. As our consumers remain under pressure, we're focused on delivering superior value, strong innovation and continued investment in our brands to win with consumers and grow share. Anchored by the strength of our portfolio and the advancement of our IGNITE strategy, we are confident we are taking the right steps to deliver consistent and profitable growth for the long-term. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and environmental, social and governance achievements Delivered double-digit organic sales growth 1 across all reportable segments, grew shares in most of its categories, and fully restored overall market share. Continued to invest behind value superiority with strong advertising, merchandising and platform-expanding innovations including Clorox Scentiva Bleach Lavender Jasmine, plant-based Clorox EcoClean Disinfecting Wipes and more durable Glad ForceFlex MaxStrength trash bags. Achieved the eighth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by another strong quarter of cost savings, and is on track to fully rebuild gross margin in fiscal year 2025. Completed the Better Health VMS divestiture, following on the prior sale of the Argentina business, to continue evolving the portfolio in support of the company s goal to reduce volatility and accelerate sales growth, as well as structurally improve its margin. Named a Safer Choice Partner of the Year by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for the seventh time, recognized as one of the World's Best Companies by Time, named one of the World's Most Trustworthy Companies by Newsweek and listed as one of America's Best Employers for Women by Forbes. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key first-quarter results by reportable segment. In addition to strong operational performance, first-quarter results reflect the lapping of the impacts of the August 2023 cyberattack. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales increased 38%, driven by 38 points of higher volume and 2 points of favorable mix, offset by 2 points of higher trade promotion spending. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 increased 126%, primarily behind higher net sales and cost savings, partially offset by increased advertising investments. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales increased 38%, with 43 points of higher volume partially offset by 5 points driven by unfavorable mix and higher trade promotion spending. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 1,600%, primarily due to higher net sales and cost savings, partially offset by higher advertising investments. Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales increased 40%, with 48 points of higher volume partially offset by 8 points driven by unfavorable mix and higher trade promotion spending. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 247%, due to higher net sales, partially offset by higher advertising investments. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 14 International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales decreased 4%, mainly driven by the impact of the Argentina divestiture and 2 points of unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Excluding Argentina and effects of foreign exchange rate changes, organic sales 1 grew 11%, driven by 11 points of organic volume growth. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 3%, due to higher volume growth excluding Argentina, partially offset by higher advertising investments. Divestiture of Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements Business As previously disclosed on Sep. 10, 2024, the company completed the divestiture of its Better Health VMS business in its entirety. The divested business includes the Natural Vitality, NeoCell, Rainbow Light and RenewLife brands, relevant trademarks and licenses, and associated manufacturing and distribution facilities in Sunrise, Florida. The transaction is in support of the company s IGNITE strategy and reflects the commitment to continue evolving its portfolio to reduce volatility and 

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-24-000027_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedaug.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q4 and FY24 Results, Provides FY25 Outlook Company Announces Sale of its Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements Business OAKLAND, California, Aug. 1, 2024 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024, which ended June 30, 2024. Alongside these results, the company also announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to divest its Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) business in its entirety to Piping Rock Health Products, LLC. Fourth-Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Summary The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 6% to $1.9 billion compared to an increase of 12% in the year-ago quarter. The net sales decrease was driven largely by the impacts of the Argentina divestiture, unfavorable price mix and lower volume. Organic sales 1 decreased 3%. Gross margin increased 380 basis points to 46.5% from 42.7% in the year-ago quarter primarily due to lower manufacturing and logistics costs, the benefit of cost savings initiatives and favorable commodity costs, partially offset by the impact of higher trade promotion spending. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 22% to $1.73 from $1.42 in the year-ago quarter. This includes insurance recoveries related to the cyberattack, net of incremental costs (17 cents), partially offset by continued investments in the company's long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements (14 cents) as well as implementation of the company's streamlined operating model (12 cents). Adjusted EPS 1 increased 9% to $1.82 from $1.67 in the year-ago quarter, due in part to higher gross margin and lower selling and administrative expenses. These factors were partially offset by lower net sales and higher advertising investments. We closed out the fiscal year with strong margin expansion and double-digit adjusted EPS growth despite substantial disruption and consumption loss from the cyberattack. While fully restoring supply and distribution, as well as recovering nearly all of our market share, we remained relentless in driving our IGNITE strategy forward. We made strong progress as we evolved our portfolio to accelerate profitable growth, completed the implementation of our streamlined operating model and advanced our digital transformation. We achieved all of this while continuing to invest strongly behind our brands to provide superior value in a challenging environment where consumers continue to seek value, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. While there is more work to do, we are confident that the actions we have taken, combined with the strength of our portfolio, position us well to deliver strong performance led by a return to volume growth in fiscal year 2025, consistent with our long-term goals. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and environmental, social and governance achievements Fully restored distribution losses and regained the vast majority of lost market share caused by the cyberattack, supported by full supply chain restoration and strong merchandising levels across the portfolio. Continued to invest behind value superiority with strong advertising and innovations across major brands in fiscal year 2024, such as Clorox Toilet Bomb Foaming Toilet Bowl Cleaner, Pine-Sol concentrated multi-surface cleaner, Brita Refillable Water Filtration System, seven new Hidden Valley Ranch flavors and new fragrances in the Glad ForceFlex Scented Trash Bag lineup. Achieved seventh consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by another strong quarter of cost savings, and are on track to fully rebuild gross margin in fiscal year 2025. Successfully completed implementation of the company s streamlined operating model, enhancing the ability to respond more quickly to changing consumer behaviors and innovate faster. Through this new model the company expects to deliver ongoing cost savings of approximately $100 million annually. Named a Best Company to Work For by U.S. News World Report, included in America s Climate Leaders by USA Today, listed as one of America s Best Employers for Diversity by Forbes, and recognized as one of the Best Companies for Equal Opportunity for Advancement by parity.org. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, unless otherwise stated. Prior periods presented have been recast to reflect the reportable segment changes effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales were essentially flat, driven by 2 points of higher volume offset by 2 points of unfavorable price mix. Cleaning sales increased, driven mainly by restored distribution and strong consumption supported by new innovations and increased merchandising. Professional Products sales decreased, driven mainly by lower shipments of Pine-Sol products as distributors transitioned to new Pine-Sol concentrated cleaner. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 increased 15%, driven by favorable manufacturing and logistics costs and lower selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by higher advertising investments. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 10%, driven by 5 points of lower volume and 5 points of unfavorable price mix. Bags and Wraps sales decreased, driven primarily by distribution recovery occurring late in the quarter, increased competitive activity and higher trade promotion spending. Cat Litter sales decreased, driven mainly by distribution recovery occurring late in the quarter, increased competitive activity and higher trade promotion spending. Grilling sales decreased, driven primarily by lower consumption due to unfavorable seasonal weather which impacted the overall category. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 31%, driven by lower net sales, 

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-24-000014_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedapr.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q3 Fiscal Year 2024 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Apr. 30, 2024 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, which ended Mar. 31, 2024. Third-Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the third quarter, which reflect continued operational recovery from the previously announced cyberattack. Third-quarter results reflect the March 20, 2024 divestiture of the company's Argentina business and all comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 5% to $1.81 billion compared to a 6% net sales increase in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was driven largely by lower volume from temporary distribution losses resulting from the widescale disruptions caused by the cyberattack as well as unfavorable foreign exchange rates, partially offset by favorable price mix. Organic sales 1 were up 2%. Gross margin increased 40 basis points to 42.2% from 41.8% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by the benefit of pricing and cost savings, partially offset by higher manufacturing and logistics costs, unfavorable foreign exchange rates and higher trade promotion spending. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 76% to a loss of $0.41 from a loss of $1.71 in the year-ago quarter. The increase was mainly due to the lapping of a noncash impairment charge in the Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements business from the year-ago period ($2.92), partially offset by the loss relating to the divestiture of the Argentina business ($1.85), continued investments in the company's long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements (16 cents), charges relating to implementation of the streamlined operating model (6 cents) as well as incremental expenses resulting from the cyberattack (5 cents). Adjusted EPS 1 increased 13% to $1.71 from $1.51 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to the benefits of pricing and cost savings, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates, higher manufacturing and logistics costs and lower volume. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $355 million compared to $728 million in the year-ago period, representing a 51% decrease. During the quarter, we made significant progress on our long-term strategies to drive profitable growth while also continuing to recover from the cyberattack. We executed well against our IGNITE strategy by evolving our portfolio with the divestiture of the Argentina business, launching innovation, investing in our brands, and delivering another quarter of gross margin expansion, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. While we experienced short-term cyberattack-related supply constraints in a few areas, which impacted sales, we expect to fully restore lost distribution by the end of the fourth quarter. We are on track to exit fiscal year 2024 with strong fundamentals and the right investments and plans in place to deliver against our strategic and financial objectives to enhance long-term shareholder value. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and environmental, social and governance achievements Returned to normalized service levels by the end of the third quarter, enabling the company to unlock merchandising and restore distribution in the fourth quarter. Achieved the sixth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by cost-justified pricing in International and cost savings, and are on track to fully rebuild margin over time. Made continued progress in restoring market share, with nearly 90% of cyberattack-related share losses now recovered. Completed the divestiture of the Argentina business in support of the company's goal to evolve its portfolio to reduce volatility and deliver more consistent, profitable growth. Continued to implement its streamlined operating model, which is on track to be completed by the end of fiscal year 2024. Achieved its IGNITE strategy goal to know 100 million consumers and improve marketing return on investment ahead of fiscal year 2025 schedule. Introduced product innovations including seven new Hidden Valley Ranch flavors, a new lineup of Pine-Sol concentrated multi-surface cleaners, and new Scentiva Disinfecting Mist and Toilet Bowl Cleaning Gel. Ranked No. 1 on Barron's list of 100 Most Sustainable Companies for the second consecutive year, named by Fortune as One of America's Most Innovative Companies, and listed as One of The Most Trustworthy Companies in America by Newsweek . Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key third-quarter results by reportable segment. Third-quarter results reflect the March 20, 2024 divestiture of the company's Argentina business and all comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 unless otherwise stated. Prior periods presented have been recast to reflect the reportable segment changes effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales decreased 6%, driven by 4 points of lower volume and 2 points of unfavorable price mix. Cleaning sales decreased, driven primarily by temporary distribution losses caused by the cyberattack. Professional Products sales increased, driven primarily by shipments to rebuild customer inventory levels. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 decreased 4%, primarily behind lower net sales, partially offset by lower selling and administrative expenses and cost savings. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 4%, driven by 3 points of lower volume and 1 point of unfavorable price mix. Bags and Wraps sales decreased, driven primarily by temporary distribution losses and supply chain constraints caused by the cyberattack. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 16 Cat Litter sales decreased, driven primarily by supply chain constraints which led to lower m

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-24-000008_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedfeb.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q2 Fiscal Year 2024 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Feb. 1, 2024 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, which ended Dec. 31, 2023. Second-Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the second quarter, which reflect operational recovery from the previously announced cyberattack. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 16% to $1.99 billion compared to a 1% net sales increase in the year-ago quarter. The increase was driven largely by higher volume as the company rebuilt customer inventories following the August cyberattack as well as favorable price mix, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Organic sales 1 were up 20%. Gross margin increased 730 basis points to 43.5% from 36.2% in the year-ago quarter, due to the benefits of pricing and cost-savings initiatives, more than offsetting unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Gross margin also reflects the benefit of better cost absorption from strong shipment growth. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) decreased 6% to 75 cents from 80 cents in the year-ago quarter. This decrease includes a noncash pension plan settlement charge ($1.04), investments in the company's long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements (19 cents) and incremental expenses resulting from the cyberattack (16 cents). Adjusted EPS 1 increased 120% to $2.16 from 98 cents in the year-ago quarter, due to higher net sales and gross margin expansion, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates, higher selling and administrative expenses and advertising investments. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $173 million compared to $387 million in the year-ago period, representing a 55% decrease. Our second quarter results reflect strong execution on our recovery plan from the August cyberattack, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. We are rebuilding retailer inventories ahead of schedule, enabling us to return to merchandising and restore distribution. While there is still more work to do, we re focused on executing with excellence in what remains a challenging environment to drive top-line growth and rebuild margin. We re confident we have the right plans in place to win with consumers given the strength and superior value of our brands and our ongoing investments in innovation and brand-building throughout our advantaged portfolio. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and environmental, social and governance achievements Made strong progress recovering from the August cyberattack-related operational disruptions, including progress recovering market shares and distribution losses by rebuilding the vast majority of retailer inventory ahead of expectations. Delivered another strong quarter of cost savings as part of the company's ongoing effort to rebuild margin. Delivered double-digit organic sales growth in International, enabled by the company swiftly and successfully executing incremental pricing actions to fully offset inflation as well as impacts from Argentina's currency devaluation. Introduced new product innovations to meet the needs of consumers, including Kingsford High Heat and Low and Slow charcoal briquettes, Clorox Toilet Bomb Foaming Toilet Bowl Cleaner and the Brita Refillable Water Filtration System. Received the EPA's 2023 Green Chemistry Awards and named to Wall Street Journal 's 250 Best Managed Companies, 3BL's 100 Best Corporate Citizens, and Newsweek 's America's Most Responsible Companies and America's Greenest Companies lists. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key second-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, unless otherwise stated. Prior periods presented have been recast to reflect the reportable segment changes effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales increased 25%, driven by 22 points of higher volume and 3 points of favorable price mix. Cleaning sales increased, driven by shipments to rebuild retailer inventory and lapping the voluntary recall of certain Pine-Sol scented products. Professional Products sales increased, driven by shipments to rebuild retailer inventory and lapping the voluntary recall of certain Pine-Sol scented products. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 increased 109%, primarily behind increased net sales and lower manufacturing and logistics costs. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales increased 9%, driven by 4 points of higher volume and 5 points of favorable price mix. Bags and Wraps sales increased, driven by shipments to rebuild retailer inventory, partially offset by lower merchandising and consumption losses due to supply chain constraints. Cat Litter sales increased, driven by shipments to rebuild retailer inventory and continued strong consumer demand, partially offset by consumption losses due to supply chain constraints. Grilling sales increased, driven by shipments to rebuild retailer inventory. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 109%, primarily due to net sales growth and cost savings. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 14 Lifestyle (Food Natural Personal Care Water Filtration) Net sales increased 21%, driven by 24 points of higher volume partially offset by 3 points of unfavorable price mix. Food sales increased, driven by shipments to rebuild retailer inventory. Natural Personal Care sales increased, driven by shipments to rebuild retailer inventory. Water Filtration sales increased, driven by shipments to rebuild retailer inventory and strong merchandising activities, partially offset by consumption losses from early quarter out-of-stocks. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 47%, due to net sales growth part

=== [ER] edgar_0001206774-23-001174_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 CHARTER 2 clx4249171-ex991.htm PRESS RELEASE Exhibit 99.1 Clorox Provides Preliminary Q1 Financial Information and Operations Update OAKLAND, Calif., Oct. 4, 2023 The Clorox Company (NYSE: CLX) (the Company or Clorox ) today announced certain preliminary financial information for the first quarter of fiscal 2024, which ended Sept. 30, 2023, as well as an operations update following the previously announced cybersecurity attack that impacted the Company s business. Net sales are expected to decrease by 28% to 23% from the year-ago quarter. Organic sales are now expected to decrease by 26% to 21% for the quarter, compared to the Company s prior expectations of mid-single-digits growth as provided in the Q4 earnings remarks. This is due to the impacts of the recent cybersecurity attack that was disclosed in August, which caused wide-scale disruption of Clorox s operations, including order processing delays and significant product outages. Shipment and consumption trends prior to the cybersecurity attack were in line with the Company s prior expectations. Gross margin is now expected to be down from the year-ago quarter compared to the Company s prior expectations for gross margin to be up, as provided in the Q4 earnings remarks, as the impact of the cybersecurity attack more than offset the benefits of pricing, cost savings and supply chain optimization. The impact of the cybersecurity attack on gross margin also includes lower cost absorption driven by lower volume. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) is expected to be between a loss of $0.75 to a loss of $0.35. Adjusted EPS is expected to be a loss of $0.40 to $0.00, as the impact from the cybersecurity attack more than offset the benefits of pricing, cost savings and supply chain optimization. The impact of the cybersecurity attack also includes lower cost absorption in cost of products sold and operating expenses, which are largely fixed costs in the short term. To provide greater visibility into the underlying operating performance of the business, preliminary adjusted EPS excludes charges related to the Company s long-term strategic investment in digital capabilities and productivity enhancements, costs related to the cybersecurity attack, and the streamlined operating model. Based on its current assessment of the situation, the Company expects to experience ongoing, but lessening, operational impacts in the second quarter as it makes progress in returning to normalized operations. The Company also expects to begin to benefit from the restocking of retailer inventories as it ramps up fulfillment in the second quarter. Clorox is in the process of assessing the impact of the cybersecurity attack on fiscal year 2024 and beyond. The Company will provide an updated outlook during its first quarter earnings call in November. Operational Update As previously disclosed, the Company believes the cybersecurity attack has been contained and the Company is making progress in restoring its systems and operations. On Sept. 25, Clorox began the process of transitioning back to automated order processing and the vast majority of orders are now taking place in an automated manner, which is enabling the Company to ramp up output and shipments to rebuild retailer inventories. Clorox expects the process of restocking retailer inventories will occur over time as it ships above consumption levels. 1 Preliminary Information The unaudited financial and operational information presented in this press release is preliminary and may change. Clorox s financial closing procedures with respect to the estimated financial information provided in this press release are not yet complete, and as a result, the Company s final results may vary materially from the preliminary results included in this press release. Clorox undertakes no obligation to update or supplement the information provided in this press release until the Company releases its financial statements for the three months ended Sept. 30, 2023. The preliminary financial information included in this press release reflects the Company s current estimates based on information available as of the date of this press release and has been prepared by Company management. This preliminary financial and operational information should not be viewed as a substitute for full financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP and is not necessarily indicative of the results to be achieved for any future periods. This preliminary financial and operational information could be impacted by the effects of financial closing procedures, final adjustments, and other developments. About The Clorox Company The Clorox Company (NYSE: CLX) champions people to be well and thrive every single day. Its trusted brands, which include Brita , Burt's Bees , Clorox , Fresh Step , Glad , Hidden Valley , Kingsford , Liquid-Plumr , Pine-Sol and Natural Vitality , can be found in about nine of 10 U.S. homes and internationally with brands such as Ayudin , Clorinda , Chux and Poett . Headquartered in Oakland, California, since 1913, Clorox was one of the first U.S. companies to integrate ESG into its business reporting, with commitments in three areas: Healthy Lives, Clean World and Thriving Communities. Visit thecloroxcompany.com to learn more. Forward-looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, among others, statements related to the preliminary financial estimates and projections, including sales, margin or earnings guidance or outlook, and statements regarding the expected or potential impact of the Company s operational disruption stemming from a cybersecurity attack. Except for historical information, statements about future volumes, sales, organic sales growth, diluted earnings per share, cash flows, plans, objectives, expectations, growth or profitability are forward-looking statements based on management's estimates, beliefs, assumptions and projections. Words such as outlook, could, may, expects, estimates, will and variations on such words, and similar expressions that reflect our current views with respect to future events and operational, economic and financial performance are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are only predictions, subject to risks and uncertainties, a

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-23-000046_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatednov.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q1 Fiscal Year 2024 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 1, 2023 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, which ended Sept. 30, 2023. First-Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the first quarter, which was marked by the impact of the previously announced cyberattack. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 20% to $1.4 billion compared to a 4% net sales decrease in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was driven largely by lower volume resulting from the cyberattack, partially offset by favorable price mix. Organic sales 1 were down 18%. Gross margin increased 240 basis points to 38.4% from 36.0% in the year-ago quarter, due to the benefits of pricing and cost-savings initiatives, partially offset by the impact of lower volume. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) decreased 75% to 17 cents from 68 cents in the year-ago quarter. This decrease includes current-period investments in the company's long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements (17 cents) and incremental expenses resulting from the cyberattack (15 cents). Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 47% to 49 cents from 93 cents in the year-ago quarter, due to lower volume partially offset by the benefits of pricing and ongoing cost-savings initiatives. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $20 million compared to $178 million in the year-ago period, representing an 89% decrease. After entering the fiscal year with solid momentum, the August cyberattack caused wide-scale disruptions that are impacting our short-term financial performance, said CEO Linda Rendle. Looking forward, our near-term priorities are clear We are laser focused on rebuilding customer inventories, preserving merchandising activities, and ultimately rebuilding distribution and market share. We are confident that our portfolio of leading brands in essential categories and our IGNITE strategy will enable us to deliver consistent, profitable growth over time. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and environmental, social and governance achievements Delivered another quarter of strong cost savings as part of the company's effort to rebuild margin. Improved volume consumption trends enterprisewide prior to the cyberattack while lapping major pricing actions in the year-ago period. Successfully executed pricing to offset higher costs, generating organic sales growth in the International segment. Named Safer Choice Partner of the Year by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the sixth time the company has been recognized with this award acknowledging efforts to manufacture products with ingredients designated as safer for families, pets, workplaces, communities and the environment. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key first-quarter results by reportable segment. It reflects the impact of the previously announced cyberattack, which drove lower sales in all segments and lower segment adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes, or adjusted EBIT 2 , in three of four segments. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, unless otherwise stated. Prior periods presented have been recast to reflect the reportable segment changes effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales were down 23%, with 29 points of lower volume partially offset by 6 points from favorable price mix. Results reflect decreases in both businesses. Segment adjusted EBIT was down 22%, driven primarily by the impact of lower volume partially offset by the benefit of pricing. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales were down 23%, with 30 points of lower volume more than offsetting 7 points from favorable price mix. Results reflect decreases in all three businesses. Segment adjusted EBIT was down 118%, primarily due to lower volume. The decrease was partially offset by the benefits of cost-savings initiatives and pricing. Lifestyle (Food Natural Personal Care Water Filtration) Net sales were down 28%, driven by 37 points of lower volume partially offset by 9 points of favorable price mix. Results reflect decreases in all three businesses. Segment adjusted EBIT was down 68%, mainly due to lower volume partially offset by lower manufacturing and logistics costs. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales decreased 5%, with 22 points of favorable price mix more than offset by 14 points of unfavorable foreign exchange rates and 13 points of lower volume. Organic sales grew 9%. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 48% behind the benefit of pricing, which more than offset unfavorable foreign exchange rates and the impact of lower volume. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 15 Fiscal Year 2024 Outlook The company is updating the following elements of its fiscal year 2024 outlook Net sales are now expected to be down mid- to high single digits, updated to reflect the impact from the cyberattack. This compares to the previous expectation of sales that are flat to up 2%. This continues to reflect about 2 points of unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates. Gross margin is now expected to be about flat, reflecting the combined benefit of pricing actions, cost savings and supply chain optimization offset by input cost inflation and the impact from the cyberattack. This compares to the previous expectation of an increase between 150 and 175 basis points. Selling and administrative expenses are now expected to be about 16% of net sales, including about 2 points of impact related to investments to enhance the company's digital capabilities, implementation of the streamlined operating model and expenses resulting from the cyberattack. This compares to the previous expecta

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-23-000030_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedaug.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q4 and FY23 Results, Provides FY24 Outlook OAKLAND, California, Aug. 2, 2023 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023, which ended June 30, 2023. Fourth-Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Summary Following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 12% to $2.0 billion compared to flat sales in the year-ago quarter. The net sales increase was driven largely by favorable price mix, partially offset by lower volume and unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Organic sales 1 were up 14%. Gross margin increased 560 basis points to 42.7% from 37.1% in the year-ago quarter due to the benefits of pricing and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable commodity costs and higher manufacturing and logistics expenses. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 75% to $1.42 from 81 cents in the year-ago quarter. This includes continued investments in the company's long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements (16 cents) as well as implementation of the company's streamlined operating model (9 cents). Adjusted EPS 1 increased 80% to $1.67 from 93 cents in the year-ago quarter, due in part to the benefits of pricing and cost savings. These factors were partially offset by increased selling and administrative expenses. We closed out fiscal year 2023 with strong results driven by broad-based consumption across our portfolio, said CEO Linda Rendle. Over the course of the year, we've been relentlessly focused on driving top-line growth while rebuilding margins in the midst of a challenging operating environment as we continue to advance our long-term strategy to invest in our advantaged portfolio of superior brands, advance our digital transformation, and streamline our operating model. Looking ahead to fiscal year 2024, we are committed to building on our progress and believe these actions, combined with the strength of our portfolio and the relevance of our IGNITE strategy, will enable us to drive long-term profitable growth. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and environmental, social and governance achievements Delivered double-digit organic net sales growth in all reportable segments in the fourth quarter. Achieved sequential quarterly improvement in gross margin during fiscal year 2023, supported by cost-justified pricing actions and record cost savings. Increased cash flow from operations by 28% in the fourth quarter. Launched innovation across all major brands in fiscal year 2023, such as Clorox Bathroom Ultra Foamer, Glad ForceFlex MaxStrength Trash Bags and new flavors of Hidden Valley Ranch Condiments, including Buffalo Ranch. Named among America s Climate Leaders by USA Today, Net Zero Leaders and Best Employers for Diversity by Forbes, and Best Companies to Work for in America by U.S. News World Report. Key Segment Results As of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Health and Wellness reportable segment is composed of the Cleaning and Professional Products businesses. The Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements business, previously within Health and Wellness, is now included in Corporate and Other and reported within Total Company. Additionally, beginning this quarter management has changed its disclosed measure of segment profitability from segment pretax earnings to segment adjusted earnings (losses) before interest and income taxes (adjusted EBIT) 2 . To reflect those changes, net sales and adjusted EBIT for the past three fiscal years have been recast and are available in the Investors section of The Clorox Company website and in our Form 8-K filing. The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the recast fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales increased 14%, with higher sales across businesses. The increase was driven by 16 points of favorable price mix, which more than offset 2 points of lower volume. Cleaning sales increased, driven mainly by strong consumption, supported by ongoing improvements to supply chain performance. Results also benefited from lapping significant retailer inventory reductions, mainly in Clorox Disinfecting Wipes, following a COVID-19 surge in the year-ago quarter. Professional Products sales grew behind strong consumption, as demand continued to recover and distributors' inventory levels continued to normalize. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 126%, driven by net sales growth primarily behind pricing. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales were up 14%, reflecting increases in all three businesses. Growth was driven by 17 points of favorable price mix, which was partially offset by 3 points of lower volume. Bags and Wraps sales increased, driven by strong consumption behind improved case-fill rates and merchandising activities. Cat Litter sales increased behind continued strong consumption, which was supported by improved supply and innovation. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 15 Grilling sales were up due to strong consumption, which was supported by enhanced merchandising activity during the peak grilling season. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 49%, driven by net sales growth primarily due to pricing and the benefit of cost savings initiatives, which were partially offset by higher manufacturing and logistics costs and unfavorable commodity costs. Lifestyle (Food Natural Personal Care Water Filtration) Net sales increased 14%, driven by 15 points of favorable price mix, which more than offset 1 point of lower volume. Food sales were up behind continued strong consumption supported by innovation and merchandising activity. Natural Personal Care sales were essentially flat as

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-23-000013_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedmay.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q3 Fiscal Year 2023 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., May 2, 2023 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, which ended March 31, 2023. Third-Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Summary Following is a summary of key third-quarter results. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2022 unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 6% to $1.91 billion compared to a 2% net sales increase in the year-ago quarter. The net sales increase was driven largely by favorable price mix, partially offset by lower volume. Organic sales 1 were up 8%. Gross margin increased 590 basis points to 41.8% from 35.9% in the year-ago quarter, due to the benefits of pricing and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable commodity costs, and higher manufacturing and logistics expenses. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) decreased 241% to a loss of $1.71 from $1.21 in the year-ago quarter. This decrease includes a noncash impairment charge of $445 million ($362 million after tax or $2.92) in the Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements business and continued investments in the company's long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements (17 cents) as well as the implementation of the company's streamlined operating model (13 cents). Adjusted EPS 1 increased 15% to $1.51 from $1.31 in the year-ago quarter, due in part to the net benefits of pricing and cost savings, partially offset by higher selling and administrative expenses, advertising investments and unfavorable commodity costs. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $728 million compared to $451 million in the year-ago period, representing a 61% increase. Our strong results this quarter reflect solid execution against our priorities to rebuild margin and drive top-line growth amid a challenging operating environment, said CEO Linda Rendle. We continue to take a broad set of actions to address persistent cost inflation, including pricing and cost savings efforts. At the same time, we remain committed to investing in our advantaged portfolio of leading brands, innovation pipeline, digital transformation and streamlined operating model to create a stronger, more resilient company. These strategic choices, supported by the superior value our brands offer consumers and the steps we've taken to further position our business for long-term, profitable growth, are working as planned and support our decision to raise our fiscal year 2023 outlook. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease), adjusted EPS and segment pretax earnings increase (decrease) excluding the noncash impairment charge are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and environmental, social and governance achievements Delivered organic sales growth in all four segments, supported by improved service levels, including the highest case fill rates since the start of the pandemic. Achieved two consecutive quarters of gross margin expansion, supported by cost-justified pricing and decade-high cost savings. Reduced inventory for the fifth quarter in a row, contributing to the 61% growth in cash from operations fiscal year to date. Continued to implement the company's streamlined operating model, which is increasing efficiency and moving decision-making to those who are closer to consumers to better anticipate and meet their needs. Ranked No. 1 on Barron's 2023 100 Most Sustainable U.S. Companies list. Launched new product innovations through third-party partnerships in Burt's Bees and Glad that deliver improved sustainability benefits without sacrificing quality. Expanded industry leadership in product transparency by listing ingredients on all Clorox SmartLabel cleaning product pages. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key third-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2022, unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements) Net sales increased 7%, with 23 points of favorable price mix more than offsetting 16 points of lower volume. Cleaning sales grew, supported by strong consumption across the majority of the business, partially offset by lapping COVID-19 impacts. Professional Products sales increased, primarily driven by strong shipments of Pine-Sol supported by supply recovery. Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) sales decreased, primarily due to the business's decision to narrow its focus on core brands as well as distribution loss with a few retailers. Segment pretax earnings decreased 445%, primarily behind the noncash impairment charge in the VMS business, unfavorable commodity costs and advertising investments, partially offset by net sales growth primarily behind pricing as well as the benefit of cost savings. Excluding the noncash impairment charge, segment pretax earnings 1 increased 70%. Page 2 of 16 Household (Bags and Wraps Grilling Cat Litter) Net sales increased 2%, with 14 points of favorable price mix offsetting 12 points of lower volume. Bags and Wraps sales were up due to strong consumption supported by improved supply. Grilling sales decreased mainly due to increased competitive activity and widened price gaps. Cat Litter sales increased, driven primarily by continued strong consumption, innovation and lower trade promotions. Segment pretax earnings increased 8%, primarily due to higher net sales due to pricing and the benefit of cost savings, partially offset by advertising investments and unfavorable commodity costs. Lifestyle (Food Natural Personal Care Water Filtration) Net sales increased 15% behind favorable price mix. Food sales were up, benefiting from continued strong consumption supported by merchandising activities for bottled Hidden Valley Ranch. Natural Personal Care sales decreased after lapping initial distribution fulfillment of lip care programs. Water Filtration sales increased driven mainly by strong consumption supported by improved supply and strong merchandising activities. Segment pretax earnin

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-23-000005_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedfeb.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q2 Fiscal Year 2023 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, California, Feb. 2, 2023 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, which ended Dec. 31, 2022. Second-Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Summary Following is a summary of key second-quarter results. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2022 unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 1% to $1.72 billion compared to an 8% net sales decrease in the year-ago quarter. The net sales increase was driven largely by favorable price mix, partially offset by lower volume . Organic sales 1 were up 4%. The three-year average growth rate for net sales was 7%. Gross margin increased 320 basis points to 36.2% from 33% in the year-ago quarter, due to the benefits of pricing and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable commodity costs and mix, and higher manufacturing and logistics costs. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 43% to 80 cents from 56 cents in the year-ago quarter. This includes 16 cents related to investments in the company s long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements as well as 2 cents related to implementation of its streamlined operating model. Adjusted EPS 1 increased 48% to 98 cents from 66 cents in the year-ago quarter, due in part to the net benefits of pricing and cost savings, partially offset by lower volume, unfavorable commodity costs, and higher selling and administrative expenses. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $387 million compared to $222 million in the year-ago period, representing a 74% increase. We delivered better-than-expected results this quarter, with strong execution and the benefit of continued brand relevance as well as our ongoing pricing and cost savings efforts, said CEO Linda Rendle. The actions we are taking to rebuild margin are working, and we are relentlessly driving additional improvements while investing in our brands, categories and capabilities. Going forward, we are confident that our leading product portfolio in essential categories coupled with our proactive actions will enable us to navigate current macroeconomic challenges and return to more consistent profitable growth over time. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and ESG achievements Generated organic sales growth in three of four segments. Sustained record-high consumer value superiority (76%) across the portfolio while rebuilding margins. Continued to implement cost-justified pricing actions. Achieved highest cost savings in the past 10 years. Reduced inventory by nearly 10% from the year-ago quarter. Introduced an eco-friendly product line with refillable options that will save plastic and reduce waste with Clorox Free Clear Disinfecting Mist and Bathroom Ultra Foamer Cleaner. Recognized for the fifth time as an EPA Safer Choice Partner of the Year for manufacturing products with ingredients the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency designates as safer for families, pets, workplaces, communities and the environment. Ranked No. 2 on Forbes' 2022 list of The World's Top Female-Friendly Companies. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key second-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2022, unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements) Net sales decreased 2%, with 17 points of favorable price mix more than offset by 19 points of lower volume. Cleaning sales were flat, benefiting from an early start of the cold and flu season in the United States offset by ongoing normalization of consumer demand. Professional Products sales decreased, driven by lower shipments of certain Pine-Sol scented products associated with the recent voluntary recall as well as continued softness in office occupancy. Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements sales decreased, primarily due to the business's ongoing shift away from noncore brands as well as distribution loss with a few retailers. Segment pretax earnings increased 84%, primarily behind the net impact of pricing, partially offset by lower volume. Page 2 of 15 Household (Bags and Wraps Grilling Cat Litter) Net sales increased 9%, driven by 6 points of benefit from favorable price mix and 3 points of volume growth. Bags and Wraps sales were up as a result of strong consumption supported by product innovation and distribution growth. Grilling sales decreased due to ongoing normalization of consumer demand after the business saw a surge during the peak of the pandemic. Cat Litter sales increased, driven mainly by distribution growth, continued strong consumption and strong merchandising activities, particularly in the Club channel. Segment pretax earnings increased 340%, primarily due to higher net sales behind pricing as well as the benefit of cost savings, partially offset by higher commodity costs. Lifestyle (Food, Natural Personal Care, Water Filtration) Net sales increased 2% behind 8 points of favorable price mix, partially offset by 6 points of lower volume. Food sales were up, benefiting from continued strong consumption supported by merchandising activities for bottled Hidden Valley Ranch. Natural Personal Care sales increased behind distribution gains on holiday product innovations, partially offset by lower shipments caused by continued supply chain disruptions. Water Filtration sales were down mainly due to retailer inventory adjustments. Segment pretax earnings decreased 8%, mainly due to unfavorable commodity costs and higher advertising spending, partially offset by higher net sales behind pricing as well as the benefit of cost savings. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales decreased 3%, with 8 points of lower volume and 12 points of unfavorable foreign exchange rates, partially offset by 17 points of favorable price mix. Organic sales 1 growth was 9%. Segment pretax earnings increased 26% largely behind the net impact of pri

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-22-000033_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatednov.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q1 Fiscal Year 2023 Results, Confirms Outlook OAKLAND, California, Nov. 1, 2022 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, which ended Sept. 30, 2022. First-Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Summary Following is a summary of key first-quarter results. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 4% to $1.74 billion compared to a 6% net sales decrease in the year-ago quarter. The net sales decrease was driven largely by lower volume, partially offset by favorable price mix. Organic sales 1 were down 2%. The three-year average growth rate for net sales was up 5%. Gross margin decreased 110 basis points to 36% from 37.1% in the year-ago quarter, due to higher manufacturing and logistics costs, higher commodity costs, and lower volume, partially offset by the benefits of pricing and cost savings initiatives. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) decreased 40% to 68 cents from $1.14 in the year-ago quarter. This includes 13 cents related to investments in the company s long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements as well as 12 cents related to implementation of its streamlined operating model. Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 23% to 93 cents from $1.21 in the year-ago quarter, due mainly to lower gross margin, lower volume, and higher selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by the benefits of pricing. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $178 million compared to $41 million in the year-ago period, representing a 334% increase. We delivered better-than-expected results this quarter in a challenging operating environment, which reflects the strength of our brands and strong execution, said CEO Linda Rendle. Looking ahead, we expect to face ongoing macro headwinds and will adapt with agility. Given these factors, we are maintaining our outlook for the year. We will continue to focus on rebuilding margin, investing in consumer-inspired innovation and driving our transformation forward to build a stronger, more resilient company. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and ESG achievements Continued to execute cost-justified pricing actions across the vast majority of the portfolio. Achieved total distribution point share growth for an eighth consecutive quarter. Delivered highest value for cost-savings initiatives in three years. Grew all-outlet share in the company's four largest businesses. Opened a new cat litter manufacturing facility in Martinsburg, West Virginia, in October, with production starting in January 2023 and shipments in February 2023. Launched Clorox EcoClean innovation platform, a new line of eco-conscious disinfectants and cleaners made with ingredients certified by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Design for the Environment and Safer Choice programs in packaging with at least 25% post-consumer recycled plastic. Launched a data hub giving stakeholders enhanced visibility into ESG performance, including publication of a new climate action plan, to further advance the company's reporting processes and data governance efforts. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key first-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements) Net sales decreased 4%, with 17 points of favorable price mix more than offset by 21 points of lower volume. Cleaning sales decreased, primarily as a result of ongoing normalization of consumer demand, which was partially offset by a stronger-than-anticipated consumer response to a successful back-to-school merchandising program. Professional Products sales were flat, as favorable price mix was offset by a volume decrease due to the normalization of demand from the COVID-19 delta variant in the year-ago quarter . VMS sales decreased, primarily due to a reduction in inventory levels at select retailers as well as the business's ongoing shift away from noncore brands. Segment pretax earnings increased 10%, primarily behind favorable price mix and lower advertising spending, which were partially offset by lower volume, costs associated with the voluntary recall of certain Pine-Sol scented products and higher commodity costs. Page 2 of 13 Household (Bags and Wraps Grilling Cat Litter) Net sales decreased 4%, with 10 points of benefit from favorable price mix more than offset by 14 points of lower volume. Bags and Wraps sales were down as a result of supply chain disruptions, partially offset by ongoing momentum behind innovation such as Glad ForceFlex Plus Trash Bags with Cherry Blossom scent. Grilling sales decreased due to ongoing normalization of consumer demand after the business saw a surge during the peak of the pandemic. Sales this quarter also were impacted by retailer inventory adjustments. Cat Litter sales increased, driven mainly by strong category growth and the Fresh Step Outstretch innovation. Segment pretax earnings decreased 39%, primarily due to higher manufacturing and logistics costs and higher commodity costs, which were partially offset by the net impact of pricing. Lifestyle (Food, Natural Personal Care, Water Filtration) Net sales decreased 3%, with 7 points of favorable price mix more than offset by 10 points of lower volume. Food sales were up, benefiting from continued strong consumption supported by merchandising activities to expand consumer usage of bottled Hidden Valley Ranch to new occasions. Natural Personal Care sales decreased due to lower shipments caused by supply chain disruptions. Water Filtration sales were down as the business lapped strong shipments in the year-ago quarter after recording strong double-digit sales growth over the last two years. Segment pretax earnings decreased 35%, mainly due to higher commodity costs, higher manufacturing and logistics costs, and supply chain disruptions in Natural 

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-22-000021_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedaug.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q4 and FY22 Results, Provides FY23 Outlook and Announces Streamlined Operating Model OAKLAND, California, Aug. 3, 2022 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022, which ended June 30, 2022. Fourth-Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Summary The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021 unless otherwise stated. Net sales of $1.8 billion were flat versus the year-ago quarter, as lower shipments were offset by the benefit of pricing. Organic sales 1 were up 1%. The three-year average growth rate for net sales was 3%. Gross margin of 37.1% was flat versus the year-ago quarter, due mainly to ongoing elevated commodity costs and manufacturing and logistics costs, offset by the benefits of pricing and cost savings initiatives. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 4% to 81 cents from 78 cents in the year-ago quarter, reflecting the previous year s 17-cent noncash charge in connection with investments and related arrangements made with a Professional Products business unit supplier. This was partially offset by a 12-cent charge in the current period related to investments in the company s long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements. Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 2% to 93 cents versus 95 cents in the year-ago quarter, driven mainly by a higher effective tax rate, partially offset by lower advertising. Over this quarter and the fiscal year, we navigated through challenging operating conditions by taking pro-active steps to rebuild margin and invest in the areas of the business that would best position Clorox for long-term success. This has allowed us to report results in line with our expectations and deliver another quarter of sequential margin improvement, said CEO Linda Rendle. The streamlined operating model we announced today to create a faster, simpler company is designed to increase efficiency, move decision-making closer to consumers and customers, and enable us to better meet their needs. This is another important step in implementing our IGNITE strategy of reimagining how we work, complementing the digital transformation initiative that s already underway. Looking to fiscal year 2023, the environment remains difficult, with consumer behaviors adapting to ongoing inflation as well as continued normalization in our cleaning and disinfecting portfolio. We re addressing these challenges head-on while taking steps to keep our categories healthy and offer superior consumer value. Guided by our IGNITE strategy, we re confident that, despite these headwinds, our actions will position us well to deliver profitable growth over time and build a stronger, more resilient company. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are highlights of business and ESG achievements in the fourth quarter Delivered net sales growth in three of four reportable segments. Continued to execute cost-justified pricing actions across the vast majority of the portfolio. Launched first direct-to-consumer online platform for the Clorox brand in July. Expanded Brita partnership program which provides products to municipalities as a short-term solution to lead in drinking water to include 25 municipalities, reducing reliance on single-use plastic bottled water. Launched Healthy Parks Project, a multiyear investment in environmental justice through a partnership with city parks in communities where Clorox operates. Named to 100 Best Corporate Citizens list by 3BL Media, 2022 50 Out Front list of the Best Places to Work for Women Diverse Managers by Diversity MBA (ranking No. 10) and Best Employers for Diversity 2022 list by Forbes and Statista (ranking No. 8 out of 500 companies). Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements) Net sales decreased 5%, with lower sales in all three businesses. The decrease was driven by 18 points of lower volume, which was partially offset by 13 points of favorable price mix. Cleaning sales decreased, driven by the continued normalization of consumer demand and reduction in retailer inventories of disinfecting wipes, which were partially offset by favorable price mix. Professional Products sales decreased, primarily as the result of reduced demand in the commercial cleaning sector due to low office occupancy rates and a tight labor market for cleaning professionals. VMS sales decreased, primarily due to the ongoing shift away from noncore brands 