=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-26-000016_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedapr.htm EX-99.1 Document Clorox Reports Q3 Fiscal Year 2026 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., April 30, 2026 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2026, which ended March 31, 2026. Third-Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the third quarter. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. Net sales of $1.67 billion were flat versus the year-ago quarter. Organic sales 1 decreased 1%. Gross margin decreased 140 basis points to 43.2% from 44.6% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by higher manufacturing and logistics costs and unfavorable mix, partially offset by cost savings. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 3% to $1.54 from $1.50 in the year-ago quarter. This includes lapping cyberattack insurance recoveries in the prior period, lower costs related to the company's investment in its digital capabilities and productivity enhancements in the current period, partially offset by costs associated with the acquisition of GOJO Industries (GOJO). Adjusted EPS 1 increased 13% to $1.64 from $1.45 in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by cost savings, lower advertising investments and lower selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by higher manufacturing and logistics costs and unfavorable mix. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $282 million compared to $687 million in the year-ago period, representing a 59% decrease, primarily due to the Glad joint venture agreement termination payment. Our third-quarter results were mixed, with continued momentum in some parts of our portfolio and slower-than-anticipated market share recovery in others, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. Looking ahead, we recognize there is more work to do in what continues to be a challenging consumer and cost environment. We're focused on improving execution to accelerate market share progress in challenging areas while continuing to invest behind areas of strength. We re excited about the opportunities ahead as we expand our innovation pipeline and integrate Purell into our portfolio, reinforcing our confidence in our ability to deliver more consistent, profitable growth over time. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent strategic and operational highlights Completed its acquisition of GOJO Industries on April 1, expanding the company s product portfolio to include the Purell brand and GOJO's health and hygiene solutions. Continued to invest in value superiority through innovation across its portfolio, including Hidden Valley Ranch with Avocado Oil, YumYum Ranch and Parmesan Ranch Seasoning, Kingsford Craftsmoke Pellets, the expansion of Burt s Bees Lip Treats platform and a new skincare line, enhanced packaging and formulation options for Fresh Step, as well as expanded scent offerings across Clorox, Glad, and Pine-Sol. Clorox PURE continued to gain traction following its launch with velocities exceeding expectations. Clorox and Burt s Bees were recognized among the Most Trusted Brands of 2026 by USA TODAY, while Burt's Bees, Glad and Hidden Valley Ranch innovations were named the Best New Products in 2026 by Newsweek. The company was recognized among Barron's Most Sustainable Companies in the U.S. for the fourth consecutive year and named among America s Most Iconic Companies by Time Magazine. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key third-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales were essentially flat, driven by 1 point of higher volume, net of incremental shipments ahead of consumption in the prior quarter, partially offset by unfavorable price mix. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 decreased 7%, primarily due to higher manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by cost savings. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales increased 3%, driven by 3 points of higher volume, primarily due to shipment ahead of consumption in Cat Litter and Grilling. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 21%, primarily due to cost savings . Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales decreased 9%, driven by 6 points of lower volume primarily due to lower consumption and retail inventory adjustments. Segment adjusted EBIT was essentially flat, as the impact of lower net sales was offset by lower advertising investments and lower selling and administrative expenses. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales increased 8%, primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange rates and higher volume. Organic sales grew 2%. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 16%, primarily due to higher net sales and cost savings, partially offset by higher manufacturing and logistics costs. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 13 Fiscal Year 2026 Outlook The company is updating its full-year outlook for net sales, gross margin and adjusted EPS for the latest performance and trajectory as well as the impact from the company s acquisition of GOJO Industries, which closed on April 1, 2026. The following are three key drivers of the company s fiscal year 2026 outlook one is transitory and the others are inorganic The most significant driver of the company s fiscal year 2026 outlook is a transitory one. The company shipped about two weeks of inventory ahead of consumption at the end of the fourth-quarter of fiscal year 2025 as retailers built inventory in advance of its ERP transition. The company expected retailers to draw down on these inventories in the first quarter of this fiscal year, resulting in year-over-year shipments decline. From a year-over-year sales growth perspective, the reduction in sales from this inventory draw down translates to about 7.5 points of decline in fiscal year 2026 as compared to the higher base in fiscal year 2025. Inven

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-26-000008_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedfeb.htm EX-99.1 Document Clorox Reports Q2 Fiscal Year 2026 Results, Confirms Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Feb. 3, 2026 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2026, which ended December 31, 2025. Second-Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the second quarter. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 1% to $1.67 billion, primarily driven by lower consumption and partially offset by shipments ahead of consumption for several businesses. Organic sales 1 decreased 1%. Gross margin decreased 60 basis points to 43.2% from 43.8% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by higher manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by cost savings. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) decreased 16% to $1.29 from $1.54 in the year-ago quarter. This includes lapping cyberattack insurance recoveries, as well as lower costs related to the company's investment in its digital capabilities and productivity enhancements in the current period. Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 10% to $1.39 from $1.55 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to lapping tax rate benefits in the prior period and lower gross profit. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $404 million compared to $401 million in the year-ago period, representing a 1% increase. Our second quarter results were generally in line with our expectations and reflect continued progress against our strategic priorities. These results support our ability to reaffirm our fiscal year outlook in what remains a challenging and volatile environment, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. We remain laser-focused on executing our back-half plans, supported by a strong slate of innovation and investments. At the same time, we are advancing our transformation and are excited to expand our leadership position in health and hygiene through our recently announced acquisition of GOJO Industries. We are well positioned to deliver more consistent, profitable growth and long-term shareholder value. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent strategic and operational highlights Entered into a definitive agreement to acquire GOJO Industries, adding Purell to the company s portfolio of trusted brands and expanding its position in health and hygiene for consumers and businesses around the world. Successfully completed the final phase of its U.S. ERP implementation in January, marking a major milestone in the company's digital transformation. Introduced new products across its portfolio, including the new allergen-neutralizing platform, Clorox PURE, expanded scent offerings for Clorox Scentiva Bleach, Glad's first liquid-locking ForceFlex MaxStrength LeakGuard Trash Bags, Burt s Bees' trend-forward Lip Butter and Lip Oil, along with limited-edition holiday offerings such as Kingsford Christmas Coal and Burt s Bees holiday gift sets. The company was named among America s Most Responsible Companies in 2026 by Newsweek. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key second-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales increased 2%, driven by 2 points of higher volume, primarily due to incremental shipments related to the final phase of the ERP transition and strong shipments in Professional Products. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 decreased 2%, primarily due to higher manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by higher net sales. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 6%, driven by 3 points of lower volume and 3 points of unfavorable price mix. The volume decrease was primarily due to lower consumption. Unfavorable price mix was primarily due to a shift to larger sizes in Bags and Wraps. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 54%, mainly due to higher manufacturing and logistics costs and lower net sales, partially offset by cost savings . Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales decreased 5%, driven by 5 points of lower volume primarily due to lower consumption. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 3%, primarily due to lower advertising investments and partially offset by lower net sales. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales increased 7%, mainly driven by favorable price mix, favorable foreign exchange rates and higher volume. Organic sales grew 5%. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 48%, primarily due to higher net sales and cost savings. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 13 Fiscal Year 2026 Outlook The company is maintaining its full-year outlook for net sales, gross margin and adjusted EPS. The impact of the order fulfillment challenges experienced earlier in the year, which led to consumption and market share losses, keeps the company's current expectations in the lower end of the range. This outlook does not include the impact from the company s acquisition of GOJO Industries, which is currently expected to close before the end of fiscal year 2026. The most significant driver of the company s fiscal year 2026 outlook is a transitory one. The company shipped about two weeks of inventory ahead of consumption at the end of the fourth-quarter of fiscal year 2025 as retailers built inventory in advance of its ERP transition. The company expected retailers to draw down on these inventories in the first quarter of this fiscal year, resulting in year-over-year shipments decline. From a year-over-year sales growth perspective, the reduction in sales from this inventory draw down translates to about 7.5 points of decline in fiscal year 2026 as compared to the higher base in fiscal year 2025. Inventory draw down is expected to reduce fiscal year 2026 earnings per share by about 90 cents. In comparison to the higher base in fiscal year 2025, this results in a year-over-year reduction o

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-25-000051_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatednov.htm EX-99.1 Document Clorox Reports Q1 Fiscal Year 2026 Results, Updates Outlook Reports sales and earnings decline primarily due to expected impact of ERP transition OAKLAND, Calif., November 3, 2025 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, which ended September 30, 2025. First-Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the first quarter, which reflects the impact from incremental shipments associated with the enterprise resource planning transition in the U.S. (incremental ERP shipments) in the prior fiscal year and the prior divestiture of the Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) business. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. At the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, the company shipped about two weeks of inventory ahead of consumption as retailers built up stock in anticipation of its ERP transition. As retailers drew down on these inventories this quarter, it resulted in year-over-year shipment decline. Net sales decreased 19% to $1.43 billion, primarily driven by lower shipments related to the ERP transition. Organic sales 1 decreased 17%, driven mainly by lower volume related to its ERP transition. Gross margin decreased 410 basis points to 41.7% from 45.8% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by lower volume and higher manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by cost savings. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) decreased 19% to $0.65 from $0.80 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to lower net sales in the current period and partially offset by the loss relating to the divestiture of the Better Health VMS business in the prior period. Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 54% to $0.85 from $1.86 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to lower net sales related to its ERP transition. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $93 million compared to $221 million in the year-ago period, representing a 58% decrease, primarily due to the impact of its ERP transition. This quarter s ERP launch marks a significant milestone in our transformation journey, empowering faster execution, greater productivity, and deeper insights all aimed at delivering superior value to our consumers, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle As with any rollout of this scale, we experienced some temporary disruptions that affected our market share. With the majority of the rollout now behind us, our focus is now squarely on accelerating profitable growth through innovation and strong demand-creation initiatives in the second half of this fiscal year. Leveraging our rich consumer insights and new advanced digital tools, we re well positioned to drive growth and continue delivering superior value even as consumers navigate ongoing uncertainty and volatility. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent strategic and operational highlights Introduced new products inspired by emerging consumer trends that deliver superior value, including Clorox Screen+ Sanitizing Wipes, Glad ForceFlex Apple Cinnamon scented trash bags, Hidden Valley Ranch Dippers Toppers, as well as platform-expanding innovations like the Burt s Bees Lip Milk, and Boosted Body Daily Lotion, Whipped Butter and Moisturizing Melt. Successfully completed the first two phases of its U.S. ERP implementation and is on track to finish the third and final phase this winter. The company is well positioned to accelerate its digital transformation through productivity gains and better insights all in service of delivering clearly superior experiences to consumers. The Clorox brand received Kantar's Outstanding Innovation Award, while the company was named among America s Greatest Companies and the World's Most Trustworthy Companies by Newsweek, as well as one of the World s Top Companies for Women by Forbes. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key first-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 19%, driven by 18 points of lower volume and about 1 point of unfavorable price mix. Lower volume was mainly driven by shipment decline as retailers drew down on the incremental inventory they built in advance of its ERP transition in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales decreased 19%, driven by 16 points of lower volume and 3 points of unfavorable price mix. The volume decrease was primarily due to lower shipments related to the ERP transition. Unfavorable price mix was primarily driven by strong shipments to the Club channel. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 decreased 47%, primarily due to lower net sales and higher manufacturing and logistics costs. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 19%, driven by 18 points of lower volume and 1 point of unfavorable price mix. Lower volume was primarily due to lower shipments related to the ERP transition. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 55%, primarily due to lower net sales. Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales decreased 23%, driven by 22 points of lower volume driven mainly by lower shipments related to the ERP transition and 1 point of unfavorable price mix. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 42%, primarily due to lower net sales, partially offset by lower advertising investments as compared to the prior period. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales decreased 2%, mainly driven by lower volume, primarily due to lower shipments related to the ERP transition. Organic sales decreased 2%. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 46%, mainly driven by higher manufacturing and logistics costs. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 14 ERP Transition Impact During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, retailers placed orders in advance of the company's ERP system transition in the U.

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-25-000035_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedjul.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q4 and FY25 Results, Provides FY26 Outlook Delivers strong margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth for FY25 despite challenging environment in the second half of the fiscal year OAKLAND, California, July 31, 2025 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2025, which ended June 30, 2025. Fourth-Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Summary The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results, which reflect the temporary benefit from incremental shipments related to building retailer inventory in advance of the enterprise resource planning transition in the U.S. (incremental ERP shipments) and the impact from the prior divestiture of the Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) business. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 4% to $2.0 billion, primarily driven by the impacts of the incremental ERP shipments, partially offset by the divestiture of the VMS business and unfavorable price mix. Organic sales 1 increased 8%. Incremental ERP shipments contributed about 13 to 14 points of benefit to net sales. Gross margin was 46.5%, essentially flat versus the year-ago quarter, primarily due to higher volume and cost savings, offset by both higher manufacturing and logistics costs and trade promotion spending. Incremental ERP shipments contributed about 150 basis points of benefit to gross margin. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 55% to $2.68 from $1.73 in the year-ago quarter. The increase includes lapping the implementation of the company's streamlined operating model partially offset by insurance recoveries, net of incremental costs, related to the August 2023 cyberattack in the prior period. Adjusted EPS 1 increased 58% to $2.87 from $1.82 in the year-ago quarter, due in part to higher volume. The benefit from incremental ERP shipments is estimated to be about 85 to 95 cents. While we delivered strong margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth for the year, we did not meet our topline expectations in the back half. We continued to see rapidly shifting consumer behaviors and broader market volatility which we expect to continue, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. At the same time, we advanced our long-term strategy and began the implementation of our new ERP system in the U.S. This digital transformation supports our long-term financial goals through modernized capabilities, which will accelerate growth and deliver stronger efficiencies. As we look to fiscal year 2026, we remain focused on operational excellence and driving category and market share improvements. With more work to do, we are confident in the strength of our strategy, the resilience of our portfolio of trusted brands, and our ability to deliver value for consumers, customers and shareholders over the long term. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business achievements Delivered another quarter of strong cost savings as part of the company's effort to expand margin while growing overall market shares and organic sales for the fiscal year. Executed strong preparation, which included building retailer inventory, ahead of its ERP launch in the U.S. at the beginning of fiscal year 2026 as part of its ongoing work to accelerate digital transformation through modernized technologies and processes. Continued to invest behind value superiority with innovations across major brands in fiscal year 2025, such as the relaunch of Poett's fragrance platform, enhanced durability in Glad ForceFlex MaxStrength trash bags, Fresh Step Heavy Duty and Health Monitoring Clumping Litter, Clorox Scentiva Bleach, the expansion of the Burt s Bees portfolio with Boosted Tinted Balm and Rescue Lip Relief, seven new Hidden Valley Ranch flavors as well as product partnerships with Hot Pockets, Taco Bell, Burger King, and DiGiorno. Named a Best Company to Work For by U.S. News World Report, one of America s Greatest Workplaces by Newsweek and one of Forbes Net-Zero Leaders. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 4%, driven by 8 points of higher volume, partially offset by 4 points of unfavorable price mix. Higher volume was mainly driven by the incremental ERP shipments. Unfavorable price mix was driven mainly by unfavorable product mix and higher trade promotion, which was mainly driven by unfavorable trade expense timing. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales increased 14%, driven by 18 points of higher volume, partially offset by 4 points of unfavorable price mix. Higher volume was mainly driven by the incremental ERP shipments. Unfavorable price mix was driven by higher trade promotion spending and strong shipments to the Club channel. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 increased 20%, primarily driven by higher net sales and lower advertising, partially offset by both higher selling and administrative costs and manufacturing and logistics costs. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales increased 7%, driven by 13 points of higher volume, partially offset by 6 points of unfavorable price mix. Higher volume was mainly driven by the incremental ERP shipments, partially offset by lower consumption and increased competition. Unfavorable price mix was driven by unfavorable product mix, mainly due to Club merchandising in Litter. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 59%, primarily driven by higher volume. Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales increased 3%, driven by 8 points of higher volume, partially offset by 5 points of unfavorable price mix. Higher volume was mainly driven by the incremental ERP shipments, partially offset by lower consumption. Unfavorable price mix was driven by higher trade promotion spending and unfavorable product mix. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 54%, primarily driven by lower advertising. 2 A

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-25-000021_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedmay.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q3 Fiscal Year 2025 Results, Updates Outlook Delivers lower-than-expected sales amid a challenging and volatile consumer and geopolitical environment while maintaining overall market shares and delivering its 10th consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion OAKLAND, Calif., May 5, 2025 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2025, which ended Mar. 31, 2025. Third-Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the third quarter, which reflect the prior divestitures of the Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) and Argentina businesses. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 8% to $1.67 billion, primarily driven by the divestitures of the VMS and Argentina businesses. Organic sales 1 decreased 2%, primarily driven by unfavorable price mix. Organic volume was flat, primarily impacted by consumption slowdown across most of its businesses. Gross margin increased 240 basis points to 44.6% from 42.2% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by cost savings and the benefits from the divestitures of the VMS and Argentina businesses. Diluted net earnings (losses) per share (diluted EPS) increased 466% to $1.50 from a loss of $0.41 in the year-ago quarter. The increase includes lapping the loss relating to the divestiture of the Argentina business and the current-period benefit of cyberattack insurance recoveries. Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 15% to $1.45 from $1.71 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to lower net sales, partially offset by higher gross margin. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $687 million compared to $355 million in the year-ago period, representing a 94% increase. In the third quarter, heightened macroeconomic uncertainties drove changes in shopping behaviors, resulting in temporary category slowdowns and lower sales. We expect these slowdowns to persist in the fourth quarter, as reflected in our updated outlook, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. Despite this, our fundamentals remain strong as we held overall market shares and continued to expand margin while investing in our trusted brands. In this dynamic environment, we still expect to deliver organic sales growth and another year of strong earnings growth. I am confident in our ability to navigate the short-term given our strong brands and capabilities, while we continue to advance our long-term IGNITE strategy. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent strategic and operational highlights Maintained overall market shares in the face of complex geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions. Achieved the tenth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by another strong quarter of cost savings. Continued to introduce new product innovations to meet the needs of consumers, including Burt s Bees Boosted Tinted Balm and Rescue Lip Relief, Clorox Scentiva ToiletWand Refills, seven new Hidden Valley Ranch flavors as well as collaborations with Hot Pockets and DiGiorno, Fresh Step Health Monitoring Clumping Litter, and Pine-Sol Multi-Surface Cleaner in new Cherry Blossom scent. Achieved zero-waste-to-landfill status across all global manufacturing plants, where infrastructure allows. The company, along with its Clorox and Pine-Sol brands, was named among America s Most Trusted Brands by USA Today. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key third-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales increased 3%, driven by 7 points of higher volume partially offset by 4 points of unfavorable price mix. Higher volume was driven mainly by increased consumption in Cleaning. Unfavorable price mix was driven mainly by product mix as well as strong shipments to the Club channel. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 increased 10%, primarily behind lower manufacturing and logistics costs, higher net sales and cost savings, partially offset by higher advertising investments. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 11%, driven by 9 points of lower volume and 2 points of unfavorable price mix. Lower volume was driven mainly by lower consumption, a timing shift in Kingsford shipments, and retailer promotional timing and inventory adjustments in Litter toward the end of the quarter. Unfavorable price mix was driven mainly by higher trade spending. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 18%, primarily due to lower net sales partially offset by cost savings. Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales decreased 3%, driven by 2 points of lower volume driven mainly by lower consumption and 1 point of unfavorable price mix. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 6%, primarily due to lower net sales. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales decreased 15%, mainly driven by the impact of the Argentina divestiture. Excluding Argentina and 3 points of foreign exchange rate changes, organic sales grew 2%, primarily driven by 1 point of organic volume growth. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 18%, mainly driven by the Argentina divestiture partially offset by cost savings. Excluding Argentina, adjusted segment EBIT was up. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 16 Fiscal Year 2025 Outlook The company is updating its fiscal year 2025 outlook to reflect two main changes. The first is to reflect recent changes in the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, including its impact on Clorox s categories and consumers, as well as the impact of tariffs on earnings. Second, the outlook has also been updated to include the latest estimated impact from incremental shipments related to the company s ERP transition. The company is updating the following elements of its fiscal year 2025 outlook The company now expects 

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-25-000010_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedfeb.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q2 Fiscal Year 2025 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Feb. 3, 2025 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, which ended Dec. 31, 2024. Alongside these results, the company also announced that Clorox and P G have jointly decided to wind down the Glad bags and wraps joint venture as of Jan. 31, 2026, and the company intends to acquire P G s 20% interest in the venture at its termination. Second-Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the second quarter, which reflect the lapping of the operational recovery following the August 2023 cyberattack. Results also reflect the prior divestitures of the Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) and Argentina businesses. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 15% to $1.69 billion compared to a 16% net sales increase in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was primarily driven by lapping the impact of retail inventory restoration following the August 2023 cyberattack and the divestitures of the VMS and Argentina businesses. Organic sales 1 decreased 9%. Gross margin increased 30 basis points to 43.8% from 43.5% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by cost savings and the benefits from the divestitures of the VMS and Argentina businesses, partially offset by lower cost absorption and higher manufacturing and logistics and commodities costs. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 105% to $1.54 from 75 cents in the year-ago quarter. The increase includes lapping the pension settlement charge and incremental cyberattack expenses, and the current-period benefit of cyberattack insurance recoveries. Adjusted EPS 1 decreased 28% to $1.55 from $2.16 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to lower net sales, partially offset by cost savings. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $401 million compared to $173 million in the year-ago period, representing a 132% increase. We achieved better-than-expected results across sales, margin and EPS in the second quarter due to our strong demand creation plans, which also supported our share growth. Our results underscore the resiliency of our portfolio as we continue to invest in our brands to deliver superior value to win with consumers at a time when they need it most, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. We are further advancing our transformation as we embark upon a significant milestone with our Enterprise Resource Planning transition in the U.S., resulting in our updated outlook. I am confident that we are taking the right actions to deliver strong financial performance and long term, profitable growth. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent strategic and operational highlights Grew share in seven of its eight categories, supported by strong demand creation plans as the company laps the impact of the cyberattack. Launched platform-expanding innovations including the new Hidden Valley Ranch Easy Squeeze bottle and collaborations with Taco Bell and Burger King, the relaunch of Poett's fragrance platform with essential oils and new scents, a full suite of Brita Plus pitchers and dispensers, and the new Fresh Step Heavy Duty Litter. Seeing strong continued success with previously introduced innovation such as Bahama Bliss scented Glad ForceFlex MaxStrength trash bags. Achieved the ninth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by another strong quarter of cost savings. The company is on track to fully rebuild gross margin in fiscal year 2025. Recognized with the Household Commercial Products Association s 2024 Innovation Award for Technology for using AI in development of Clorox Foaming Toilet Bomb Toilet Bowl Cleaner and received the ISSA Environment Sustainability Innovation of the Year Award for Clorox EcoClean Disinfecting Wipes. Achieved zero-waste-to-landfill (ZWtL) status at its litter manufacturing plant in Martinsburg, West Virginia, marking continued progress toward its goal to achieve ZWtL in 100% of its global facilities where infrastructure allows by 2030. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key second-quarter results by reportable segment. Second-quarter results reflect the lapping of the retail inventory restoration following the August 2023 cyberattack. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales decreased 13%, driven by 11 points of lower volume and 2 points of unfavorable price mix. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 decreased 25%, primarily behind lower net sales. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 11%, driven by 11 points of lower volume. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 48%, primarily due to lower net sales and higher manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by cost savings. Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales decreased 16%, driven by 16 points of lower volume. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 36%, primarily due to lower net sales. International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales decreased 12%, mainly driven by the impact of the Argentina divestiture. Excluding Argentina and 2 points of foreign exchange rate changes, organic sales 1 grew 6%, driven by 6 points of organic volume growth. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 34%, mainly driven by the Argentina divestiture. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 15 Joint Venture to End, Clorox to Acquire P G s Interest in Glad Business Clorox and P G have jointly decided to wind down the Glad bags and wraps joint venture. It will end on Jan. 31, 2026, and Clorox intends to acquire P G s 20% interest in the venture at its termination. Clorox s purchase of P G s interest in the Glad business will be at a fair market value as established by predetermined contractual 

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-24-000038_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedoct.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q1 Fiscal Year 2025 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Oct. 30, 2024 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, which ended Sep. 30, 2024. First-Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the first quarter, which reflect the lapping of the impacts of the August 2023 cyberattack and include the company's Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) business through its sale date of Sept. 10, 2024. Results also reflect the prior divestiture of the Argentina business. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 27% to $1.76 billion compared to a 20% net sales decrease in the year-ago quarter. The increase was driven largely by higher volume reflecting the lapping of the cyberattack. Organic sales 1 were up 31%. Gross margin increased 740 basis points to 45.8% from 38.4% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by higher volume and cost savings. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 371% to $0.80 from $0.17 in the year-ago quarter. The increase is driven by strong operational performance and lapping of the cyberattack, partially offset by a 94 cent charge from the sale of the Better Health VMS business. Adjusted EPS 1 increased 280% to $1.86 from $0.49 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to higher net sales and cost savings, partially offset by increased advertising investments. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $221 million compared to $20 million in the year-ago period, representing a 1,005% increase. We achieved better-than-expected results this quarter and fully restored overall market share, enabling us to maintain our sales outlook and raise our gross margin and EPS outlook for the year, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. As our consumers remain under pressure, we're focused on delivering superior value, strong innovation and continued investment in our brands to win with consumers and grow share. Anchored by the strength of our portfolio and the advancement of our IGNITE strategy, we are confident we are taking the right steps to deliver consistent and profitable growth for the long-term. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and environmental, social and governance achievements Delivered double-digit organic sales growth 1 across all reportable segments, grew shares in most of its categories, and fully restored overall market share. Continued to invest behind value superiority with strong advertising, merchandising and platform-expanding innovations including Clorox Scentiva Bleach Lavender Jasmine, plant-based Clorox EcoClean Disinfecting Wipes and more durable Glad ForceFlex MaxStrength trash bags. Achieved the eighth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by another strong quarter of cost savings, and is on track to fully rebuild gross margin in fiscal year 2025. Completed the Better Health VMS divestiture, following on the prior sale of the Argentina business, to continue evolving the portfolio in support of the company s goal to reduce volatility and accelerate sales growth, as well as structurally improve its margin. Named a Safer Choice Partner of the Year by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for the seventh time, recognized as one of the World's Best Companies by Time, named one of the World's Most Trustworthy Companies by Newsweek and listed as one of America's Best Employers for Women by Forbes. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key first-quarter results by reportable segment. In addition to strong operational performance, first-quarter results reflect the lapping of the impacts of the August 2023 cyberattack. All comparisons are with the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 unless otherwise stated. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales increased 38%, driven by 38 points of higher volume and 2 points of favorable mix, offset by 2 points of higher trade promotion spending. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 increased 126%, primarily behind higher net sales and cost savings, partially offset by increased advertising investments. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales increased 38%, with 43 points of higher volume partially offset by 5 points driven by unfavorable mix and higher trade promotion spending. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 1,600%, primarily due to higher net sales and cost savings, partially offset by higher advertising investments. Lifestyle (Food Water Filtration Natural Personal Care) Net sales increased 40%, with 48 points of higher volume partially offset by 8 points driven by unfavorable mix and higher trade promotion spending. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 247%, due to higher net sales, partially offset by higher advertising investments. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 14 International (Sales Outside the U.S.) Net sales decreased 4%, mainly driven by the impact of the Argentina divestiture and 2 points of unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Excluding Argentina and effects of foreign exchange rate changes, organic sales 1 grew 11%, driven by 11 points of organic volume growth. Segment adjusted EBIT increased 3%, due to higher volume growth excluding Argentina, partially offset by higher advertising investments. Divestiture of Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements Business As previously disclosed on Sep. 10, 2024, the company completed the divestiture of its Better Health VMS business in its entirety. The divested business includes the Natural Vitality, NeoCell, Rainbow Light and RenewLife brands, relevant trademarks and licenses, and associated manufacturing and distribution facilities in Sunrise, Florida. The transaction is in support of the company s IGNITE strategy and reflects the commitment to continue evolving its portfolio to reduce volatility and 

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-24-000027_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedaug.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q4 and FY24 Results, Provides FY25 Outlook Company Announces Sale of its Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements Business OAKLAND, California, Aug. 1, 2024 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024, which ended June 30, 2024. Alongside these results, the company also announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to divest its Better Health Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (VMS) business in its entirety to Piping Rock Health Products, LLC. Fourth-Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Summary The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 6% to $1.9 billion compared to an increase of 12% in the year-ago quarter. The net sales decrease was driven largely by the impacts of the Argentina divestiture, unfavorable price mix and lower volume. Organic sales 1 decreased 3%. Gross margin increased 380 basis points to 46.5% from 42.7% in the year-ago quarter primarily due to lower manufacturing and logistics costs, the benefit of cost savings initiatives and favorable commodity costs, partially offset by the impact of higher trade promotion spending. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 22% to $1.73 from $1.42 in the year-ago quarter. This includes insurance recoveries related to the cyberattack, net of incremental costs (17 cents), partially offset by continued investments in the company's long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements (14 cents) as well as implementation of the company's streamlined operating model (12 cents). Adjusted EPS 1 increased 9% to $1.82 from $1.67 in the year-ago quarter, due in part to higher gross margin and lower selling and administrative expenses. These factors were partially offset by lower net sales and higher advertising investments. We closed out the fiscal year with strong margin expansion and double-digit adjusted EPS growth despite substantial disruption and consumption loss from the cyberattack. While fully restoring supply and distribution, as well as recovering nearly all of our market share, we remained relentless in driving our IGNITE strategy forward. We made strong progress as we evolved our portfolio to accelerate profitable growth, completed the implementation of our streamlined operating model and advanced our digital transformation. We achieved all of this while continuing to invest strongly behind our brands to provide superior value in a challenging environment where consumers continue to seek value, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. While there is more work to do, we are confident that the actions we have taken, combined with the strength of our portfolio, position us well to deliver strong performance led by a return to volume growth in fiscal year 2025, consistent with our long-term goals. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and environmental, social and governance achievements Fully restored distribution losses and regained the vast majority of lost market share caused by the cyberattack, supported by full supply chain restoration and strong merchandising levels across the portfolio. Continued to invest behind value superiority with strong advertising and innovations across major brands in fiscal year 2024, such as Clorox Toilet Bomb Foaming Toilet Bowl Cleaner, Pine-Sol concentrated multi-surface cleaner, Brita Refillable Water Filtration System, seven new Hidden Valley Ranch flavors and new fragrances in the Glad ForceFlex Scented Trash Bag lineup. Achieved seventh consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by another strong quarter of cost savings, and are on track to fully rebuild gross margin in fiscal year 2025. Successfully completed implementation of the company s streamlined operating model, enhancing the ability to respond more quickly to changing consumer behaviors and innovate faster. Through this new model the company expects to deliver ongoing cost savings of approximately $100 million annually. Named a Best Company to Work For by U.S. News World Report, included in America s Climate Leaders by USA Today, listed as one of America s Best Employers for Diversity by Forbes, and recognized as one of the Best Companies for Equal Opportunity for Advancement by parity.org. Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key fourth-quarter results by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, unless otherwise stated. Prior periods presented have been recast to reflect the reportable segment changes effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales were essentially flat, driven by 2 points of higher volume offset by 2 points of unfavorable price mix. Cleaning sales increased, driven mainly by restored distribution and strong consumption supported by new innovations and increased merchandising. Professional Products sales decreased, driven mainly by lower shipments of Pine-Sol products as distributors transitioned to new Pine-Sol concentrated cleaner. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 increased 15%, driven by favorable manufacturing and logistics costs and lower selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by higher advertising investments. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 10%, driven by 5 points of lower volume and 5 points of unfavorable price mix. Bags and Wraps sales decreased, driven primarily by distribution recovery occurring late in the quarter, increased competitive activity and higher trade promotion spending. Cat Litter sales decreased, driven mainly by distribution recovery occurring late in the quarter, increased competitive activity and higher trade promotion spending. Grilling sales decreased, driven primarily by lower consumption due to unfavorable seasonal weather which impacted the overall category. Segment adjusted EBIT decreased 31%, driven by lower net sales, 

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-24-000014_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedapr.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q3 Fiscal Year 2024 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Apr. 30, 2024 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, which ended Mar. 31, 2024. Third-Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the third quarter, which reflect continued operational recovery from the previously announced cyberattack. Third-quarter results reflect the March 20, 2024 divestiture of the company's Argentina business and all comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 unless otherwise stated. Net sales decreased 5% to $1.81 billion compared to a 6% net sales increase in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was driven largely by lower volume from temporary distribution losses resulting from the widescale disruptions caused by the cyberattack as well as unfavorable foreign exchange rates, partially offset by favorable price mix. Organic sales 1 were up 2%. Gross margin increased 40 basis points to 42.2% from 41.8% in the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by the benefit of pricing and cost savings, partially offset by higher manufacturing and logistics costs, unfavorable foreign exchange rates and higher trade promotion spending. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) increased 76% to a loss of $0.41 from a loss of $1.71 in the year-ago quarter. The increase was mainly due to the lapping of a noncash impairment charge in the Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements business from the year-ago period ($2.92), partially offset by the loss relating to the divestiture of the Argentina business ($1.85), continued investments in the company's long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements (16 cents), charges relating to implementation of the streamlined operating model (6 cents) as well as incremental expenses resulting from the cyberattack (5 cents). Adjusted EPS 1 increased 13% to $1.71 from $1.51 in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to the benefits of pricing and cost savings, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates, higher manufacturing and logistics costs and lower volume. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $355 million compared to $728 million in the year-ago period, representing a 51% decrease. During the quarter, we made significant progress on our long-term strategies to drive profitable growth while also continuing to recover from the cyberattack. We executed well against our IGNITE strategy by evolving our portfolio with the divestiture of the Argentina business, launching innovation, investing in our brands, and delivering another quarter of gross margin expansion, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. While we experienced short-term cyberattack-related supply constraints in a few areas, which impacted sales, we expect to fully restore lost distribution by the end of the fourth quarter. We are on track to exit fiscal year 2024 with strong fundamentals and the right investments and plans in place to deliver against our strategic and financial objectives to enhance long-term shareholder value. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The following are recent highlights of business and environmental, social and governance achievements Returned to normalized service levels by the end of the third quarter, enabling the company to unlock merchandising and restore distribution in the fourth quarter. Achieved the sixth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by cost-justified pricing in International and cost savings, and are on track to fully rebuild margin over time. Made continued progress in restoring market share, with nearly 90% of cyberattack-related share losses now recovered. Completed the divestiture of the Argentina business in support of the company's goal to evolve its portfolio to reduce volatility and deliver more consistent, profitable growth. Continued to implement its streamlined operating model, which is on track to be completed by the end of fiscal year 2024. Achieved its IGNITE strategy goal to know 100 million consumers and improve marketing return on investment ahead of fiscal year 2025 schedule. Introduced product innovations including seven new Hidden Valley Ranch flavors, a new lineup of Pine-Sol concentrated multi-surface cleaners, and new Scentiva Disinfecting Mist and Toilet Bowl Cleaning Gel. Ranked No. 1 on Barron's list of 100 Most Sustainable Companies for the second consecutive year, named by Fortune as One of America's Most Innovative Companies, and listed as One of The Most Trustworthy Companies in America by Newsweek . Key Segment Results The following is a summary of key third-quarter results by reportable segment. Third-quarter results reflect the March 20, 2024 divestiture of the company's Argentina business and all comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 unless otherwise stated. Prior periods presented have been recast to reflect the reportable segment changes effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. Health and Wellness (Cleaning Professional Products) Net sales decreased 6%, driven by 4 points of lower volume and 2 points of unfavorable price mix. Cleaning sales decreased, driven primarily by temporary distribution losses caused by the cyberattack. Professional Products sales increased, driven primarily by shipments to rebuild customer inventory levels. Segment adjusted EBIT 2 decreased 4%, primarily behind lower net sales, partially offset by lower selling and administrative expenses and cost savings. Household (Bags and Wraps Cat Litter Grilling) Net sales decreased 4%, driven by 3 points of lower volume and 1 point of unfavorable price mix. Bags and Wraps sales decreased, driven primarily by temporary distribution losses and supply chain constraints caused by the cyberattack. 2 Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Page 2 of 16 Cat Litter sales decreased, driven primarily by supply chain constraints which led to lower m

=== [ER] edgar_0000021076-24-000008_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-pressreleasedatedfeb.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Clorox Reports Q2 Fiscal Year 2024 Results, Updates Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., Feb. 1, 2024 The Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) today reported results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, which ended Dec. 31, 2023. Second-Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Summary Following is a summary of key results for the second quarter, which reflect operational recovery from the previously announced cyberattack. All comparisons are with the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 unless otherwise stated. Net sales increased 16% to $1.99 billion compared to a 1% net sales increase in the year-ago quarter. The increase was driven largely by higher volume as the company rebuilt customer inventories following the August cyberattack as well as favorable price mix, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Organic sales 1 were up 20%. Gross margin increased 730 basis points to 43.5% from 36.2% in the year-ago quarter, due to the benefits of pricing and cost-savings initiatives, more than offsetting unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Gross margin also reflects the benefit of better cost absorption from strong shipment growth. Diluted net earnings per share (diluted EPS) decreased 6% to 75 cents from 80 cents in the year-ago quarter. This decrease includes a noncash pension plan settlement charge ($1.04), investments in the company's long-term strategic digital capabilities and productivity enhancements (19 cents) and incremental expenses resulting from the cyberattack (16 cents). Adjusted EPS 1 increased 120% to $2.16 from 98 cents in the year-ago quarter, due to higher net sales and gross margin expansion, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates, higher selling and administrative expenses and advertising investments. Year-to-date net cash provided by operations was $173 million compared to $387 million in the year-ago period, representing a 55% decrease. Our second quarter results reflect strong execution on our recovery plan from the August cyberattack, said Chair and CEO Linda Rendle. We are rebuilding retailer inventories ahead of schedule, enabling us to return to merchandising and restore distribution. While there is still more work to do, we re focused on executing with excellence in what remains a challenging environment to drive top-line growth and rebuild margin. We re confident we have the right plans in place to win with consumers given the strength and superior value of our brands and our ongoing investments in innovation and brand-building throughout our advantaged portfolio. This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for more details. 1 Organic sales growth (decrease) and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Information at the end of this press release for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. Strategic and Operational Highlights The followi