=== TSCO_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. These Risk Factors may be updated from time to time in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or other subsequent filings with the SEC. Forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company are based on our knowledge of our business and the environments in which we operate and currently available information and are based on our current expectations and projections about future events. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. ii. Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview Tractor Supply Company (the Company or Tractor Supply or we or our or us ) is the largest rural lifestyle retailer in the United States ( U.S. ). The Company is focused on supplying the needs of recreational farmers, ranchers, and all those who enjoy living the rural lifestyle (which we refer to as the Out Here lifestyle). We operate retail stores under the names Tractor Supply Company and Petsense by Tractor Supply. Our stores are located primarily in towns outlying major metropolitan markets and in rural communities. We also offer an expanded assortment of products through the Tractor Supply mobile application and online at TractorSupply.com, Petsense.com, and Allivet.com. On December 30, 2024, the Company completed its acquisition of Allivet, an online pet pharmacy. Pursuant to the agreement governing the transaction, the Company acquired 100% of the equity interest in Allivet for a purchase price of $135.0 million. The acquisition was financed with cash on hand from the balance sheet. The Company has one reportable industry segment which is the retail sale of products that support the rural lifestyle. At December 27, 2025, we operated 2,602 retail stores in 49 states (2,395 Tractor Supply retail stores and 207 Petsense by Tractor Supply retail stores). Our Tractor Supply stores typically range in size from 15,000 to 20,000 square feet of inside selling space, along with additional outside selling space ( Side Lot or Garden Centers ), and our Petsense by Tractor Supply stores have approximately 5,500 square feet of inside selling space. Our online selling websites and our mobile application offer an extended assortment of products beyond those offered in-store and drive traffic into our stores through our buy online and pickup in-store and ship to store programs. Our retail store locations and digital capabilities provide the convenience to allow our customers to engage with us anytime, anywhere, and in any way they choose. Business Strategy for Tractor Supply Company We believe our sales and earnings growth is the result of executing our multi-year strategy, which includes the following key components: Target Market We are dedicated to fulfilling the lifestyle needs of recreational farmers, ranchers, homesteaders, animal and pet owners, and all those who enjoy living the rural lifestyle. Our distinct approach differentiates us from other retailers by concentrating our product assortment and services on these core customers. We provide a convenient shopping experience both in-store and online, focusing on needs-based, demand-driven product categories. Serving the rural lifestyle market, we act as a trip consolidator for numerous needs-based requirements of farm, ranch, and rural customers. Additionally, we extend our legendary customer service to address the Out Here business-to-business market including larger farms, small to medium businesses and event spaces through our direct sales program. Customers Our target customers are home, land, pet, animal and livestock owners who generally have above average income and below average cost of living. We seek to serve a customer base that primarily lives in towns outlying major metropolitan markets and in rural communities. This customer base includes recreational farmers, ranchers, and all those who enjoy living a rural inspired lifestyle. 1 Table of Contents Customer Service We are committed to providing our customers reliable product availability and a convenient, customer-centric experience across shopping channels. In our stores, we believe the ability of our motivated, well-trained team members to provide friendly, responsive and seasoned advice helps our customers find the right products to satisfy their everyday needs, as well as the specialty items needed to complete their rural lifestyle projects. We also engage with our customers through our e-commerce websites and mobile application, which provide the opportunity to allow customers to shop anytime, anywhere, and in any way they choose, while delivering enhanced product information, research, and decision tools that support product selection and informational needs in specific subject areas. Additionally, we maintain a Customer Solutions Center at our Store Support Center located in Brentwood, Tennessee, to support our in-store and online customers, as well as our store team members. We believe this commitment to customer service promotes strong customer loyalty through personalized experiences and provides convenience that our customers expect, which drives repeat shopping experiences. We use a third-party provider to survey and measure our level of customer service. This process allows customers to provide feedback on their shopping experience. Based on the third-party provider s data, we believe our customer satisfaction scores are among the best-in-class. We carefully evaluate the feedback we receive from our customers and implement improvements at both the Company and the individual store level based on that feedback. Store Environment Our stores are designed and managed to make shopping an enjoyable experience and to maximize sales and operating efficiencies. Stores are strategically arranged to provide an open environment for optimal product placement and visual display. In addition, these layouts allow for departmental space to be easily reallocated and visual displays to be changed for seasonal products and promotions. Display and product placement information is routinely sent to stores to ensure quality and uniformity among the stores, and our Field Activity Support Teams ( FAST ) are dedicated to support the stores in creating an enhanced in-store experience for our customers through best-in-class merchandising execution. Our store layouts and visual displays are designed to provide our customers a feeling of familiarity and convenience to enhance the shopping experience. Informative signs are located in key product categories to conveniently assist customers with purchasing decisions and merchandise location. These signs provide customers with a comparison of product qualities, clear pricing, useful information regarding product benefits, and suggestions for appropriate accessories. Also, our store team members wear highly visible red vests or aprons with name tags, and our customer service and checkout counters are conveniently located near the front of the store. Our stores have been equipped with tools such as team member communication devices and mobile point-of-sale devices that enable our team members to provide an enhanced shopping experience to our customers. In addition, our buy online and pickup in-store and ship to store programs, including curbside pickup, provide convenient access for customers to pick up merchandise from our store locations. We also offer store delivery in all of our Tractor Supply stores to meet our customers needs. We are in the midst of a multi-year project that began in 2020 to remodel our existing store base, bringing programs to life with new fixtures, layouts, and products that truly enhance the customer shopping experience. The site-level space is analyzed category by category and reallocated as needed to align with current merchandising strategies and to drive space productivity. Another space productivity initiative is to transform our Side Lot with an expanded product offering and an enhanced shopping experience. With this investment, the Side Lot space is leveraged to offer a wider product offering in the lawn and garden categories and new categories within the garden center, and offer greater convenience through the expansion of our buy online and pickup in-store and ship to store capabilities for drive-thru pickup. Merchandising and Purchasing We offer an extensive assortment of products for all those seeking to enjoy the Out Here lifestyle. Our product assortment is tailored to meet the needs of our customers in various geographic markets. Our full line of product offerings includes approximately 17,000 to 25,000 products per store as well as over 300,000 products online. No single product accounted for more than 10% of our sales during fiscal 2025. Our comprehensive selection of merchandise is comprised of the following major product categories: Livestock, Equine Agriculture: livestock and equine feed equipment, poultry, fencing, and sprayers chemicals; Companion Animal: food, treats and equipment for dogs, cats, and other small animals as well as dog wellness; Seasonal Recreation: tractor rider, lawn garden, bird feeding, power equipment, and other recreational products; Truck, Tool, Hardware: truck accessories, trailers, generators, lubricants, batteries, and hardware and tools; and Clothing, Gift, D cor: clothing, footwear, toys, snacks, and decorative merchandise. 2 Table of Contents The following table indicates the percent of net sales represented by each of our major product categories during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023: Percent of Net Sales Fiscal Year Product Category: 2025 2024 2023 Livestock, Equine Agriculture 27 % 26 % 27 % Companion Animal 24 24 25 Seasonal Recreation 24 24 22 Truck, Tool Hardware 15 16 16 Clothing, Gift D cor 10 10 10 Total 100 % 100 % 100 % Note: Net sales by major product categories for prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. Our buying team continuously reviews and updates our product assortment as necessary to respond to customer needs and to offer new, relevant products. We are focused on providing key products that our customers use on a regular basis for their lifestyle and maintenance needs with emphasis on consumable, usable, and edible ( C.U.E. ) products. Examples of C.U.E. product categories include, but are not limited to, livestock feed and bedding, pet food, bird seed, lubricants, propane, and various seasonal products, such as fertilizer, weed control, mulch, pest control, and twine. Our products are sourced through both domestic and international vendors, each of whom are expected to adhere to a code of conduct that guides our relationship. Our business is not dependent upon any single vendor or particular group of vendors. We purchase our products from a group of over 1,100 vendors, with no one vendor representing more than 10% of our purchases during fiscal 2025. Approximately 425 core vendors accounted for 90% of our merchandise purchases during fiscal 2025. We have not experienced any significant difficulty in obtaining satisfactory alternative sources of supply for our products to meet customer demands despite the changes in tax and trade policies, tariffs, and other regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries. We believe that adequate sources of supply exist, but they may cost more or require us to incur higher transportation costs. Our buying teams focus on merchandise procurement, vendor line reviews, and testing of new products and programs. We also employ a dedicated inventory management team that focuses exclusively on forecasting and inventory replenishment, a committed merchandise planning team that concentrates on assortment planning, and a specialized pricing team that seeks to optimize market-specific pricing for our products. Through the combined efforts of these teams, we continue to focus on improving our overall inventory productivity and in-stock inventory position. Intellectual Property Our subsidiary, Tractor Supply Co. of Texas, LP ( TSCT ), owns registrations with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) for various service marks including TSC , Tractor Supply Co. , TSC Tractor Supply Co. , Petsense by Tractor Supply , and the trapezium design for retail services. We consider these service marks, and the accompanying goodwill and name recognition, to be valuable assets of our business. TSCT also owns several other service marks for retail services, some of which have been registered with the USPTO and some of which are the subject of applications for registration pending before the USPTO. In addition to selling products that bear high quality, nationally-known manufacturer brands, we also sell products under a number of brands owned by the Company ( Owned Brands ) as well as exclusively licensed product categories per licensing agreements with third parties ( Exclusive Product Categories ) that we consider to be important to our business. These Owned Brands are manufactured for us by a number of vendors and provide an alternative to the national brands, which helps provide value for our customers and positions us as a destination retailer. Beginning in the fiscal year ended December 27, 2025, we revised the metric of exclusive brands as a percentage of total sales, which historically included only our Owned Brands, to include both our Owned Brands and Exclusive Product Categories as a percent of total sales. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform to the current year presentation. Our Owned Brands and Exclusive Product Categories, collectively, represented approximately 30%, 29%, and 29% of our total sales in fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. 3 Table of Contents Our Owned Brands identified below have been registered as trademarks with the USPTO for certain products and some are the subject of additional applications for registration pending before the USPTO for other products. 4health (pet foods and supplies) Paws Claws (pet foods and supplies) American Farmworks (livestock, farm and ranch equipment) Producer s Pride (livestock and horse feed and supplies) Bit Bridle (apparel and footwear) Red Shed (gifts, collectibles, and outdoor furniture) Blue Mountain (apparel) Redstone (heating products) C.E. Schmidt (apparel and footwear) Retriever (pet foods and supplies) Country Lane (grooming preparations, animal feed and feed supplements) Ridgecut (apparel) Countyline (livestock, farm and ranch equipment) Royal Wing (bird feed and supplies) Country Tuff (lubricants, fluids and oil treatments) Royal Wing Total Care (bird feed and supplies) Dumor (livestock and horse feed and supplies) Strive (pet foods) Farm Table (pet food and treats) Traveller (truck and automotive products) Groundwork (lawn and garden supplies) TravellerX (truck and automotive products) Huskee (outdoor power equipment) Treeline (hunting gear and accessories) Impeckables (poultry feed, poultry kits and egg incubators) TSC Tractor Supply Co (trailers, truck tool boxes and animal bedding) JobSmart (tools) Untamed (pet foods) Our trademark and service mark registrations have various expiration dates; however, provided that we continue to use the marks and file appropriate maintenance and renewal documentation with the USPTO in a timely manner, the registrations are potentially perpetual in duration. Our patents (United States) have expiration dates ranging from March 31, 2030 to January 18, 2044 and protect various elements, designs or functions of farm and ranch equipment, as well as light systems for trucks and other vehicles. We believe our intellectual property, which includes the trademarks and service marks identified above, together with certain trade names, domain names, patents, and copyrights, has significant value and is an important component of our merchandising and marketing strategies. Distribution We currently operate a distribution facility network for supplying stores with merchandise and delivering product ordered through our websites and mobile application. In fiscal 2025, our Tractor Supply stores received approximately 81% of their merchandise through this network while the remaining merchandise shipped directly from our vendors to our stores or customers. We believe this flow facilitates the prompt and efficient distribution of merchandise that allows us to be a dependable supplier to our customers for their Out Here lifestyle solutions by enhancing in-stock inventory positions, while minimizing freight expense and improving the inventory turn rate. Our distribution facilities, located in Arizona, Arkansas, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Nebraska, New York, Ohio and Texas represent a total distribution center capacity of approximately 7.8 million square feet. We also use third-party operated import centers, mixing centers, and pop-up distribution facilities which provide additional distribution capacity. In addition, the Company is building a new distribution center located in Nampa, Idaho. This new facility will expand the Company s distribution center capacity by approximately 865,000 square feet and is anticipated to begin operations in the fourth quarter of 2026. We select the locations of our distribution facilities in an effort to minimize logistics costs and optimize the distance from distribution facilities to our stores. Our distribution centers utilize warehouse and labor management tools that support the planning, control, and processing of inventory. We manage our inbound and outbound transportation activity in-house through the use of a transportation management system. We utilize multiple common carriers for store and direct to customer deliveries. We manage our transportation costs through carrier negotiations, monitoring of transportation routes, and scheduling of deliveries. Additionally, our comprehensive Final Mile delivery solution ( Final Mile ) provides greater order visibility and delivery reliability to our customers and is a key initiative for driving our direct sales business and our digital sales. 4 Table of Contents Marketing Leveraging our value-driving offerings from our Neighbor s Club loyalty program, we employ an everyday low price philosophy to consistently offer our products at competitive prices complemented by limited and strategically planned promotions throughout the year. To drive store and online traffic, build brand consideration, and position ourselves as a destination retailer, we promote a broad selection of merchandise and our Life Out Here brand messaging through digital and social media initiatives, targeted digital video (connected TV and streaming programming), and e-mail. In addition, our Neighbor s Club loyalty program continues to drive strong customer engagement and enhances our ability to engage with our customers, recognize and reward our best customers, drive desired purchase behaviors, and create brand advocacy. Vendors frequently support these specific programs by offering temporary cost reductions, additional funding, and honoring coupons. Our vendors also provide assistance with product presentation and fixture design, support for in-store events, point-of-purchase materials for customer education, and product knowledge training for our team members. Digital Ensuring that our customers can engage with us through a seamless, digital experience that supports their Life Out Here needs whether in our stores, on our website, on our mobile application, or via our Customer Solutions Center, is a high priority for us. Our approach is to make our products, expertise, and services accessible whenever and however customers choose to engage with Tractor Supply. We provide our customers the opportunity to shop in a manner that fits their lifestyle. Through our Neighbor s Club loyalty program, we use customer insights to strengthen engagement and personalize experiences across channels. We offer buy online, pickup in-store, curbside pickup, delivery to a local store, and delivery to home, farm, or business. Our digital platform offers an extended assortment, including direct to consumer items not carried in stores, allowing us to expand our endless aisle to meet a broader range of customer needs. For select products, we offer same day delivery. Our distribution facilities and our nationwide store network operate together as an integrated fulfillment capability supporting our omnichannel capabilities. Our digital platforms, stores, and supply chain are increasingly connected through digital capabilities, enabling a seamless shopping experience and supporting the fulfillment of a significant portion of digital orders through our stores. We continue to invest in technologies that enhance both customer and team member experiences, including data analytics, automation, and the responsible use of artificial intelligence. These tools support operational efficiency, strengthen our digital platforms, and improve fulfillment capabilities across our integrated network. Continuous Improvement We are committed to a continuous improvement program that enhances productivity and operational effectiveness. Using the Tractor Value System, our internal continuous improvement framework along with data analytics and team member engagement, we assess processes and identify opportunities to reduce costs and support innovation. We establish annual goals for productivity and cost improvement and provide training to expand our team s understanding and application of continuous improvement principles. We have implemented various continuous improvement projects across the business. Team members are empowered to challenge existing processes and improve operations. Management regularly seeks input from team members and incorporates their feedback into improvement initiatives. Management Information and Control Systems We have invested resources in management information and control systems to support our operations, manage merchandise flow, and provide a consistent customer experience across our stores, supply chain, and digital platforms. This investment includes use of digital technologies that support the Life Out Here lifestyle and integrate the customer experience in-store, online, and through our Customer Solutions Center, which connects multiple customer engagement channels. Our key platforms include: Point-of-sale system; In-store mobility; E-commerce platform; Consumer mobile app; Replenishment and allocation systems; Merchandising presentation and inventory management tools; Warehouse and transportation management systems; Labor management tools for stores and supply chain; Price and promotion management system; Vendor purchase order control system; 5 Table of Contents Human resource information systems; Business intelligence and analytics tools; and Customer loyalty and campaign management system. These systems are integrated through an enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) system. This ERP system tracks merchandise from initial order through final sale and interfaces with our financial systems. We invest in technology to maintain the reliability, scalability, and security of our systems and to support our strategic priorities. We also continue to evaluate and improve the functionality of our systems to maximize their effectiveness. Such efforts include ongoing hardware and software updates, modernization of core platforms, and upgrades to support stable and efficient system performance. We also invest in information technology and implement and assess capabilities such as computer vision, automation, advanced analytics, and the responsible use of artificial intelligence. We evaluate additional emerging technologies, including robotics, robotic process automation, and edge computing, as potential tools to improve operational efficiency. We also maintain and regularly strengthen the security of our information systems to help protect personal information and other confidential Company data. We continue to adapt to evolving industry privacy laws and standards, as well as governance standards related to artificial intelligence. Critical areas of focus include cloud, endpoint protection, identity access management, and privacy. Collectively, these efforts are designed to support secure, efficient, and stable systems throughout our organization. Petsense by Tractor Supply Petsense by Tractor Supply is a small-box pet specialty supply retailer focused on meeting the needs of pet owners, primarily in small and mid-sized communities, and offering a variety of pet products and services. At December 27, 2025, we operated a total of 207 Petsense by Tractor Supply stores in 23 states and an e-commerce website ( Petsense.com ). The Petsense name is registered with the USPTO. Allivet Allivet is an online pet and animal pharmacy fully licensed in all 50 states with three distribution centers that allow it to efficiently serve the needs of its customers and reach a large majority of the U.S. with next day delivery. We operate the Allivet pharmacy through both Tractorsupply.com and Allivet.com . Allivet has a proven platform to make pet parenting easier by providing convenient access to brand-name medications, expert pharmacy advice, and automatic delivery with its auto-ship program. Human Capital We believe that our team members are the foundation of our business and that their hard work, passion, commitment, and experience drive our success. As a result of our commitment to our team members, we have been recognized by the Great Place to Work Institute as a Great Place to Work-Certified company for six consecutive years. Additionally, we earned a spot on national lists including Computerworld s Best Places to Work in IT (2025), Newsweek s America's Most Admired Companies (2025), and Forbes America's Best Large Employers (2024). Below are further descriptions of our Company and our focus on the development and support of our team members: Management and Team Members As of December 27, 2025, we employed approxima tely 26,000 full-time and 26,000 part-time team members and use contractors on an as-needed basis. We typically employ additional part-time team members throughout the year during high sales volume periods. We are not party to any collective bargaining agreements. Eligible team members participate in one of our various bonus incentive programs, which provide the opportunity to receive additional compensation based upon individual, team, and/or Company performance. In addition to bonus incentive programs, we provide our eligible team members with the opportunity to participate in an employee stock purchase plan and a 401(k) retirement savings plan. We offer health insurance for which we share a significant portion of the cost of premiums. We additionally provide our eligible team members with a tuition reimbursement program, paid time off and a six-week parental leave policy for new parents. Our team members also receive a discount on merchandise purchased from the Company. We encourage a promote-from-within environment when internal resources permit. We also provide internal leadership development programs designed to prepare our high-potential team members for greater responsibility. Our current team of district managers and store managers has an average tenure of approximately ten and seven years, respectively. We believe 6 Table of Contents internal promotions, coupled with the hiring of individuals with previous retail experience, provide the management structure necessary to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives. Store Team Member Learning Development We seek to hire store team members who live and appreciate the Out Here lifestyle, including recreational farmers, ranchers, homesteaders, animal and pet owners, and all those who enjoy living the rural lifestyle. We endeavor to staff our stores with courteous, highly motivated team members and devote considerable resources to training store team members, often in cooperation with our vendors. Our learning development programs include: A thorough on-boarding process to prepare new team members for their new role; Productive workplace environment training that is intended to educate team members on Company policies and procedures covering topics such as harassment, discrimination, and retaliation; New store opening training that prepares our store managers to open new stores to Company standards; A management training program which covers all aspects of our store operations, including delivering superior service and managing the team member experience; Structured training on customer service and selling skills; Online product knowledge training produced in conjunction with key vendors; Leadership development programs that prepare leaders to expand their current contributions; Periodic all store team member meetings; and An annual store manager meeting with vendor product presentations. Workplace Health and Safety At Tractor Supply, maintaining a healthy, safe environment for our team members and customers is embedded in our mission and values. Team members are empowered to do the right thing and encourage the same of others. We are committed to driving a culture of safety for our team members, customers and communities through role-based training specific to Tractor Supply s operations, the use of technology to deliver training, and an attitude of continuous improvement. Respectful Workplace Initiatives At Tractor Supply, we foster a safe, dynamic and productive work environment free of discrimination, harassment and retaliation, supported by our Mission and Values, where everyone is treated with respect and which fosters different perspectives, ideas and innovative thinking. Our Mission and Values have been the foundation of our culture for more than 85 years. All of our team members and customers are highly valued, and we place high importance on considering different viewpoints and caring for and supporting one another. Growth Strategy Tractor Supply believes we can grow our business by being an integral part of our customers lives as the dependable supplier of Out Here lifestyle solutions, creating customer loyalty through personalized experiences, our Neighbor's Club loyalty program and providing convenience that our customers expect at anytime, anywhere, and in any way they choose. Our long-term growth strategy is to: (1) expand and deepen our customer base by providing personal, localized, and memorable customer engagements by leveraging content, social media, and digital shopping experiences, attracting new customers and driving loyalty, (2) evolve customer experiences by digitizing our business processes and furthering our Digital capabilities, (3) offer relevant assortments and services across all channels through exclusive and national brands and continue to grow our total addressable market by introducing new products and services through our test and learn strategy, (4) drive operational excellence and productivity through continuous improvement, increasing space utilization, and implementing advanced supply chain capabilities to support growth, scale and agility, and (5) expand through selective acquisitions, as such opportunities arise, to add complementary businesses and to enhance penetration into new and existing markets to supplement organic growth. Achieving this strategy will require a foundational focus on: (1) connecting, empowering and growing our team to enhance our team members' lives and the communities in which they live, enabling them to provide legendary service to our customers, and (2) allocating resources in a disciplined and efficient manner to drive profitable growth and build stockholder value, including leveraging technology and automation, to align our cost structure to support new business capabilities for margin improvement and cost reductions. 7 Table of Contents Over the past five years, we have experienced considerable sales growth, resulting in a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 7.9%. We plan to open approximately 100 new Tractor Supply stores in fiscal 2026, a selling square footage increase of approximately 4%. In fiscal 2025, we opened 99 new Tractor Supply stores and five new Petsense by Tractor Supply stores. In fiscal 2024, we opened 80 new Tractor Supply stores and 11 new Petsense by Tractor Supply stores. This represents a selling square footage increase of approximately 4% during fiscal 2025 and 2% during fiscal 2024. At December 27, 2025, we operated 2,602 retail stores in 49 states (2,395 Tractor Supply retail stores and 207 Petsense by Tractor Supply retail stores). Given the size of the communities that we target, we believe there is ample opportunity for new store growth in many existing and new markets. We believe we have developed a proven method for selecting store sites and have significant additional opportunities for new Tractor Supply stores. We also believe that there is opportunity for continued growth for Petsense by Tractor Supply stores. Approximately 61% of our stores are in freestanding buildings and 39% are located in shopping centers. We lease approximately 97% of our stores and own the remaining 3%. In addition to new store expansion, we will continue to support our strategic growth through expansion of our distribution network and initiatives including, among others, space productivity and Side Lot improvements to include Garden Centers in certain existing stores as well as continued improvements in technology and infrastructure at our existing stores, and ongoing investments to enhance our Digital capabilities to better serve our customers. Competition We operate in a competitive retail industry. We believe the principal competitive factors include location of stores, fulfillment options, price, quality of merchandise, in-stock inventory consistency, merchandise assortment and presentation, product knowledge, and customer service. We compete with general merchandise retailers, home center retailers, pet retailers, specialty and discount retailers, independently owned retail farm and ranch stores, numerous privately-held regional farm store chains and farm cooperatives, as well as internet-based retailers. However, we believe we successfully differentiate ourselves from many of these retailers by focusing on our specialized market niche for customers living the rural lifestyle. See further discussion of competition in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Seasonality and Weather Our business is seasonal. Historically, our sales and profits are the highest in the second and fourth fiscal quarters due to the sale of seasonal products. We usually experience our highest inventory and accounts payable balances during our first fiscal quarter for purchases of seasonal products to support the higher sales volume of the spring selling season, and again during our third fiscal quarter to support the higher sales volume of the cold-weather selling season. We believe that our business can be more accurately assessed by focusing on the performance of the halves, not the quarters, due to the fact that different weather patterns from year-to-year can shift the timing of sales and profits between quarters, particularly between the first and second fiscal quarters and the third and fourth fiscal quarters. Historically, weather conditions, including unseasonably warm weather in the fall and winter months and unseasonably cool weather in the spring and summer months, have unfavorably affected the timing and volume of our sales and results of operations. In addition, extreme weather conditions, including snow and ice storms, flood and wind damage, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme rain, and droughts have impacted operating results both negatively and positively, depending on the severity and duration of these conditions. See further discussion in Item 1A. Risk Factors Weather and Climate Risks of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our strategy is to manage product flow and adjust merchandise assortments and depth of inventory to capitalize on seasonal demand trends. Information about our Executive Officers Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the following list is included in Part I of this Report in lieu of being included in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 14, 2026. 8 Table of Contents The following is a list of the names and ages of all executive officers of the registrant, indicating all positions and offices with the registrant held by each such person and each person s principal occupations and employment during at least the past five years: Name Position Age Harry A. Lawton, III President and Chief Executive Officer 51 Kurt D. Barton Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 54 J. Seth Estep Executive Vice President Chief Merchandising Officer 46 Kimberley S. Gardiner Senior Vice President Chief Marketing Officer 57 Melissa D. Kersey Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer 51 Robert D. Mills Executive Vice President Chief Technology, Digital Commerce and Strategy Officer 53 John P. Ordus Executive Vice President Chief Stores Officer 50 Colin W. Yankee Executive Vice President Chief Supply Chain Officer 48 Harry A. Lawton, III has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2020. Mr. Lawton served as President of Macy's, Inc. from September 2017 to December 2019. Prior to that time, Mr. Lawton served as Senior Vice President, North America at eBay, Inc. since May 2015. Mr. Lawton previously held a number of leadership positions at Home Depot, Inc. from 2005 to 2015, including Senior Vice President of Merchandising and head of Home Depot's online business. Since January 2019, Mr. Lawton has served as a director of Sealed Air Corporation and was appointed as a director of Wayfair Inc. in November 2025. Mr. Lawton also previously served as a director of Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. from October 2016 to February 2018. Kurt D. Barton has served as Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since February 2019, after having served as the Company s Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since March 2017. Prior to that time, Mr. Barton served as Senior Vice President Controller of the Company since February 2016. Mr. Barton previously served as Vice President Controller of the Company from February 2009, after having served as the Company's Director, Internal Audit from July 2002 to February 2009. Mr. Barton has served in various other leadership roles in accounting since he joined the Company in 1999. Mr. Barton, a Certified Public Accountant, began his career in public accounting in 1993, spending six years at Ernst Young, LLP. Since October 2024, Mr. Barton has served as a director of KeHE Distributors, LLC. J. Seth Estep has served as Executive Vice President Chief Merchandising Officer since February 2020, after having served as the Company's Senior Vice President, General Merchandising since April 2017. Prior to that time, Mr. Estep served the Company as a Vice President, Divisional Merchandise Manager from February 2014. Mr. Estep also previously served in various other leadership roles in merchandising since he re-joined the Company in January 2008. Since October 2023, Mr. Estep has served as a director at Leslie s, Inc. Kimberley S. Gardiner has served as Senior Vice President - Chief Marketing Officer since July 2022. Ms. Gardiner was previously Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President at Volkswagen Group of America from November 2020 until July 2022. Prior to that time, Ms. Gardiner served as the Chief Marketing Officer for Mitsubishi Motors North America from January 2019 to November 2020 and as Director of Marketing for Kia Motors America from March 2016 to January 2019. Prior to 2019, Ms. Gardiner held various marketing and strategy roles with increasing responsibility at 5th Kind and Toyota North America. Melissa D. Kersey has served as Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer since July 2020. Ms. Kersey was previously Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer for McDonald's USA, LLC from 2017 until July 2020. Ms. Kersey also previously held a number of executive level roles with Walmart Inc. (previously Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.) from 2008 to 2017, including Senior Vice President of Global Human Resource Transformation and People Services, Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for U.S. Stores, and Senior Vice President of Learning and Human Resources Strategy. Prior to that time, Ms. Kersey spent eight years with Alltel Wireless and four years with the Target Corporation in Operations, Distribution, Human Resources and Technology roles. Since May 2023, Ms. Kersey has served as a director at Floor D cor Holdings, Inc. 9 Table of Contents Robert D. Mills has served as Executive Vice President Chief Technology, Digital Commerce and Strategy Officer since August 2018, prior to which he served as the Company's Senior Vice President Chief Information Officer since February 2014. Mr. Mills previously served as Chief Information Officer for Ulta Beauty, Inc. from October 2011 until he joined the Company. From 2005 to 2011, Mr. Mills was Vice President, Chief Information Officer for the online business unit at Sears Holdings Corporation where he began as an Information Technology Customer Relationship Leader in 2001. Prior to 2001, Mr. Mills held roles at The Allstate Corporation, Rockwell International, Telecommunications Division, and Household Finance Corporation. Since March 2018, Mr. Mills has served as a director of B G Foods, Inc. Mr. Mills also serves as an Independent Director of OneSight and is a former Chairman for the NRG CIO Council. John P. Ordus has served as Executive Vice President Chief Stores Officer since February 2020, after having served as the Company's Senior Vice President - Store Operations since August 2015. Prior to that time, Mr. Ordus served as Regional Vice President from June 2010 and as a Regional Director for the Company from September 2008. Mr. Ordus joined the Company as a District Manager in February 2002 after the acquisition of Quality Farm Fleet, Inc. with which Mr. Ordus held roles since January 1998. Colin W. Yankee has served as Executive Vice President - Chief Supply Chain Officer since February 2020, after having served as the Company's Senior Vice President, Supply Chain since November 2015 when he joined the Company. Mr. Yankee was previously Vice President of Logistics for Neiman Marcus Group LLC from 2013 to 2015. Prior to that time, Mr. Yankee held various leadership roles in logistics and supply chain with the Target Corporation since 2004. He began his career as a Cavalry Officer, Captain in the United States Army. Additional Information We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other reports as required. We are an electronic filer and the SEC maintains a website at sec.gov that contains the reports, proxy and information statements, and other information we file. We make available, free of charge through our website, TractorSupply.com , our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information provided on our website is not part of this report, and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this report. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business faces many risks. Certain risks of which we are currently aware and deem to be material are described below. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may significantly suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Strategic and Competitive Risks We may be unable to increase sales at our existing stores. We experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales at our existing stores, defined as sales in stores which have been open for at least twelve months. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a further discussion of comparable store sales. Various factors affect the comparable store sales at our existing stores, including, among others, the general retail sales environment, our ability to efficiently source and distribute products, global supply chain disruptions, changes in our merchandise assortment, competition, proximity of our locations to one another or to the locations of other competing retailers, increased presence of online retailers, current economic conditions, customer satisfaction with our products, retail pricing, the timing of promotional events, the release of new merchandise, the success of marketing programs, weather conditions, and our ability to attract and retain qualified team members. These factors may cause the comparable store sales results at our existing stores to differ materially from prior periods and from expectations. Past comparable store sales are not an indication of future results, and there can be no assurance that our comparable store sales will not decrease in the future. 10 Table of Contents Our merchandising and marketing initiatives may not provide expected results. We believe our past performance has been based upon, and future success will depend in part upon, the ability to develop and execute merchandising initiatives with effective marketing programs. These merchandising initiatives and marketing programs may not deliver expected results, and there is no assurance that we will correctly identify and respond in a timely manner to evolving trends and consumer preferences and expectations. If we misjudge the market or our marketing programs are not successful, we may overstock unpopular products and be forced to take inventory impairment or retail price reductions that have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Failure to execute and promote such initiatives in a timely manner could harm our ability to grow the business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Shortages of key merchandise could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations, or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected weather conditions, public health issues (including pandemics and quarantines and related shut-downs, re-openings, or other actions by the government) or natural disasters, while also managing appropriate inventory levels in our stores and distribution or fulfillment centers and managing an excellent customer experience. It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customer will demand. As our customers increasingly expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use, and protect relevant customer data is important to our ability to effectively meet their expectations. Our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. In addition, each of our primary customer groups has different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. We also need to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local cultural and demographic tastes within each customer group. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. Customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also becoming more demanding. Customers routinely use technology and a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms to rapidly compare products and prices, read product reviews, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products. Once products are purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for delivery of those products, and they often expect quick, timely, and low-price or free delivery and/or convenient pickup options. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process. There is no guarantee that measures we take to address this, such as our store localization, direct sales, and Final Mile initiatives, will be successful or sufficient to address our customer s needs. In addition, a greater concentration of online sales with direct fulfillment or curbside pickup could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our stores, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-selling of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our overall sales and adversely affect our financial performance. Failure to provide a compelling online presence; to timely identify or respond to changing consumer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs; to maintain appropriate inventory; to provide quick and low-price or free delivery alternatives and convenient pickup options; to differentiate the customer experience for our primary customer groups; to effectively implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment; and to ensure we have the correct processes and framework to monitor other necessary changes so we may continue to respond in a timely manner could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Failure to open and manage new stores in the number and manner currently contemplated could adversely affect our financial performance. An integral part of our business strategy includes the expansion of our store base through new store openings. Our expansion strategy is dependent on our ability to find suitable locations, and we face competition from many retailers and other businesses for such sites. If we are unable to implement this strategy, our ability to increase our sales, profitability, and cash flow could be impaired. To the extent that we are unable to open new stores in the manner we anticipate (due to, among other reasons, site approval or unforeseen delays in construction), our sales growth may be impeded. There can be no assurance that our new store openings will be successful or result in incremental sales and profitability for the Company. New stores build their sales volumes and refine their merchandise selection over time and, as a result, generally have 11 Table of Contents lower gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of net sales than our more mature stores. As we continue to open new stores, there may be a negative impact on our results from a lower contribution margin of these new stores until their sales levels ramp to chain average, if at all, as well as from the impact of related pre-opening costs. Additionally, new stores can also impact the sales and contribution margins of existing stores located in close proximity. As we execute this expansion strategy, we may also experience managerial or operational challenges which may prevent any expected increase in sales, profitability, or cash flow. Our ability to manage our planned expansion depends on the adequacy of our existing information systems, the efficiency and expansion of our distribution systems, the adequacy of the hiring and training process for new personnel (especially store managers), the effectiveness of our controls and procedures, and the ability to identify customer demand and build market awareness in different geographic areas. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our planned expansion, that the new stores will be effectively integrated into our existing operations or that such stores will be profitable. Competition may hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our operations. We operate in the highly competitive retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors. These competitors include general merchandise retailers, home center retailers, pet retailers, specialty and discount retailers, independently-owned retail farm and ranch stores, numerous privately-held regional farm store chains, and farm cooperatives, as well as internet-based retailers. We compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations, and team members. This competitive environment subjects us to various other risks, including the inability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. Our failure to compete effectively in this environment could adversely impact our financial performance. We may pursue strategic acquisitions and the failure of an acquisition to produce the anticipated results or the inability to fully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business. We may, from time to time, acquire businesses we believe to be complementary to our business, such as the acquisition of Allivet, Inc. ( Allivet ) in December 2024. The success of an acquisition is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration, and other factors relating to the target business. Acquisitions may result in difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and may result in the diversion of our capital and our management s attention from other business issues and opportunities. We may not be able to successfully integrate an organization that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations, and general operating procedures. If we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, we could experience increased costs associated with operating inefficiencies which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Acquired businesses may not achieve desired profitability objectives or other expectations, causing lower than expected earnings and cash flows which could adversely affect our financial performance and subsequently require impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets. 12 Table of Contents Failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name or any of our Owned Brands. Our success depends in part on the value and strength of the Tractor Supply name, including our Owned Brands. The Tractor Supply name is integral to our business, as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide high quality merchandise and a consistent, high quality customer experience. Our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity, whether or not based on fact. Any failure to comply or accusation of our failure to comply with data privacy, environmental, ethical, labor, product, social, and other regulatory and industry standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback and information about our Company, including our products and services, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. We have been, and in the future may be, subject to criticism in the media and on social media regarding our company and management, as well as our stewardship strategies and changes in those strategies, which may be considered to be overreaching by some stakeholders and inadequate by other stakeholders. Widespread dissemination of such criticism at times has impacted our relationships with our customers and investors, and may do so in the future. Further, adverse publicity about our merchandise products or company, whether valid or not, may discourage customers from buying the products we offer. Additionally, our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. We may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized third party uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own. Any of these events could result in decreased revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business. Weather and Climate Risks Unseasonal and extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, and climate change may have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Weather conditions affect the demand for, timing of demand for, and in some cases the supply of, products, which in turn has an impact on prices. Historically, weather conditions, including unseasonably warm weather in the fall and winter months and unseasonably cool weather in the spring and summer months, have affected the timing and volume of our sales and results of operations. In addition, extreme weather conditions, such as more frequent or intense hurricanes and tropical storms, thunderstorms, tornadoes, flood, fires, droughts, earthquakes, and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels, have impacted operating results both positively and negatively and may positively or negatively impact our business in the future. While extreme weather conditions can positively impact our operating results by increasing demand in affected locations for products needed to cope with the weather condition and its effects, they can also negatively affect our business depending on the severity and length of these conditions, as a result of store closings, damage to our stores or merchandise, or the inability of customers to shop at our stores due to weather conditions. Our strategy is to manage product flow and adjust merchandise assortments and depth of inventory to capitalize on seasonal demand trends. Should such a strategy not be effective, the weather may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the long-term impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) or transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes, including the risk of evolving or diverging regulatory requirements and investor and consumer expectations in different jurisdictions) are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. These changes over time could affect, for example, consumer behavior and preferences, the availability and cost of certain consumer products and commodities, and energy (including utilities), which, in turn, may impact our ability to procure certain goods or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we or our customers require. As a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability. Weather conditions may cause a disruption in our distribution and transportation network that would adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations. We rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods to our stores and to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. Disruptions due to extreme weather conditions, including snow and ice storms, flood and wind damage, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme rain, fires and droughts have at times resulted and may in the future 13 Table of Contents result in delays in the transportation and delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers, our stores, or our customers. Significant disruptions or delays in our distribution and transportation network could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our customers which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory, or market responses to global climate change. Growing concern over climate change has led policy makers in the U.S. and elsewhere to consider the enactment of legislative and regulatory proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions. Such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. For example, we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline and electricity in conducting our operations. Increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance costs and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs, which could materially affect our profitability. We may also be subject to additional and more complex reporting requirements in the future. For example, the State of California recently amended the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act that will impose broad climate-related disclosure obligations on companies doing business in California. The implementation of certain of these requirements was paused in November 2025 and remains subject to litigation, with the result that the timing and outcomes of such court proceedings are currently unclear. If enacted, the disclosure rules could significantly increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or requirements, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. In addition, regulatory uncertainty, changes in applicable rules and regulations, and regulations in different jurisdictions that may conflict with each other may make compliance more costly or difficult to achieve. Our inability to appropriately respond to such changes could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, we could suffer adverse reputational impacts if we are not able to respond to any new regulatory or market changes in a timely fashion, on the same timeline as our peers, or at all. Our investors, other stakeholders, and regulators may not be satisfied with our ESG efforts including DE I. In July 2024, we announced a change in our goals relating to our carbon emissions goals and DE I efforts. In addition, in 2025, we determined not to adopt climate targets in line with the Science Based Targets initiative. Our stakeholders may not be satisfied with our efforts or the changes in our goals, which could adversely affect public perception of our business, team member morale, customer or stockholder support as well as business and/or financial performance. For example, certain of our investors, as well as shareholder advocates, are placing an emphasis on how corporations address ESG including DE I issues in their business strategy when making investment decisions and when developing their investment theses and proxy recommendations. Additionally, certain stock indices consider ESG factors in determining which companies qualify for inclusion. If our investors, shareholder advocates, or indices in which we are included react negatively to future changes in our goals, it could have a negative impact on our stock price. Future changes to our ESG goals and strategies may further adversely impact our relationship with our team members, customers, stockholders, and other stakeholders, which could result in a reduction in sales, a negative impact on our stock price, and erosion of stockholder trust or consumer perception. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, including potential enforcement action, if any of our regulators has a negative reaction to the changes in our goals or perceives our goals to conflict with regulatory requirements. Macroeconomic Risks General economic and geopolitical conditions may adversely affect our financial performance. Our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic and geopolitical conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. A weakening of economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as lower employment levels, negative consumer outlook, uncertainty, instability or changes in business or political conditions, social and political causes and movements, including government shutdowns, changes in interest rates, inflation/deflation, higher tax rates or tariffs, changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies, higher fuel and energy costs, higher labor and healthcare costs, and other economic matters could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to competitors. A general reduction in the level of discretionary spending, shifts in consumer discretionary spending to our competitors or shifts in discretionary spending to less profitable products sold by us could result in lower net sales, slower inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, and a reduction in profitability due to lower margins. Furthermore, natural disasters or acts of terrorism, public health epidemics or pandemics, and geopolitical tensions or incidents such as war, civil unrest, terrorist attacks or other acts of violence in the United States or in other areas of the world could adversely affect consumer spending or our operations, which could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 14 Table of Contents Purchase price volatility, including inflationary and deflationary pressures, may adversely affect our financial performance. Although we cannot determine the full effect of inflation and deflation on our operations, we believe our sales and results of operations are affected by both. We are subject to market risk with respect to the pricing of certain products and services, which include, among other items, grain, corn, steel, petroleum, cotton, and other commodities, as well as duties, tariffs, diesel fuel, and transportation services. Therefore, we may experience both inflationary and deflationary pressure on product cost, which may impact consumer demand and, as a result, sales and gross margin. Our strategy is to reduce or mitigate the effects of purchase price volatility principally by taking advantage of vendor incentive programs, economies of scale from increased volume of purchases, adjusting retail prices, and selectively buying from the most competitive vendors while maintaining product quality. Should our strategy to mitigate purchase price volatility be ineffective, our financial performance could be adversely impacted. Team Member Risks Our failure to attract and retain qualified team members, increases in wage and labor costs, and changes in laws and other labor issues could adversely affect our financial performance. Our ability to maintain and continue expanding operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified team members. Our ability to meet labor needs while controlling wage and related labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, increases in legally required minimum wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs, changes in employment legislation and the potential for changes in local labor practices or union activities. If we are unable to locate, attract or retain qualified personnel, or if costs of labor or related costs increase significantly, our financial performance could be adversely affected. We are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing employment practices and working conditions. These laws cover wage and hour practices, labor relations, paid and family leave, workplace safety and immigration, among others. The laws and regulations being passed at the state and local level create unique challenges for a multi-state employer. We must continue to monitor and adapt our employment practices to comply with these various laws and regulations. If our costs of labor or related costs increase significantly as new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented, our financial performance could be adversely affected. The loss of current members of our senior management team and other key team members or the failure to successfully manage an executive officer transition may adversely affect our operating results. Our success depends in large part on the continued availability and service of our executive officers, senior management, and other key team members. Competition for senior management and key team members in our industry is strong and we may not be able to retain our key team members or attract new qualified team members. We must continue to recruit, retain, and motivate management and other team members sufficiently, both to maintain our current business and to execute our long-term strategic growth initiatives. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key senior management without sufficient advance notice could prevent or delay the implementation and completion of our strategic initiatives or divert management s attention to seeking qualified replacements. Additionally, any failure by us to manage a successful leadership transition of an executive officer and to timely identify a qualified permanent replacement could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Supply Chain and Third-Party Vendor Risks We face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced. The products we sell are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors. We have agreements with our vendors in which the vendors agree to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and to indemnify us against certain liabilities and costs. Our ability to recover liabilities and costs under these vendor agreements is dependent upon the financial condition and integrity of the vendors. We rely on long-term relationships with our suppliers but have no significant long-term contracts with such suppliers. Our future success will depend in large measure upon our ability to maintain our existing supplier relationships or to develop new ones. This reliance exposes us to the risk of inadequate and untimely supplies of various products due to political, economic, social, global health, or environmental conditions, transportation delays, or changes in laws and regulations affecting distribution, including the imposition of higher tariffs or other changes in trade policies. Our vendors may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for 15 Table of Contents bankruptcy protection, which could make it difficult for us to serve the market s needs and could have a material adverse effect on our business. The Company does not control third party vendors actions or the components or manufacture of their products. Any problems caused by these third-parties, or issues associated with their products or workforce, including customer or governmental complaints, breakdowns or other disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, and cyber-attacks or security breaches at a vendor could subject the Company to litigation and adversely affect the Company s ability to deliver products and services to its customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We rely on foreign manufacturers for various products that we sell. In addition, many of our domestic suppliers purchase a portion of their products from foreign sources. As an importer, our business is subject to the risks generally associated with doing business internationally, such as domestic and foreign governmental regulations, economic disruptions, global or regional health epidemics, delays in shipments, transportation capacity and costs, currency exchange rates, and changes in political or economic conditions in countries from which we purchase products. If any such factors were to render the conduct of business in particular countries undesirable or impractical or if additional U.S. quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes, or other charges or restrictions were imposed upon the importation of our products in the future, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The economic landscape in the U.S. contains uncertainty with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and regulations, and other geopolitical considerations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries. We source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the U.S., primarily in Asia and Central America. Major developments in tax policy, trade relations, or diplomatic relationships, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise, the imposition of tariffs on imported products or retaliatory actions by countries affected by changes in U.S. tax and trade policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We rely on manufacturers located in foreign countries, including China, for merchandise. Additionally, a portion of our domestically purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad. Our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international trade, including the impact of current or potential tariffs by the U.S. with respect to certain consumer goods imported from China. We source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the U.S., primarily in Asia and Central America, and many of our domestic vendors have a global supply chain. The U.S. has recently imposed new or higher tariffs on certain products imported into the U.S. from China and other countries and could propose additional tariffs. The imposition of tariffs on imported products has increased our costs and could result in reduced sales and profits. The changes in certain tax and trade policies, tariffs and other regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries enacted under the prior U.S. administration increased the cost of our merchandise sourced from outside of the U.S., which represents a large percentage of our overall merchandise. It remains unclear how tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations may change under the current U.S. administration, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity and net income. In addition, the imposition of tariffs by the U.S. has resulted in the adoption of tariffs by China and other countries on U.S. exports and could result in the adoption of additional tariffs by other countries as well. A resulting trade war or increasing trade tensions could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world economy. Further, the imposition of tariffs or other changes in world trade could have an impact on certain U.S. industries and consumers, could cause us to raise our prices and re-evaluate the sourcing of our products, and could consequently negatively impact the consumer demand for products that we sell. Through our enterprise risk management, we continue to evaluate the impact of the effective and potential tariffs on our supply chain, costs, sales, and profitability as well as our strategies to mitigate any negative impact, including negotiating with our vendors, seeking alternative sourcing options, and adjusting retail selling prices. Increased tariffs have impacted our costs and margins, and given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of the current and potential tariffs, as well as the potential for additional trade actions by the U.S. or other countries, the future impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition is uncertain but could be significant. Thus, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful in whole or in part. To the extent that our supply chain, costs, sales, or profitability are negatively affected by the tariffs or other trade actions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 16 Table of Contents A significant disruption to our distribution network or to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits. We rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. Any disruption, unanticipated expense, or operational failure related to this process could negatively affect our operations. For example, unexpected delivery delays (including delays due to weather, fuel shortages, work stoppages, global or regional health epidemics, product shortages from vendors, or other reasons) or increases in transportation costs (including increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments) could significantly decrease our ability to provide adequate products to meet increased customer demand for certain products, or products at a desired price, resulting in lower sales and profitability. In addition, labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries could negatively affect our business. Also, a fire, tornado, snow or ice storm, or other disaster at one of our distribution facilities could disrupt our timely receiving, processing, and shipment of merchandise to our stores which could adversely affect our business. Shortages or interruptions in the receipt or supply of products caused by unanticipated demand, such as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, problems in production or distribution, financial or other difficulties of supplies, inclement weather or other economic conditions, including the availability of qualified drivers and distribution center team members, could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of products, and our operating results. The implementation of our supply chain initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We maintain a network of distribution facilities and have plans to build new distribution facilities and expand existing facilities to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives. Delays in opening new or expanded distribution facilities could adversely affect our future operations by slowing store growth or negatively impacting our fulfillment capabilities, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. In addition, distribution-related construction or expansion projects, such as our Final Mile initiatives, entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental, or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. The completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. We cannot guarantee that all projects will be completed on time or within established budgets. We continue to make significant technology investments in our supply chain. These initiatives are designed to streamline our distribution process so that we can optimize the delivery of goods and services to our stores, distribution facilities, and customers in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost. The cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. In addition, our improved supply chain technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether. Technology, Data Security, Cybersecurity, Business Continuity, and Disaster Recovery Risks Any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our business, customers, team members, and vendors that we hold, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, team members, and vendors. Such a failure could also cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We depend on information systems and technology, some of which are managed or provided by third-parties, for many activities important to our business. As do most retailers, we receive and store in our information systems certain personal and other sensitive information about our business , customers, team members , and vendors. Additionally, we also receive and process information permitting cashless payments as part of our in-store and online operations at TractorSupply.com, Petsense.com, and Allivet.com , and on our mobile application, some of which depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. The information that we receive and store makes us subject to cybersecurity attacks and cyber incidents, which are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated, and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. We are the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and we continuously monitor our information technology networks and infrastructure in an effort to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. We have enhanced our cybersecurity processes and procedures in response to the general cybersecurity threat environment in recent years. We are not aware of any discrete cybersecurity threat, including as a result of 17 Table of Contents any previous cybersecurity incidents, that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, these security measures cannot provide absolute assurance or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing, detecting, or responding to every such breach or disruption and/or preventing the misuse of confidential information of our busines s, customers, team members, or vendors. Similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors on which we rely for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions, even if the attack or breach does not directly impact our systems or information. A compromise of our information security and privacy controls, or those of businesses and vendors with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorized or improper parties; loss or unavailability of data; disruptions to our business activities; or any other outcome stemming from a cybersecurity incident could materially adversely affect our reputation with our custome rs, team members, a nd vendors, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, and could result in significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of insurance coverage. Moreover, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources to respond to the attack or breach and could result in a disruption of our operations. In addition, states and the federal government have enacted laws and regulations relating to privacy, data breaches, and theft of team member and customer data. These laws have increased the costs of doing business and, if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations to implement appropriate safeguards or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these new laws, we could be subject to potential claims for damages and other remedies, which could harm our business. We are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label credit cards, gift cards, direct debit from a customer s bank account, consumer invoicing, and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. These payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers, and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. They also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards and promotional financing, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, adequately encrypt payment transaction data, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our business and operations could suffer material losses in the event of system interruptions or failures. Our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services managed or provided by third-parties, serve an important role in the operation and administration of our business. These systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including, but not limited to, human error, cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, fire, flood, power outages, telecommunication failures, facility or equipment damage, natural disasters, terrorism, and war. In addition, we continually make investments in technology to implement new processes and systems, as well as to maintain and update our existing processes and systems. Implementing process and system changes increases the risk of disruption. If our information technology systems are interrupted or fail and our redundant systems or recovery plans are not adequate to address such interruptions or failures on a timely basis, our revenues and profits could be reduced and the reputation of our brand and our business could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, remediation of any problems with our systems could result in significant, unplanned expenses. 18 Table of Contents Customer-facing technology systems are an important part of our sales and marketing strategy and the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Through our continued information technology enhancements, including the use of artificial intelligence, we believe we are able to provide an improved overall shopping environment and a Digital experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smart phones, and other mobile communication devices. We use our websites, TractorSupply.com , Petsense.com , and Allivet.com , and our mobile application as both a sales channel for our products and as a method of providing product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to drive in-store and online sales. Digital retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer expectations and new developments. The portion of total consumer expenditures with retailers occurring online and through mobile applications has continued to increase. The pace of this increase could further accelerate in the future. Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with customers across numerous channels, including in-store, online, mobile and social media, among others. Digital retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing customer expectations and new developments by our competitors. Our customers are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers, and other devices to shop and to interact with us through social media. We are making investments in our websites and mobile applications. If we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant customer-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Disruptions, failures, or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including any artificial intelligence or machine learning systems we use now or may use in the future, could impair the benefits that they provide to our in-store and online business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers. If we are unable to maintain or upgrade our management information systems and software programs or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient and our long-term strategic growth initiatives may not be successful. We depend on management information systems for many aspects of our business. We rely on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business. We could be materially adversely affected if we experienced a disruption or data loss relating to our management information systems and are unable to recover timely. We could also be adversely impacted if we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our management information systems, particularly in light of the contemplated continued store growth. The success of our long-term strategic growth initiatives designed to increase our sales and improve margin are dependent in varying degrees on the timely delivery and the functionality of information technology systems to support them. Extended delays or cost overruns in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support the long-term strategic growth initiatives would delay and possibly even prevent us from realizing the projected benefits of those initiatives. Our increasing use of and investment in artificial intelligence and other emerging technologies could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and reputation. We use internally developed and third-party artificial intelligence and machine learning technology systems to operate our retail business more efficiently and to enhance the experiences of our customers and team members. Our integrated use of these technology systems is intended to support more personalized customer experiences and improve forecasting, sourcing, inventory planning, labor planning, and fulfillment for seasonal and weather-sensitive demand. We are investing, and expect to continue to invest, in expanding our artificial intelligence capabilities and to consider the adoption of other emerging technologies. There can be no assurance, however, that our development or use of these technologies will achieve their intended benefits, operate as expected, be cost-effective, or not result in unintended consequences. Further, the rapidly evolving legal and regulatory environment relating to artificial intelligence and privacy could impact our implementation of these and other emerging technologies and increase compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. Flaws, breaches, or malfunctions in these systems could lead to operational disruptions, data loss, erroneous decision-making, regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, or legal liability that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial condition. In addition, we face risk of competitive disadvantage if our competitors more effectively use emerging technologies to better serve customers, drive internal efficiencies, and create new or enhanced products or services. 19 Table of Contents Financial Ri