=== BR_2025-10-02.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 BROADRIDGE FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter to Our Stockholders Dear Stockholders, At our 2025 Annual Meeting, I will report on our fiscal year 2025 financial performance, and the members of the Board and I will also answer questions from our stockholders. Our strong fiscal 2025 results highlight the strength and stability of our business, the power of the long-term trends driving our growth, and our execution against our growth strategy. Importantly, these results keep us on track to deliver again on our three-year growth objectives. In accordance with our director retirement policy in our Corporate Governance Principles, Rich Daly and Pam Carter will retire from the Board following the 2025 Annual Meeting. Rich founded the business that ultimately became Broadridge and has been an integral part of the organization ever since, serving as our CEO for 12 years, a member of our Board since 2007, and, most recently, our Executive Chairman. He continues to be an exceptional mentor and I look forward to continuing to work with Rich in support of the Company s growth as he transitions to Chair Emeritus. Pam has been a member of our Board since 2017 and the Chair of our Audit Committee. Her strong leadership will be deeply missed. I want to thank Rich and Pam for their many years of exemplary service on the Board and wish them well. I look forward to welcoming Eileen as our independent Chairperson of the Board following her re-election at the Annual Meeting. Eileen joined our Board three years ago, and she has been a key contributor ever since. Whether or not you plan to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting, please read our 2025 Proxy Statement for important information on each of the proposals and our practices in the areas of corporate governance and executive compensation. Our 2025 Annual Report to Stockholders contains information about our financial performance. Your participation in the governance of our company is important to us, and we strongly urge you to cast your vote. I look forward to our Annual Meeting, and I hope you will join us to hear more about Broadridge. Sincerely, TIMOTHY C. GOKEY Chief Executive Officer October 2, 2025 Our strong fiscal 2025 results highlight the strength and stability of our business, the power of the long-term trends driving our growth, and our execution against our growth strategy. 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders You are cordially invited to attend the virtual 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. ( Annual Meeting ). Our 2025 Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday, November 13, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. You can attend the 2025 Annual Meeting online, vote your shares, and submit questions during the meeting by visiting virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BR25 . Be sure to have the Control Number we have provided to you to join the meeting. At the meeting, stockholders will be asked to vote on the following: Election of the eight nominees listed in this Proxy Statement to the Board of Directors to serve until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified Advisory vote to approve the compensation of our Named Executive Officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement (the Say on Pay Vote ) Ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026 In addition, the Board of Directors may transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. Stockholders of record at the close of business on September 18, 2025, are entitled to vote at the 2025 Annual Meeting. We began distributing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, the 2025 Proxy Statement, the 2025 Annual Report to Stockholders, and proxy card/voting instruction form, as applicable, to stockholders on October 2, 2025. By Order of the Board of Directors, MARIA ALLEN Corporate Secretary October 2, 2025 Advance Voting Methods and Deadlines Even if you plan to attend our virtual Annual Meeting, please read this Proxy Statement with care and vote right away using one of the following methods. ONLINE USING YOUR COMPUTER OR MOBILE DEVICE Registered Owners visit proxyvote.com/BR BY TELEPHONE Registered Owners in the U.S. or Canada dial toll-free 1-800-690-6903 BY SCANNING THIS QR CODE USING YOUR TABLET OR SMARTPHONE Scan this QR code to vote with your mobile device ( may require free software ) IF YOU RECEIVED YOUR PROXY MATERIALS BY MAIL, BY MAILING YOUR PROXY CARD Cast your ballot, sign your proxy card and send by free post You will need the Control Number included on your proxy card, voting instruction form, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. The telephone and internet voting facilities will close at 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on November 12, 2025. If your shares are held in a brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, your ability to vote by telephone or the internet depends on your broker s voting process. Please follow the directions provided to you by your broker, bank, or nominee. VOTING DURING THE ANNUAL MEETING You may also vote during the virtual Annual Meeting by visiting virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BR25 and following the instructions. You will need the Control Number included on your proxy card, voting instruction form, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Your vote is important and we want to hear from you, our stockholders. For every stockholder account that votes, Broadridge will make a $1 charitable donation to Ronald McDonald House New York. 2 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Letter to Our Stockholders 1 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders 2 2025 Performance Snapshot 4 Proxy Statement Summary 5 Election of Directors 9 Information About the Nominees 10 Director Nomination Process 18 Corporate Governance 21 Corporate Governance Highlights 21 Board Structure and Operations 21 The Board s Oversight Role 26 Stockholder Engagement and Director Communications 29 Sustainability 30 Other Corporate Governance Policies, Practices, and Documents 31 Compensation of Directors 32 Our Executive Officers 35 Stock Ownership Information 37 Advisory Vote to Approve Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers 39 Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) 40 Executive Summary 41 2025 Compensation Design and Determination 45 Roles and Processes for Executive Compensation Decision-Making 52 Compensation Governance 55 Compensation Committee Report 58 Executive Compensation Tables 59 CEO Pay Ratio 72 Pay Versus Performance 74 Equity Compensation Plan Information 77 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accountants 78 Fees for Services Provided by Independent Registered Public Accountants 79 Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permitted Non-Audit Services 79 Audit Committee Report 80 Submission of Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 81 About the Annual Meeting and these Proxy Materials 82 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 89 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Performance Snapshot The Broadridge financial model is focused on driving steady revenue growth and consistent earnings per share ( EPS ) growth, generated by: Sustainable Recurring revenue growth Investments in our long-term growth strategy Continued margin expansion from our scale and operational efficiencies Balanced capital allocation leveraging our strong Free cash flow businesses Broadridge continues to execute on our growth strategy to drive the democratization and digitization of governance, simplify and innovate capital markets and modernize wealth management, delivering another year of strong and sustainable growth. For more detailed information about our financial performance, please review the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 ( the 2025 Form 10-K ). Certain measures referenced are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). For an explanation of our use of these Non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to their most directly comparable GAAP measures, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 89 of this Proxy Statement. 4 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. This Proxy Statement is furnished to the stockholders of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (the Company or Broadridge ) in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors or the Board ) for use at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company, for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Voting Information We hope you will exercise your rights and fully participate as a stockholder. It is very important that you vote to play a part in the future of our Company. Your vote is important and we want to hear from you, our stockholders. You do not need to attend the Annual Meeting to vote your shares. For every stockholder account that votes, Broadridge will make a $1 charitable donation to Ronald McDonald House New York. If you hold your shares through a broker, bank or nominee, your broker is not permitted to vote on your behalf on the election of directors and other matters to be considered at the Annual Meeting, except on the ratification of the appointment of our independent registered public accountants for fiscal year 2026, unless you provide specific instructions by completing and returning the voting instruction form or following the instructions provided to you to vote your shares by telephone or online. For your vote to be counted, you will need to communicate your voting decisions to your broker, bank, or nominee before the date of the Annual Meeting. The following table summarizes the proposals to be considered at the Annual Meeting and the Board s voting recommendation with respect to each proposal. Proposals More Information Board s Recommendation Votes Required For Approval Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes Proposal 1 Election of Directors Page 9 FOR Each Nominee Majority of votes cast for each nominee and entitled to vote Do not count (no effect) Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers (the Say on Pay Vote) Page 39 FOR Majority of votes cast and entitled to vote Do not count (no effect) Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accountants for Fiscal Year 2026 Page 78 FOR Majority of votes cast and entitled to vote Do not count (no effect) 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee. See Page 9 Information about Our Nominees The following table provides summary information about each director nominee. Detailed information about each nominee s background, skill set and areas of experience can be found beginning on page 10 of this Proxy Statement. Committee Memberships 2 Director Experience Age 1 AC CC GNC Director Since Robert N. Duelks Independent Former Executive, Accenture plc 70 2009 Melvin L. Flowers Independent Former Head of Internal Audit and Risk Management, Microsoft Corporation Former public company CFO 72 2021 Timothy C. Gokey Chief Executive Officer, Broadridge 64 2019 Brett A. Keller Independent Chief Executive Officer, priceline.com LLC 57 2015 Maura A. Markus Independent Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Bank of the West 67 2013 Eileen K. Murray Lead Independent Director Former Chair of the Board of Governors, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority 68 2022 Annette L. Nazareth Independent Senior Counsel, Davis Polk Wardwell Former SEC Commissioner 69 2021 Amit K. Zavery Independent President, Chief Product Officer, and Chief Operating Officer of ServiceNow 54 2019 1 Director ages are as of August 14, 2025, which is the date the Board approved their nomination. 2 Following re-election to the Board at the 2025 Annual Meeting, Ms. Murray will assume the Chairperson role, Mr. Flowers will become Chair of the Audit Committee, and Ms. Nazareth will become a member of the Governance and Nominating Committee and will no longer serve on the Compensation Committee. AC Audit Committee GNC Governance and Nominating Committee Member CC Compensation Committee Chair 6 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Board Nominee Highlights 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See Page 39 Majority of Compensation of Named Executive Officers is Performance Based The overall objectives of our executive compensation programs are to attract and retain management who will create long-term shareholder value. We have a combination of pay elements, and a majority of the target compensation of the Company s executive officers listed in the Summary Compensation table on page 59 of this Proxy Statement (the Named Executive Officers or NEOs ) is performance based, with the objective of balancing short-term and long-term decision-making in support of our business objectives. Executive Total Target Compensation Mix (1) Other NEOs target TDC is an average of the annualized total compensation of Ms. Ghei, Mr. Perry, Mr. Carey, and Ms. Jarkowski. PROPOSAL 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accountants The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See Page 78 The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee believe that the retention of Deloitte Touche LLP to serve as our independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026 is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Questions and Answers about the Annual Meeting and Voting See the section entitled About the Annual Meeting and these Proxy Materials beginning on page 82 for answers to common questions on the rules and procedures for the proxy and annual meeting process. 8 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Upon the recommendation of the Governance and Nominating Committee, our Board has nominated the eight directors identified on the following pages for election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Each nominee has consented to be nominated and, if elected, to serve on the Board until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their death, resignation, retirement, or removal. All of the nominees are currently Broadridge directors who were elected by stockholders at the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. Mr. Daly and Ms. Carter will retire from our Board at the 2025 Annual Meeting pursuant to the mandatory director retirement policy set forth in our Corporate Governance Principles. Directors are elected annually by a majority of the votes cast in uncontested elections at the annual meetings of stockholders. In an uncontested election, any incumbent director who fails to receive a majority of the votes cast is required to promptly submit an offer to resign from the Board. The Governance and Nominating Committee will recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject the director s offer to resign. The Board will act on the offer to resign within 90 days from the date of the certification of election results and publicly disclose its decision. The Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board have evaluated each of the director nominees against the factors and principles used to select director nominees. Based on this evaluation, they have concluded that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders for each of the proposed director nominees on pages 10 - 17 to continue to serve as a director of the Company. The current composition of our Board reflects a mix of tenures, which we believe balances historical and institutional knowledge, and an understanding of the evolution of our business with fresh perspectives from our newer directors Each of the director nominees for election at the 2025 Annual Meeting holds or has held senior executive positions in large, complex organizations, and many hold or have held the role of chief executive officer. This experience demonstrates their ability to perform at the highest levels, enabling them to provide sound judgment concerning the issues facing a large public corporation in today s environment, provide oversight and evaluate our performance In keeping with the Corporate Governance Principles, the Board takes a variety of personal backgrounds and perspectives into consideration in determining the Company's slate of nominees. This year, 38% of our nominees are women and 25% of our nominees are racially or ethnically diverse individuals Our Nominees have the Following Key Skills to Support their Oversight Responsibilities and Broadridge s Strategy Financial Services Technology Corporate Governance Risk Management Legal/ Regulatory/ Government The Board recommends that you vote FOR the election of each director nominee 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Information About the Nominees Robert N. Duelks Independent Director Since: 2009 Age: 70 Committee Membership: Governance and Nominating (Chair), Audit BACKGROUND: Former executive of Accenture plc, having served for 27 years in various capacities until his retirement in 2006 Responsible for local client service, regional operations, and management of global offerings Served on multiple leadership committees, including the Board of Partners, the Management Committee, and the Executive and Operating Committee for the Global Financial Services Operating Group Advisor to the senior executives of Tree Zero, a manufacturer of 100% tree free paper products, from 2010-2021 OTHER QUALIFICATIONS: NACD Directorship Certified Former Chairman and a current Emeritus Trustee of the board of trustees of Gettysburg College Served as a member of the advisory board for the Business School at Rutgers University SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES OR SKILLS: Independence Sales/Marketing Financial Services International Business Experience Technology Corporate Governance Financial Expertise/Literacy 10 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Melvin L. Flowers Independent Director Since: 2021 Age: 72 Committee Membership: Audit, Governance and Nominating Committee Pending re-election, Mr. Flowers will become Chair of the Audit Committee BACKGROUND: Held senior leadership roles at Microsoft Corporation from 2003-2020, including: Corporate Vice President of Internal Audit and Enterprise Risk Management overseeing the Internal Audit Department, Enterprise Risk Management team, and Financial Integrity Unit Senior Controller for the Mobile and Embedded Devices business, responsible for accounting, management reporting, and internal controls and compliance Chief Financial Officer of Novatel Wireless, a Nasdaq-listed Internet of Things solutions provider to the telematics market, from 1999-2003 Chief Financial Officer at several public and private companies throughout the 1990s OTHER QUALIFICATIONS: Currently a member of the board of directors of HSBC North America Holdings, Inc. and HSBC Bank USA, N.A. Member of the board of trustees of Seattle University, serves as Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES OR SKILLS: Independence International Business Experience Financial Services Corporate Governance Technology Risk Management Financial Expertise/Literacy Cybersecurity Sales/Marketing 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Timothy C. Gokey Management Director Since: 2019 Age: 64 Committee Membership: None BACKGROUND: Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Director of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. since 2019, and served in several other senior leadership positions of increasing responsibility, including: President from 2017-2020 Chief Operating Officer with responsibility for all business units, technology, and India operations from 2012-2019 Chief Corporate Development Officer from 2010-2012 H R Block, President of the Retail Tax business from 2004-2009 McKinsey Company, Partner from 1986-2004 Leader, North American Financial Institutions Marketing and Sales Practice from 2002-2004 Leader, North American CRM practice from 1997-2002 CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (since 2017) OTHER QUALIFICATIONS: Recognized as NACD Directorship 100 Governance Professional Member of the board of directors of the Partnership for New York City Serves on the board of advisors of the Northwell Health Cancer Institute Member of the board of trustees of USRowing Foundation Served on the Vestry of St. John s Episcopal Church, Cold Spring Harbor, New York SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES OR SKILLS: Other Public Company Board Experience International Business Experience Financial Services Corporate Governance Technology Risk Management Financial Expertise/Literacy Cybersecurity Sales/Marketing 12 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Brett A. Keller Independent Director Since: 2015 Age: 57 Committee Membership: Audit, Compensation BACKGROUND: Chief Executive Officer, priceline.com LLC, a leading provider of online travel services, and a subsidiary of Booking Holdings, Inc. (since 2026) Chief Operating Officer from 2015-2016 Chief Marketing Officer from 2002-2015, oversaw all global and strategic branding, marketing, distribution, product development, and customer led data initiatives VP and Director from 1999-2002 Director of online travel services, Cendant, a consumer services holding company, from 1997-1999 OTHER QUALIFICATIONS: Member of the National Advisory Council for the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University Member of the board of directors of Tech:NYC (since 2023) Member of the the executive board of US Travel Association (since 2025) SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES OR SKILLS: Independence Sales/Marketing Technology International Business Experience Financial Expertise/Literacy Cybersecurity 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Maura A. Markus Independent Director Since: 2013 Age: 67 Committee Membership: Compensation (Chair), Audit BACKGROUND: President and Chief Operating Officer and member of the board of directors of Bank of the West, from 2010-2014 Previously served in numerous senior leadership roles during her 22 years at Citigroup: Head of International Retail Banking in Citibank s Global Consumer Group President, Citibank North America, Chairman, Citibank West Director, Citibank s European Sales and Marketing Director, Brussels, Belgium President, Citibank s consumer business in Greece CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: Stifel Financial Corp. (since 2016) Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated (since 2024) OTHER QUALIFICATIONS: Trustee for the College of Mount Saint Vincent, New York Former member of Year Up Bay Area s Talent and Opportunity board Former member of The Financial Services Roundtable Former member of Catholic Charities of San Francisco and New York Former member of Junior Achievement New York Named one of American Banker s Most Powerful Women in Banking multiple times SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES OR SKILLS: Independence International Business Experience Other Public Company Board Experience Corporate Governance Financial Services Risk Management Financial Expertise/Literacy Cybersecurity Sales/Marketing 14 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Eileen K. Murray Lead Independent Director since 2024 Director Since: 2022 Age: 68 Pending re-election, Ms. Murray will become Chairperson of the Board BACKGROUND: Chair of the Board of Governors of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority from 2020-2022; Governor from 2016-2020 Co-Chief Executive Officer of Bridgewater Associates, LP from 2009-2020 Chief Executive Officer of Investment Risk Management LLC from 2008-2009 President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Duff Capital Advisors from 2007-2008 Served in several senior leadership roles at Morgan Stanley from 1984-2002 and 2005-2007, including Member of the Management Committee, Controller, Treasurer, Chief Accounting Officer, and Chief Operating Officer of the Institutional Securities Group Managing Director, member of management board, Credit Suisse, 2002-2005 Director, Business Council for International Understanding from 2013-2016 Director, The Depository Trust Clearing Corporation from 2001-2005 Advisor to many innovative technology and environmental solutions companies, including: Green Trust Partners, LLC, an ESG-focused real estate fund Consensys, a blockchain technology company CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: Guardian Life Insurance Company of America (since 2020) HSBC Holdings plc (since 2021) FORMER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: Compass, Inc. (2020-2022) OTHER QUALIFICATIONS: Director, Invisible Urban Charging, an electric car charging company (since 2024) Director of the Irish Arts Center (2016-2024) Partner, Crown Point Equity (since 2025) SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES OR SKILLS: Independence Corporate Governance Other Public Company Board Experience Legal/Regulatory/Government Financial Services Associations/Public Policy Technology Risk Management Financial Expertise/Literacy Cybersecurity International Business Experience 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Annette L. Nazareth Independent Director Since: 2021 Age: 69 Committee Membership: Audit and Compensation Pending re-election, Ms. Nazareth will become a member of the Governance and Nominating Committee and will no longer serve on the Compensation Committee BACKGROUND: Senior Counsel of Davis Polk Wardwell since 2021 Partner, Davis Polk, headed the Trading and Markets practice of the Financial Institutions Group from 2008-2021 Chair, Integrity Council for the Voluntary Carbon Market, having previously served as the Operating Lead of the predecessor effort, the Taskforce on Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets since 2021 Commissioner, Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) from 2005-2008 Director, SEC, Division of Market Regulation (now the Division of Trading and Markets) from 1999-2005 Senior Counsel and Interim Director, SEC, Division of Investment Management from 1998-1999 FORMER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: MoneyLion Inc. (2021-2025) Figure Acquisition Corp. I (2021-2022) Athena Technology Acquisition Corp. II (2021) OTHER QUALIFICATIONS: Serves on several not-for-profit boards, including Urban Institute (Vice Chair) and Watson Institute Board of Visitors of Columbia Law School Member of the board of trustees of the SEC Historical Society Member of the American Law Institute Former member of the board of trustees of Brown University (Chair, Audit Committee) SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES OR SKILLS: Independence International Business Experience Other Public Company Board Experience Corporate Governance Financial Services Legal/Regulatory/Government Financial Expertise/Literacy Associations/Public Policy 16 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Amit K. Zavery Independent Director Since: 2019 Age: 54 Committee Membership: Audit, Compensation BACKGROUND: President, Chief Product Officer, and Chief Operating Officer of ServiceNow, Inc. (since 2024) Vice President/General Manager and Head of Platform for Google Cloud at Google, LLC, 2019-2024 Previously served in numerous senior leadership roles during his 24 years at Oracle Corporation, where he led Oracle s product vision, design, development, operations, and go-to-market strategy for its cloud platform, middleware and analytics portfolio, and oversaw a global team of more than 4,500 engineers Executive Vice President and General Manager of Oracle Cloud Platform and Middleware products, 2018-2019 Senior Vice President, Oracle Cloud Platform and Middleware, 2017 Senior Vice President, General Manager, Integration Productions, Oracle Cloud Platform, 2014-2017 Group Vice President General Manager, Integration Products, Oracle Fusion, Middleware, 2012-2014 Vice President, Product Management and Strategy, Oracle Fusion Middleware, 2005-2012 Senior Director, Product Development and Operations, 2000-2005 Director, Product Management, E-Business Strategy Group, 1999-2000 SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES OR SKILLS: Independence Sales/Marketing Technology International Business Experience Financial Expertise/Literacy 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Director Nomination Process The Board s membership criteria and nomination procedures are set forth in our Corporate Governance Principles, which outline the minimum qualifications required for potential directors. This criteria is considered by the Board and the Governance and Nominating Committee, together with further knowledge, skills, experiences, or attributes deemed important to our business and the overall composition of the Board, which may change over time. The Board believes each director nominee possesses the experience, skills, and qualities needed to fully perform his or her duties as a director and to contribute to our success. IDENTIFYING AND EVALUATING CANDIDATES INTERVIEWING A QUALIFIED CANDIDATE RECOMMENDING THE CANDIDATE TO THE BOARD When seeking candidates as Board members, the Governance and Nominating Committee may solicit suggestions from incumbent directors, management or stockholders. From time to time, the Governance and Nominating Committee may retain a search firm to assist the Company with identifying and evaluating Board candidates who have the background, skills and experience that the Governance and Nominating Committee has identified as desired in director candidates. After conducting an initial evaluation of a potential candidate, the Governance and Nominating Committee will interview that candidate if it believes such candidate might be suitable to be a director. The candidate may also meet with other members of the Board. At the candidate s request, they may also meet with management. If the Governance and Nominating Committee believes a candidate would be a valuable addition to the Board, it will recommend that candidate s election to the full Board. The Governance and Nominating Committee will consider director candidates proposed by stockholders, provided that the stockholder recommendation complies with the provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated By-laws (the By-laws ) requiring that stockholder submissions be submitted to the Company s Corporate Secretary via mail at 5 Dakota Drive, Lake Success, New York 11042, or via email at CorporateSecretary@Broadridge.com , in a timely manner and include the information called for in the By-laws concerning (a) the potential nominee, and (b) the person proposing the nomination, among other requirements. The Governance and Nominating Committee will apply the same standards in considering nominations properly submitted by stockholders as it uses for any other potential nominee. The By-laws provide that under certain circumstances, a stockholder, or group of up to 50 stockholders, who have maintained continuous ownership of at least three percent of the Company s common stock ( Common Stock ) for at least three years may nominate and include in our annual meeting proxy statement a number of stockholder-nominated candidates representing no more than 25% of the number of directors then serving on the Board. The Corporate Governance Principles do not require a fixed number of directors but provide that the optimum size of the Board is eight to 12 directors. Directors are elected at each annual meeting to serve until the next annual meeting and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, subject to their earlier death, resignation, or removal. There are no limits on the number of terms a director may serve. However, our Corporate Governance Principles provide for a mandatory retirement age of 72, which becomes applicable after a director has reached their eight-year anniversary on the Board. 18 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Nominee Qualifications Under the Company s Corporate Governance Principles, two-thirds of the Board must be comprised of directors who are independent based on the applicable rules of the NYSE and the SEC. The NYSE s Listed Company Manual (the NYSE Listing Standards ) provides that the Board is required to affirmatively determine which directors are independent and to disclose such determination for each annual meeting of stockholders. No director will be deemed to be independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with the Company, either directly or as an officer, stockholder or partner of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. In its review of director independence, the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances, including without limitation, commercial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable, or other business relationships any director may have with the Company in conjunction with the Corporate Governance Principles and Section 303A of the NYSE Listing Standards. The Board reviewed each director s relationship with the Company and affirmatively determined that all of the directors, other than Mr. Gokey, are independent under applicable NYSE and SEC requirements. Mr. Gokey was determined to not be independent due to his position as our CEO. Factors and Principles The Board and Governance and Nominating Committee consider the following factors and principles in evaluating and selecting director nominees: Independence Applicable legal and regulatory requirements that govern the composition of the Board, including NYSE and SEC requirements with respect to independence, financial literacy, and other matters Relevant Experience The Board should include individuals with experience in areas relevant to the strategy and operations of the Company s businesses such as technology services, or industries that Broadridge serves such as banking and financial services High-Level Managerial Experience Directors should have established strong professional reputations and experience in positions with a high degree of responsibility or be leaders in the companies or institutions with which they are affiliated Character and Integrity Directors should be individuals with a reputation for integrity and with sufficient time available to devote to the affairs of the Company in order to carry out their responsibilities Diverse Background The Board seeks to have a diverse composition, which could include members with diverse backgrounds and perspectives Skills Complement Existing Board Expertise The interplay of a nominee s background and expertise with that of other Board members and the extent to which a candidate may make contributions to the Board or a Committee should be considered Board Nominee Information Matrix The following matrix provides information regarding our Board nominees, including certain types of knowledge, skills, experiences, and attributes possessed by our directors which our Board believes are relevant to our business and industry. While our Governance and Nominating Committee considers the knowledge, skills, experiences, and attributes listed below in the director nomination process, the matrix does not encompass all of the qualifications of our Board nominees, and the fact that a particular knowledge, skill, experience, or attribute is not listed does not mean that a Board nominee does not possess it. In addition, our Governance and Nominating Committee retains the right to modify the qualifications it considers in the Board nomination process from time to time as it deems appropriate. 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Knowledge, Skills, and Experience R. Duelks M. Flowers T. Gokey B. Keller M. Markus E. Murray A. Nazareth A. Zavery Independence Independent pursuant to the applicable rules Other Public Company Board Experience Experience with complex reporting responsibilities and understanding corporate governance trends and commonly faced issues of public companies Financial Services Experience with the financial services industry and related trends and practices, providing insight into our financial services clients Technology Experience with current and developing technologies, including those relevant to our business and the needs of our clients Financial Expertise/Literacy Experience in understanding, monitoring, and overseeing financial reporting and internal controls Cybersecurity Experience with overseeing information security programs or implementing related policies, procedures, and frameworks Sales/Marketing Experience with sales and marketing practices, including with respect to the markets for our services International Business Experience Experience operating in a global context by managing international enterprises, residence abroad, and understanding diverse business environments, economic conditions, and cultures Corporate Governance Experience with corporate governance practices and developments, including with respect to board and management accountability, transparency, and protection of stockholder interests Legal/Regulatory/Government Experience with legal, regulatory, and government processes, particularly for the financial services and other regulated industries Associations/Public Policy Trade association or public policy experience Risk Management Experience with risk management of large organizations, particularly technology firms and firms in financial services 20 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Highlights The Company believes good governance is integral to achieving long-term shareholder value. We are committed to governance policies and practices that serve the interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Board monitors developments in governance best practices to ensure that it continues to meet its commitment to thoughtful and independent representation of stockholder interests. The following table summarizes certain corporate governance practices: BOARD OF DIRECTORS Strong independent board leadership Majority independent directors 7 of the 8 director nominees are independent Annual election of directors by majority of votes cast in uncontested elections Directors required to offer to resign if they do not receive majority of votes cast in uncontested elections Robust stock ownership guidelines and holding period requirements Annual board and committee evaluation process Mandatory retirement age of 72 unless director has served for less than eight years Annual board compensation limits Audit Committee members cannot serve on more than three public company audit committees Directors cannot serve on more than four public company boards with further limitations on directors who also serve as public company CEOs Directors expected to attend the annual meeting of stockholders Board welcomes stockholder feedback and engagement STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS Proxy access By-law provision No poison pill Stockholders owning 20% of the voting power of outstanding shares of Common Stock have the right to call a special meeting Board Structure and Operations Board Meeting Attendance Our Corporate Governance Principles provide that the directors are expected to attend regular Board meetings, and to spend the time needed and meet as frequently as necessary to properly discharge their responsibilities. Each incumbent director attended 100% of the Board meetings and 99% of the meetings of Committees on which he or she served during 2025. In addition, our directors are expected to attend the Company s annual meeting of stockholders. All of our directors who were members of our Board at the time attended the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. 2025 Meetings Board 6 Audit 8 Compensation 6 Governance and Nominating 5 25 Total Board and Committee Meetings in 2025 100% Board Meeting attendance in 2025 99% Committee Meeting attendance in 2025 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Beyond the Boardroom Our Board is invested in the success of our business and their commitment extends beyond regularly scheduled Board and Committee meetings. DIRECTOR EDUCATION ON-SITE VISITS REGULAR DISCUSSIONS Directors are provided with and encouraged to participate in various external educational opportunities. In addition, we invite internal and external speakers to present to our Board on key topics, such as cybersecurity and regulatory compliance. Directors periodically visit our different locations, including our production facilities, to interact directly with associates and better understand our operations and culture. Directors meet regularly one-on-one with members of the executive team and senior management to ensure they stay informed and engaged with leadership. In addition, management presents to the Board on critical topics of interest, such as competition and client relationships. Board Leadership Structure Our Corporate Governance Principles do not specify a policy with respect to the separation of the positions of Chairperson and CEO or with respect to whether the Chairperson should be a member of management or a non-management director. The Board recognizes that there is no single, generally accepted approach to providing Board leadership, and given the dynamic and competitive environment in which we operate, the Board s leadership structure may vary as circumstances warrant. The Board determined that the leadership of the Board is currently best led by an independent Chairperson. The Chairperson provides overall leadership to the Board in its oversight function, while the CEO provides leadership with respect to the day-to-day management and operation of our business. We believe the separation of the offices allows the Chairperson to focus on managing Board matters and allows the CEO to focus on managing our business. To further enhance the objectivity of the Board, the directors, other than Mr. Gokey, are independent. Pending her re-election to the Board at the 2025 Annual Meeting, Ms. Murray will serve as our Chairperson. Ms. Murray is an independent director and as Chairperson of the Board will have the following duties and responsibilities: Calling Board and stockholder meetings Presiding at Board and stockholder meetings, including executive sessions of the independent directors Approving meeting schedules, agendas, and materials for the Board Having the authority to call meetings of the independent directors Acting as liaison between the independent directors and the CEO If requested by major stockholders, ensuring their availability for consultation and direct communication If the Board determines to combine the roles of Chairperson and CEO, or if an Executive Chairperson is otherwise appointed, the Board s policy is to appoint a Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director would assume the duties and responsibilities noted above and as set forth in our Corporate Governance Principles in the event the Chairperson is not independent or holds an executive position. Executive Sessions of Independent Directors The independent directors hold regularly scheduled executive sessions of the Board and its Committees without Company management present. These executive sessions are chaired by the Lead Independent Director at Board meetings or by the independent Committee Chairs at Committee meetings. The independent directors met in executive session at all of the regularly scheduled Board and Committee meetings held in 2025. In addition, at least once a year, our independent directors meet to review the Compensation Committee s annual performance review of the CEO. 22 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Committees of the Board The Board has three standing Committees, each of which is comprised solely of independent directors and is led by an independent Chair: Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Governance and Nominating Committee. Each Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which are reviewed and updated annually as appropriate. Audit Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 8 CURRENT MEMBERS: Pamela L. Carter (Chair) Brett A. Keller Annette L. Nazareth Robert N. Duelks Maura A. Markus Amit K. Zavery Melvin L. Flowers Financial Expert PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The Audit Committee s responsibilities and authorities include assisting the Board in overseeing the following: The Company s systems of internal controls regarding finance, accounting, legal, and regulatory compliance The Company s auditing, accounting, and financial reporting processes generally The integrity of the Company s financial statements and other financial information provided by the Company to its stockholders and the public The Company s practices to ensure adequate risk assessment, risk management, and business continuity The Company s information security program, including cybersecurity and data privacy risks and controls The Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements The performance of the Company s Internal Audit Department and independent registered public accountants In addition, in the performance of its oversight duties and responsibilities, the Audit Committee also reviews and discusses with management the Company s quarterly financial statements and earnings press releases as well as financial information and earnings guidance included therein; reviews periodic reports from management covering changes, if any, in accounting policies, procedures and disclosures; reviews management s assessment of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to ensure compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and reviews and discusses with the Company s internal auditors and with its independent registered public accountants the overall scope and plans of their respective audits. INDEPENDENCE AND AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERTS The Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee is independent as defined by NYSE Listing Standards and the rules of the SEC applicable to audit committee members. The Board has determined that Mr. Flowers, Ms. Markus, and Ms. Nazareth qualify as audit committee financial experts as defined in the applicable SEC rules, and that all Audit Committee members are financially literate. Under the Company s Corporate Governance Principles, Audit Committee members are prohibited from serving on more than three public company audit committees. 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 6 CURRENT MEMBERS : Maura A. Markus (Chair) Brett A. Keller Annette L. Nazareth Amit K. Zavery PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The Compensation Committee s responsibilities and authorities include: Reviewing the Company s compensation strategy Reviewing the Company s compensation disclosures in its annual Proxy Statement and Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC Reviewing corporate and individual goals relevant to the compensation of the CEO and other executive officers, and evaluating performance against those goals Reviewing the risks associated with the Company s compensation programs Approving the compensation of the CEO and other executive officers Reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding the director compensation program Reviewing the Company s human capital strategies, initiatives and programs with respect to the Company s culture, talent, recruitment, retention, and employee engagement In addition, the Compensation Committee administers the Company s equity-based compensation plans and takes such other action as may be appropriate or as directed by the Board to ensure that the compensation policies of the Company are reasonable and fair. As necessary, the Compensation Committee consults with Frederic W. Cook Co. Inc. ( FW Cook ) as its independent compensation consultant to advise on matters related to our executive officers and directors compensation and general compensation programs. INDEPENDENCE The Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is independent as defined by NYSE Listing Standards. In addition, each member of the Compensation Committee is independent for purposes of the applicable SEC and tax rules. 24 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Governance and Nominating Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 5 CURRENT MEMBERS : Robert N. Duelks (Chair) Pamela L. Carter Melvin L. Flowers PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The Governance and Nominating Committee s responsibilities and authorities include: Identifying individuals qualified to become Board members and recommending that the Board select a group of director nominees for each of the Company s annual meetings of stockholders Ensuring that the Audit, Compensation, and Governance and Nominating Committees have the benefit of qualified and experienced independent directors Developing and recommending to the Board a set of effective corporate governance policies and procedures applicable to the Company Reviewing and overseeing the Board and Committee performance evaluation process Advising management on the Company s sustainability strategy, policies, programs, and reporting Overseeing the Company s governance practices and ethics program INDEPENDENCE The Board has determined that each member of the Governance and Nominating Committee is independent as defined by NYSE Listing Standards. Annual Board and Committee Evaluation Process The Board conducts an evaluation of its performance and effectiveness as well as that of the three Committees on an annual basis. The purpose of the evaluation is to elicit feedback concerning how the Board and Committees are meeting their responsibilities and to identify opportunities to further improve performance. The Board has delegated to the Governance and Nominating Committee the responsibility to oversee the evaluation process and report the results thereof to the Board, using such resources or methods as it determines to be appropriate, such as the use of an independent, third-party facilitator. 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance The Board s Oversight Role The Board is responsible for overseeing the management of the Company, including a number of specific functions such as the development and execution of business and financial strategies and the effectiveness of Company policies and processes. In fulfilling this obligation, the Board considers the interests of the Company s stockholders and other stakeholders, including clients, employees, suppliers, and the communities in which the Company operates, all of whom are essential to the Company s success. The Board delegates oversight for certain areas to each Committee based on their relevance to the subject matter of the Committee. Risk Oversight The responsibilities of the Board include oversight of the Company s risk management processes. The Board has two primary methods of oversight. The first method is through the Company s Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) program through which the Board receives regular reports from management regarding the most significant risks facing the Company. The second is through the functioning of the Board s committees. Enterprise Risk Management Program The goal of the ERM program is to provide an ongoing procedure, effected at all levels of the Company across business units and corporate functions, to identify and assess risk, monitor risk, and agree on mitigating action. Central to Broadridge s risk management process is its Risk Committee, which oversees management s identification and assessment of the key risks in the Company and reviews the controls management has in place with respect to these risks. The Risk Committee is chaired by our Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) and is comprised of key members of management, including the President, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ), Chief Compliance Officer, and other senior executives of the Company. Management presents on the ERM program to the full Board annually and provides the Board with quarterly updates on the Company s risk management activities. In addition, at each quarterly Audit Committee meeting, management presents on the ERM program, highlighting a key risk topic, including compliance risks, client and strategy risks, business risks, and technology risks. 26 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Management established the ERM program to ensure a complete Company-wide approach to risk over five distinct but overlapping core areas: Cybersecurity The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of the Company s information security program, including cybersecurity and data privacy risks and controls. Our CISO provides reports on the Company s cybersecurity program to the Audit Committee, which is attended by all members of the Board, on a quarterly basis. In addition, our Internal Audit function regularly audits our technology and cybersecurity programs and reports to the Audit Committee on its findings. Compensation Program Risk Management, with the assistance of FW Cook, performed an annual assessment of our compensation objectives, philosophy, and forms of compensation and benefits for all Broadridge employees, including the executive officers, to determine whether the risks arising from such policies or practices are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. A report summarizing the results of this assessment was reviewed and discussed with the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee concluded that Broadridge s compensation program does not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The key design features in our compensation program that support this conclusion are: The compensation program s mix between fixed and variable compensation, annual and long-term compensation, and cash and equity compensation is designed to encourage strategies and actions that are in Broadridge s and its stockholders long-term best interests Equity awards with multi-year vesting periods provide for significant long-term wealth creation for executive officers when the Company provides meaningful total shareholder return over a sustained period The Compensation Committee reviews and approves executive officer objectives to ensure that goals are aligned with the Company s business plans, achieve the proper risk/reward balance, and do not encourage unnecessary or excessive risk taking Incentive-based and certain other compensation of the executive officers is subject to recovery under Broadridge s Clawback Policy ( Clawback Policy ) Broadridge maintains robust stock ownership guidelines and retention and holding period requirements Broadridge maintains a double-trigger Change in Control Severance Plan for Corporate Officers (the CIC Plan ) and an Officer Severance Plan (the Officer Severance Plan ) in order to retain executives while ensuring that they make the best decisions for the Company 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Strategy and Technology One of the Board s key responsibilities is overseeing the Company s strategy. Our directors keep informed about the Company s business and strategy in order to provide guidance to management in formulating and developing strategic plans and priorities. Our Board regularly discusses the key priorities of our Company and advises on the Company s long-term strategy. Annually, the Board conducts an extensive review of the Company s long-term strategic plan including its annual operating plan and acquisition performance At every regular Board meeting, the Board is provided with in-depth reviews of the Company s technology strategy and core businesses and related strategies and the Company s progress against its strategic goals in a rotation, such that each core business and related strategy is covered in detail annually. Throughout the year, the Audit Committee members receive presentations on the status of the Company s acquisitions Throughout the year, management provides information sessions to the Board on critical topics of interest, such as competition, client relationships, and artificial intelligence Our independent directors also hold regularly scheduled executive sessions without Company management present, at which strategy is discussed Human Capital Matters Broadridge is focused on developing an inclusive and respectful work environment that allows our associates to reach their full potential professionally. The success of Broadridge s associates is key to the Company s success, and the Board and Compensation Committee both work with management to provide oversight on a broad range of human capital management topics. Our human capital strategies are developed and managed by our Chief Human Resources Officer, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer, and are overseen by the Board and the Compensation Committee. The Board believes that succession planning and human capital management are vital to Broadridge s success. The Board is actively engaged and involved in executive officer talent management and provides input on important decisions in this area. The Board annually reviews the Company s leadership bench and succession planning and regularly meets with senior management. In addition, the Board receives regular updates on talent and other human capital matters. The Compensation Committee s oversight includes initiatives and programs that concern our compensation, benefits, culture, talent, recruitment, retention, and associate engagement. Regulatory and Government Affairs We believe it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to engage constructively and responsibly in the public policy and political process to advance and protect our long-term interests. Therefore, we may participate in the development of public policy that addresses issues affecting our industry, business, products, clients, associates, and communities. We do so in various ways, including educational outreach to elected officials on key public policy issues related to the Company s business, and facilitating voluntary political giving by eligible associates and directors through the Broadridge Financial Solutions Political Action Committee (the Broadridge PAC ). The Company s political activities and related spending reflects the interests of the Company and its stockholders, and not those of any individual director, officer or associate. The Board has adopted a Political Contributions Policy to help ensure that any political contributions and expenditures are done in a manner consistent with the Company s commitment to the highest standards of ethics and business integrity and to protect and enhance shareholder value. In addition, the Board has oversight responsibility over the Company s regulatory and government affairs and reviews Broadridge PAC spending, corporate expenditures to influence public policy, dues and other contributions to trade associations, and the Company s lobbying priorities and activities. Our Political Contributions Policy provides that no Company resources, including the use of Company premises, equipment or property, or Company funds, may be contributed to any federal, state or local political candidate, political committee (other than for the administrative or solicitation expenses of the Broadridge PAC, as permitted by law), political party, state ballot measure committee or to any other organization for the purpose of attempting to influence elections or ballot measures. Additionally, our Political Contributions Policy prohibits contributions to social welfare organizations formed under Section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and Code Section 527 political organizations not registered with the Federal Election Commission or any state campaign finance regulator. We invite you to visit our website to see our Political Contributions Policy and for certain disclosures regarding our political contributions and activities. Information contained on our website is not incorporated into or a part of this Proxy Statement. 28 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Stockholder Engagement and Director Communications Stockholder Engagement Our Board believes that regular communication with our stockholders is essential to our long-term success. Throughout the year, our CEO, CFO, and Investor Relations team regularly engage with our stockholders at industry and investment community conferences, investor road shows, and analyst meetings. Discussion topics included Broadridge s business model, growth strategy, financial and sales performance, Company leadership, industry positioning, capital allocation model, acquisition strategy, capital return plan, and product development. Corporate governance engagement with our investors is also an important focus at Broadridge. In 2025, as part of Broadridge s stewardship and engagement, we invited our largest investors to discuss any topics they desire. Our Chief Legal Officer, Corporate Secretary, and Investor Relations team participated in these engagement efforts. We believe these engagement efforts with our stockholders will allow us to better understand our stockholders priorities and perspectives and provide us with useful input concerning our corporate governance practices. In addition to engaging our institutional investors, we are committed to ensuring our retail investors have a forum to engage with our Company. In fiscal year 2025, Broadridge hosted a series of update calls for retail investors using our Virtual Shareholder Meeting platform. Content shared on those calls included recaps of recent performance and overviews of the Broadridge business model. Individual shareholders who registered through the platform were able to submit live questions which were answered by Company management during each call. 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Management regularly communicates with the full Board and the relevant Board Committees regarding our investors views. We have had success engaging with our stockholders to understand their questions or concerns, and we remain committed to these efforts on an ongoing basis. We welcome feedback from all current and prospective stockholders, who may contact our Investor Relations team by emailing broadridgeir@Broadridge.com . Communications with the Board of Directors All interested parties who wish to communicate with the Board or any of the non-management directors, may do so by writing to the Company s Corporate Secretary at Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., 5 Dakota Drive, Lake Success, New York 11042, or emailing CorporateSecretary@Broadridge.com , and specifying the intended recipient. All such communications, other than unsolicited commercial solicitations or communications, will be forwarded to the appropriate director for review. Any such unsolicited commercial solicitation or communication not forwarded to the appropriate director will be available to any non-management director who wishes to review it. The Governance and Nominating Committee, on behalf of the Board, will review communications it may receive concerning the Company s corporate governance processes and will make recommendations to the Board based on such communications. Sustainability We are committed to our people, communities, and the environment. We know that the stronger our commitments to sustainable practices are internally and in our communities, the more value we can bring to the marketplace. The Service-Profit Chain, which directly connects associate engagement, client satisfaction, and the creation of shareholder value, has always been the foundation of our success and our commitment to a sustainable approach. Associate Impact: We recognize our long-term success and ability to innovate are directly tied to how we engage and develop our associates and encourage them to bring their best selves to work. Broadridge supports eight associate-led networks where associates can find peer support and community, shape company policy and culture, receive mentorship from senior members, and develop their careers. While our Associate Networks each have a specific focus, membership is open to everyone at Broadridge. Corporate Citizenship: Giving back is woven into the fabric of our culture, empowering associates to make a meaningful impact in the communities where we live and work. Through the Broadridge Foundation, we put our core values into action to identify meaningful ways to engage with our communities, drive local impact, and effect lasting change. We offer paid time off for our associates to engage in volunteer-driven initiatives, whether in support of Broadridge partnerships or other organizations for which they feel passionate. Environmental: We are dedicated to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions and supporting education and awareness of sustainability initiatives throughout our company and communities. As part of our long-standing pledge to corporate sustainability and global environmental stewardship, Broadridge has committed to, and is developing a strategy to, reach net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by the year 2050. Our Sustainability Report and more information on our sustainability initiatives are available on our website at broadridge.com/about/sustainability . Information contained on our website is not incorporated into or a part of this Proxy Statement. 30 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Other Corporate Governance Policies, Practices, and Documents Corporate Governance Principles The Board adopted the Corporate Governance Principles to promote the effective functioning of the Board and its Committees, to promote the interests of stockholders, and to ensure a common set of expectations as to how the Board and its Committees, individual directors, and management should perform their functions. The Board reviews and approves the Corporate Governance Principles annually. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Business Conduct ) that applies to the Company s directors, executive officers, and associates, including the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and chief accounting officer. All Broadridge associates, including executive officers and directors, are required, on an annual basis, to acknowledge receipt of and compliance with the Code of Business Conduct. The Company will post on its website any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and any waiver of the Code of Business Conduct granted to any of its directors or executive officers to the extent required by applicable NYSE and SEC rules. Website Access to Corporate Governance Documents Copies of the charters of the Committees of the Board, Corporate Governance Principles, and Code of Business Conduct are available on our Investor Relations website at broadridge-ir.com/governance/governance-documents or by writing to the Company s Corporate Secretary at Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., 5 Dakota Drive, Lake Success, New York 11042, or emailing CorporateSecretary@Broadridge.com . Information contained on our website is not incorporated into or a part of this Proxy Statement. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions The Company maintains a written Related Party Transactions Policy. Under this policy, any transaction between the Company and a related person in which such related person has a direct or indirect material interest must be submitted to our Audit Committee for review, approval, or ratification. A related person means a director, executive officer, nominee for election as a director of the Company or beneficial holder of more than five percent of the Company s outstanding Common Stock, or any immediate family member of the foregoing, as well as any entity at which any such person is employed, is a partner or principal (or holds a similar position) or is a beneficial owner of 10% or greater of a direct or indirect equity interest. Our directors and executive officers must promptly inform our Chief Legal Officer of any plan to engage in a potential related party transaction. This policy requires our Audit Committee to be provided with full information concerning the proposed transaction, including the risks and benefits to the Company and the related person, any alternative means by which to obtain like products or services, and the terms of a similar transaction with an unaffiliated third party. In considering whether to approve any such transaction, the Audit Committee will consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including the nature of the interest of the related person in the transaction and the terms of the transaction. Specific types of transactions are pre-approved under the policy, such as, for example, transactions in which the related person s interest derives solely from his or her service as a director of another entity that is a party to the transaction. In fiscal year 2025, the Company did not engage in any related party transaction in which the amount involved exceeded $120,000. In addition, the Code of Business Conduct prohibits Company personnel, including members of the Board, from exploiting their positions or relationships with Broadridge for personal gain. The Code of Business Conduct provides that there shall be no waiver of any part of the Code of Business Conduct, except by a vote of the Board or a designated committee, which will ascertain whether a waiver is appropriate and ensure that the waiver is accompanied by appropriate controls designed to protect Broadridge. The Company will post on its website any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and any waiver of the Code of Business Conduct granted to any of its directors or executive officers to the extent required by applicable NYSE and SEC rules. 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation of Directors Fiscal Year 2025 Non-Management Director Compensation The compensation of our non-management directors is determined by the Compensation Committee upon review of recommendations from the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, FW Cook. For fiscal year 2025, the directors annual retainer was increased by $20,000, split equally between the cash retainer and equity retainer. The equity retainer is split evenly into deferred stock units ( DSU s ) and stock options. All of our directors are non-management directors, other than Mr. Gokey and Mr. Daly, who are our CEO and our Executive Chairman, respectively. The compensation paid to Mr. Gokey is reflected in the Summary Compensation table on page 59 of this Proxy Statement. Although Mr. Daly is one of our executive officers, he is not an NEO for fiscal year 2025 because he is not one of the three most highly compensated executive officers for the year. Mr. Gokey and Mr. Daly do not receive any additional compensation for their service on the Board. Non-Management Director Compensation Structure For fiscal year 2025, non-management directors received the following compensation for their service on our Board and Committees: (1) DSUs and stock options are granted annually in November and vest at grant. (2) All cash retainers are paid on a quarterly basis. (3) The Lead Independent Director additional retainer is comprised of $72,500 in cash and $67,500 in equity (split evenly between DSUs and stock options). Directors may participate in the Broadridge Director Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ) which allows them to defer their cash compensation into grants of DSUs that settle in shares of Common Stock. The number of DSUs awarded is determined by dividing the quarterly cash payment by the closing price of Common Stock on the day before cash payments are made. This election is made annually prior to the beginning of the calendar year in which the retainers and fees are earned and is irrevocable for the entire calendar year. Accounts are credited with dividend equivalents in the form of additional DSUs on a quarterly basis as dividends are declared by the Board. Participants DSUs convert to shares of Common Stock upon their departure from the Board either in a lump sum amount or in installments for up to five years, as previously elected by the director. Non-management directors received annual grants of stock options and DSUs under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (the 2018 Omnibus Plan ) approved by the Company s stockholders at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders. The number of shares comprising each director s equity awards is determined at the time of grant based on a 30-day average stock price prior to the distribution of meeting materials, and, for stock options, the binomial stock option valuation method. 32 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation of Directors All stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing price of Common Stock on the date of grant. All stock options granted to our non-management directors are fully vested upon grant and have a term of 10 years. Following separation from service on the Board, outstanding stock options held by directors expire at the earlier of the expiration of the option term and three years. All DSUs are granted at the same time as stock options, are fully vested upon grant, and will settle as shares of Common Stock upon the director s separation from service on the Board. DSUs are credited with dividend equivalents in the form of additional DSUs on a quarterly basis as dividends are declared by the Board. Stockholder-Approved Cap on Pay Our stockholders approved a cap on non-management director pay as part of the 2018 Omnibus Plan. The cap imposes an annual limit of $750,000 on cash fees paid and equity awards that may be granted to any non-management director during the fiscal year. Our current compensation program for non-management directors is below this limit. Stock Ownership Guidelines The stock ownership guidelines for the non-management directors provide that each non-management director is expected to accumulate an amount of Common Stock or DSUs equal in value to 10 times their annual cash retainer. Stock option awards and cash-settled phantom stock will not count as shares of Common Stock for purposes of this calculation. In addition, the guidelines provide that: A non-management director should retain at least 50% of the net profit shares realized after the exercise of stock options until the 10 times annual cash retainer ownership level is reached. Net profit shares are the shares remaining after the sale of shares to fund payment of the stock option exercise price, tax liability, and transaction costs owed due to exercise. After the ownership level is met, the non-management director must continue to hold at least 50% of future net profit shares for one year. Due to the holding requirement, there is no minimum time period in which the directors are required to achieve the stock ownership multiple. All of our non-management directors have met the stock ownership multiple, other than the two directors who have joined the Board since 2019 and are making progress toward meeting the multiple. Other Compensation Non-management directors may participate in the Broadridge Matching Gift Program (the Matching Gift Program ) up to a maximum Company contribution of $10,000 per calendar year. Effective July 2025, this amount was increased to $15,000 per calendar year. The non-management directors are also reimbursed for their reasonable expenses in connection with attending Board and Committee meetings and other Company events. Non-Management Director Compensation Table The table below sets forth the compensation paid to our non-management directors in fiscal year 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) Option Awards ($) (3) All Other Compensation ($) (4) Total ($) Leslie A. Brun (5) $ 86,250 $ 86,250 Pamela L. Carter $145,000 $104,222 $104,352 $10,000 $363,574 Robert N. Duelks $140,000 $104,222 $104,352 $10,000 $358,574 Melvin L. Flowers $125,000 $104,222 $104,352 $ 9,000 $342,574 Brett A. Keller $125,000 $104,222 $104,352 $10,000 $343,574 Maura A. Markus $140,000 $104,222 $104,352 $10,000 $358,574 Eileen K. Murray $160,625 $139,494 $139,608 $10,000 $449,727 Annette L. Nazareth $125,000 $104,222 $104,352 $10,000 $343,574 Amit K. Zavery $125,000 $104,222 $104,352 $ 9,900 $343,474 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation of Directors (1) Represents the amount of cash compensation payable for fiscal year 2025 Board and Committee service. Several directors deferred all or part of fiscal year 2025 cash compensation into grants of DSUs under the Deferred Compensation Plan: 545 DSUs (Mr. Keller); 611 DSUs (Ms. Markus); 697 DSUs (Ms. Murray); 545 DSUs (Ms. Nazareth); and 533 DSUs (Mr. Zavery). (2) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of the annual DSU awards granted during fiscal year 2025 (excluding DSUs granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan), computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ( FASB ASC Topic 718 ). See Note 16, Stock-Based Compensation to the consolidated financial statements included in our 2025 Form 10-K (the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements ) for the relevant assumptions used to determine the valuation of these awards. The total number of DSUs outstanding for each non-management director as of June 30, 2025 is as follows: 5,163 (Ms. Carter); 20,358 (Mr. Duelks); 2,173 (Mr. Flowers); 8,392 (Mr. Keller); 13,803 (Ms. Markus); 1,816 (Ms. Murray); 2,173 (Ms. Nazareth); and 3,487 (Mr. Zavery). These amounts include dividend-equivalent DSUs credited during fiscal year 2025 and exclude DSUs granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan. (3) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of option awards granted during fiscal year 2025 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. See Note 16, Stock-Based Compensation to the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for the relevant assumptions used to determine the valuation of these awards. The total number of stock options outstanding for each non-management director as of June 30, 2025, all of which are exercisable, is as follows: 14,763 (Ms. Carter); 17,564 (Mr. Duelks); 9,175 (Mr. Flowers); 26,424 (Mr. Keller); 26,424 (Ms. Markus); 7,438 (Ms. Murray); 5,510 (Ms. Nazareth); and 14,763 (Mr. Zavery). (4) Represents Company-paid contributions made to qualified tax-exempt organizations under the Matching Gift Program on behalf of the non-management directors. The Company matches 100% of all contributions made by its non-management directors to qualified tax-exempt organizations, up to a maximum Company contribution of $10,000 per calendar year. Amounts shown reflect total Company matching contributions in each fiscal year, and therefore may be greater than the calendar year maximum. (5) Mr. Brun retired from the Board following the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, held on November 14, 2024. 34 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Officers Name Age Position Timothy C. Gokey 64 CEO and Director Christopher J. Perry 63 President Richard J. Daly 72 Executive Chairman Thomas P. Carey 54 Corporate Vice President, Global Technology and Operations ( GTO ) Douglas R. DeSchutter 55 Corporate Vice President, Investor Communication Solutions ( ICS ) Ashima Ghei 45 Corporate Vice President, CFO Hope M. Jarkowski 50 Corporate Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Richard J. Stingi 61 Corporate Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer Timothy C. Gokey is our CEO and a member of our Board. Mr. Gokey s biographical information is set forth in Proposal 1 Election of Directors starting on page 9 of this Proxy Statement. Christopher J. Perry is our President. Mr. Perry served as our Corporate Senior Vice President, Global Sales, Marketing and Client Solutions since joining Broadridge in 2014 until he was appointed to his current role in 2020. Prior to joining Broadridge, Mr. Perry held numerous roles at Thomson Reuters and its predecessor, Thomson Financial. He was Global Managing Director of Risk for the Financial Risk division of Thomson Reuters. In this role, he was the general manager of a global segment and was responsible for overseeing Governance, Risk, Compliance, as well as Pricing and Reference services. From 2011 to 2013, he was President, Global Sales Account Management at the Financial Risk division of Thomson Reuters. From 2006 to 2010, he served as President, Americas for Thomson Reuters and its predecessor, Thomson Financial. Mr. Perry was elected to the board of directors of Verisk Analytics, Inc. in 2025. He also serves on the board of directors of the Financial Services Institute and previously served as a board member of The RepTrak Company from 2021 to 2024. He is an advisory director of British American Business, a membership organization that enables transatlantic commerce. He also serves on the boards of the Make-A-Wish Foundation of New Jersey, the United Way of New York City, and is the Vice Chair of the Community Food Bank of New Jersey. Mr. Perry also serves as the Treasurer and a member of the Board of Trustees of Lewis University. Richard J. Daly is the Executive Chairman of our Board and is our former CEO. He served as our CEO from 2007 to 2019 and has served as our Executive Chairman since 2019. From 2014 to 2017, he served as our President. Prior to the 2007 spin-off of Broadridge from Automatic Data Processing Inc. ( ADP ), Mr. Daly served as Group President of the Brokerage Services Group of ADP. He is a member of the Advisory Board of the NACD and a member of the Listed Company Advisory Board of the NYSE. He is recognized as an NACD Directorship 100 Governance Professional. He is a member of the Economic Club of New York and a member of the Advisory Board of the Ira M. Millstein Center for Global Markets and Corporate Ownership of Columbia Law School. Mr. Daly is a Director of the SIFMA Foundation, a financial literacy program that serves 600,000 students a year. He is also the founding Treasurer of the Make-A-Wish Foundation of Suffolk County, Inc. and now serves as an Honorary Director. Thomas P. Carey is our Corporate Vice President, GTO. He has held the position of President of our GTO business segment since October 2018 and is responsible for all aspects of that business. In 2024, his role was expanded to include oversight of our India operations, and in July 2025, he also took on responsibility for overseeing Enterprise Product Management for the Company. Previously, Mr. Carey led Broadridge s International business with responsibility for all lines of business in the EMEA and APAC regions from 2017 to 2018. Mr. Carey joined ADP in 1992 and has held various roles with increasing responsibility at ADP and Broadridge, including as head of technology for the international business of ADP s Brokerage Services Group from 2001 to 2004, and Chief Operating Officer of the international business of ADP s Brokerage Services Group from 2004 to 2008. From 2009 to 2017, Mr. Carey led the international business of Broadridge s GTO segment. Douglas R. DeSchutter is our Corporate Vice President, ICS. He was named President of the ICS business in July 2025 and is responsible for all aspects of that business. He previously served as Co-President of the ICS business from 2023 to 2025. Previously, he served as the Corporate Vice President, Bank Broker-Dealer, Customer Communications, and Digital Center of Excellence and was responsible for our Bank Broker-Dealer business, Customer Communications business, and overall digital strategy from 2022 to 2023. Mr. DeSchutter was responsible for our Customer Communications business from 2017 to 2022 and held various other roles in our ICS businesses from 2009. Mr. DeSchutter was our Chief Strategy and Business Development Officer, responsible for mergers and acquisitions and strategy, from 2007 to 2009. Prior to the spin-off of Broadridge from ADP in 2007, Mr. DeSchutter served in various capacities at ADP in corporate development and strategy. Prior to joining ADP in 2002, he was Vice President of Mergers Acquisitions at Lehman Brothers focusing on the technology sector. 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Officers Ashima Ghei is our CFO, having assumed this role in December 2024 after serving as our Interim CFO since July 1, 2024. Ms. Ghei previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of Broadridge s ICS business from January 2022 until July 2024. Prior to joining Broadridge, Ms. Ghei spent 18 years at American Express, where she held a range of increasingly senior roles in finance and business strategy, most recently serving as the Head of Merchant Pricing for the Americas from 2017 to 2021. Hope M. Jarkowski is our Corporate Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. She joined Broadridge in May 2024. Ms. Jarkowski oversees Broadridge s legal, compliance, regulatory, and government affairs functions. She serves as the primary legal advisor to senior management and the Board of Directors and helps lead Broadridge s internal policy efforts. Ms. Jarkowski joined Broadridge from the NYSE, where she most recently served as General Counsel from 2022 to April 2024, providing legal counsel and regulatory strategy across the NYSE s business segments. Prior to this, from 2020 to 2022, she served as Head of Equities for the NYSE with responsibility for strategy, product development, and relationship management. From 2016 to 2020, she served as co-head of Regulatory Affairs for NYSE s parent, Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. From 2022 to 2024, Ms. Jarkowski was on the Board of Directors of the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation. She is currently a member of the National Board of Directors for the Junior Achievement USA. Richard J. Stingi is our Corporate Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer. He was appointed our Chief Human Resources Officer in February 2021 after serving as Interim Chief Human Resources Officer from September 2020. He leads all functions related to global talent management practices, including associate engagement and retention, training and development, talent acquisition, total rewards, succession planning, and culture building. Prior to joining Broadridge in 2013 as the lead HR Business Partner for our GTO business and Corporate Functions, Mr. Stingi spent 22 years at Goldman Sachs as a Managing Director in their Human Capital Management Division. 36 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Stock Ownership Information Security Ownership of Executive Officers and Directors The following table shows the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (a) each of our directors, (b) each of our director nominees, (c) each NEO, and (d) by all directors, director nominees, and current executive officers as of July 31, 2025, as a group. Unless otherwise noted, the beneficial owners exercise sole voting and/or investment power over their shares. The address of each person named in the table below is c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., 5 Dakota Drive, Lake Success, New York 11042. Beneficial Owner Number of Shares (1)(2) Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned (3) Thomas P. Carey 51,363 * Pamela L. Carter 22,024 * Richard J. Daly (4) 148,254 * Robert N. Duelks (5) 68,810 * Melvin L. Flowers 11,356 * Ashima Ghei 6,619 * Timothy C. Gokey 701,213 * Hope M. Jarkowski 4,076 * Brett A. Keller 42,309 * Maura A. Markus 57,529 * Eileen K. Murray 10,969 * Annette L. Nazareth 13,898 * Christopher J. Perry 55,849 * Amit K. Zavery 22,495 * All directors, director nominees, and current executive officers as a group (16) 1,325,075 1.1% * Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent of the issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock as of July 31, 2025. (1) Amounts reflect vested stock options and stock options that will vest within 60 days of July 31, 2025. If shares are acquired, the director or executive officer would have sole discretion as to voting and investment. The shares beneficially owned include: (i) the following shares subject to such options granted to the following directors or executive officers: 45,286 (Mr. Carey), 14,763 (Ms. Carter), 12,064 (Mr. Daly), 17,564 (Mr. Duelks), 9,175 (Mr. Flowers), 2,662 (Ms. Ghei), 558,149 (Mr. Gokey), 4,075 (Ms. Jarkowski), 26,424 (Mr. Keller), 26,424 (Ms. Markus), 7,438 (Ms. Murray), 5,510 (Ms. Nazareth), 7,480 (Mr. Perry), and 14,763 (Mr. Zavery); and (ii) 838,315 shares subject to such options granted to all directors and executive officers as a group. (2) Amounts provided for each director, other than Mr. Gokey and Mr. Daly, include DSU awards which are fully vested upon grant, and will settle as shares of Common Stock upon the director s separation from service on the Board. The DSUs are credited with dividend equivalents in the form of additional DSUs on a quarterly basis as dividends are declared by the Board. (3) The percentage of shares beneficially owned is based upon 117,129,320 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of July 31, 2025. (4) Includes 15,000 shares of Common Stock held by The EED 2012 Trust, 15,000 shares of Common Stock held by The KLD 2012 Trust, and 2,700 shares of Common Stock held by the Daly Family Grandchildren s 2020 Trust, trusts formed for the benefit of Mr. Daly s children and grandchildren. Mr. Daly and his wife are co-trustees of these trusts. (5) Includes 4,960 shares indirectly owned by Mr. Duelks and his wife through BOMAR II LLC, 8,853 shares held by the Robert N. Duelks Revocable Trust dated January 11, 2007, and 17,000 shares held by the Mary E. Duelks Revocable Trust dated January 11, 2007. Ownership in BOMAR II LLC is held by various Grantor Retained Annuity Trusts in which Mr. Duelks and his wife act as trustees. 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Stock Ownership Information Five Percent Owners of Common Stock Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned (3) The Vanguard Group, Inc. (1) 13,950,662 11.91% BlackRock, Inc. (2) 9,754,088 8.33% (1) Based on information as of December 29, 2023 contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2024 by The Vanguard Group, Inc. ( Vanguard Group ). Vanguard Group has sole dispositive power with respect to 13,441,422 shares of Common Stock, shared voting power with respect to 161,266 shares of Common Stock, and shared dispositive power with respect to 509,240 shares of Common Stock. The address of Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355. (2) Based on information as of December 31, 2023 contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 25, 2024 by BlackRock, Inc. ( BlackRock ), BlackRock reported sole voting power with respect to 8,945,676 shares of Common Stock and sole dispositive power with respect to 9,754,088 shares of Common Stock. The address of BlackRock is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. (3) The percentage of shares beneficially owned is based upon 117,129,320 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of July 31, 2025. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires the Company s executive officers, directors and persons who own more than 10% of our Common Stock to file initial reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. To the Company s knowledge, with respect to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, all applicable filings were timely made, except a Form 4 report for each of our non-management directors in connection with the payment of the Company's regular quarterly dividend on the Common Stock underlying DSUs previously issued was late due to an administrative error. These reports were due on January 7, 2025 and were subsequently filed on January 10, 2025. 38 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers (the Say on Pay Vote) In recognition of the interest the Company s stockholders have in the Company s executive compensation policies and practices, and in accordance with the requirements of Section 14A of the Exchange Act, this proposal provides the Company s stockholders with an opportunity to cast an advisory vote on the compensation of the NEOs, as disclosed pursuant to the SEC s compensation disclosure rules in this Proxy Statement. As described in more detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 40 of this Proxy Statement, the Company has adopted an executive compensation program that reflects the Company s philosophy that executive compensation should be structured to align each executive s interests with the interests of our stockholders. The mix of compensation elements for the NEOs, and particularly the CEO, is more heavily weighted towards variable, performance-based compensation than for the balance of the Company s executive officers. This is intended to ensure that the executives who are most responsible for overall performance and changes in shareholder value are held most accountable for results. For fiscal year 2025, approximately 93% of the target TDC of our CEO, Mr. Gokey, and approximately 82% of the target TDC of our other NEOs (on average), is at risk and tied primarily to the growth and profitability of the Company. Broadridge demonstrated another year of strong growth in fiscal year 2025 with 7% Recurring revenue growth constant currency and 11% Adjusted EPS growth. In line with the Company s strong overall financial performance in fiscal year 2025, the annual cash incentive payments for the NEOs ranged from 95% to 98% of their targets. Based on these factors, the Compensation Committee concluded that fiscal year 2025 compensation was well aligned with our performance for the year and that the connection between pay and performance is strong. The stockholder vote on this proposal is not intended to address any specific element of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our NEOs. This vote is advisory and will not be binding on the Company. However, the Board and the Compensation Committee will review and consider the voting results when evaluating future compensation decisions relating to our NEOs. The Board recommends a vote FOR the approval of the compensation of our Named Executive Officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis This section of the Proxy Statement explains the design and operation of our executive compensation program with respect to the following NEOs listed in the Summary Compensation table on page 59 . Our Named Executive Officers TIMOTHY C. GOKEY CEO and Director ASHIMA GHEI Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer CHRISTOPHER J. PERRY President THOMAS P. CAREY Corporate Vice President, GTO HOPE M. JARKOWSKI Corporate Vice President, Chief Legal Officer CD A Roadmap Our Compensation Discussion and Analysis is presented as follows: Provides an overview of our executive compensation practices, programs, and processes, as well as our key principles. Page 41 Explains executive compensation decisions made for fiscal year 2025. Page 45 Discusses the roles of the Compensation Committee, their compensation consultant, and management, as well as peer group formation. Page 52 Discusses the Company s stock ownership and retention and holding periods, Clawback Policy, Insider Trading Policy, prohibition on hedging and pledging, severance plan, and the use of employment agreements and offer letters. Page 55 40 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Executive Summary Philosophy and Objectives of our Executive Compensation Program The philosophy underlying our executive compensation program is founded on three primary principles, which include: HIRE AND MOTIVATE TALENTED EXECUTIVES Compensation is market competitive to attract, engage, and retain executives who will help ensure our future success. Program is designed to motivate and inspire behavior that fosters a high-performance culture while maintaining a reasonable level of risk and adherence to the highest standards of corporate governance. PAY FOR PERFORMANCE Program provides a clear connection between compensation and performance. A significant portion of each executive s pay varies based on corporate, business unit, and individual performance. ALIGN COMPENSATION WITH STOCKHOLDER VALUE Interests of our executives are aligned with stockholders by heavily weighting compensation towards variable, performance-based incentives. We use a combination of short-term and long-term incentives to motivate our executives to meet performance goals in a manner that supports our long-term strategic objectives. A significant portion of our executives compensation opportunity is linked to the performance of our Common Stock. Elements of our Executive Compensation Program The overall objectives of our executive compensation programs are to attract and retain management who will create long-term shareholder value. We have a combination of pay elements and a majority of our NEOs target TDC is performance based, with the objective of balancing short- and long-term decision-making in support of our business strategy. Element Form Performance Measures and Key Terms Objective Base Salary Fixed cash Reviewed annually and adjusted when appropriate based on the executive s responsibility, performance, and market competitiveness Attract and retain executive talent Annual Cash Incentive Variable cash 70% Financial Goals Compensation Adjusted Fee-Based Revenue (10%) Compensation Adjusted Earnings Before Taxes ( EBT ) (30%) Closed Sales (20%) Client Onboarding (10%) 5% Client Satisfaction Goal 25% Strategic and Leadership Goals Reward annual performance based on key financial and operational measures that align with our business strategy Long-Term Equity Incentives 50% performance-based restricted stock units ( PRSUs ) 50% Stock Options Three-year performance and vesting period Compensation Adjusted EPS Goals Vest 25% per year, subject to continued employment Only have value if Company performance results in stock price appreciation Reward performance on achievement of long-term financial results Directly align the interest of management with those of stockholders 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation 2025 Compensation Highlights The Company has adopted an executive compensation program that reflects the Company s philosophy that executive compensation should be structured to align each executive s interests with the interests of our stockholders. Provided below are a few highlights of our performance and our executive compensation policies and practices. Balanced Incentive Metrics Supporting our Strategy The performance metrics utilized for the Company s annual cash incentive and long-term equity incentive compensation align with Broadridge s operating plan and the goal of creating shareholder value. For fiscal year 2025, these included: Annual Cash Incentive: Fee-Based Revenue is the foundation for the Company s future growth Adjusted EBT is a key measure of annual corporate performance Closed Sales is an important measure for expected future revenue, which drives the Company s growth Client Onboarding was added in fiscal year 2025 to further drive timely revenue realization. The percentage attributable to Fee-Based Revenue and Adjusted EBT were both lowered, as those goals are highly correlated to successful onboarding of clients Client Satisfaction emphasizes the importance of client retention to the achievement of Broadridge s financial goals Strategic and Leadership goals reinforce the importance of the Company s non-financial strategic objectives, including human capital matters For fiscal year 2026, the Compensation Committee approved adding associate engagement as an additional component of the Strategic and Leadership goals portion of our annual cash incentive to emphasize the importance of engaged associates in driving the Company s performance Long-Term Equity Incentive: Adjusted EPS is a primary measure of long-term corporate profitability and is intended to provide alignment with stockholders interests and hold executives accountable for the long-term performance of the Company For fiscal year 2026, the Compensation Committee approved adding organic Recurring revenue growth as an additional performance measure for our PRSUs. This change was made to better align our program with prevalent market practices and be responsive to feedback provided by some investors as part of our engagement process Compensation Aligned with Performance We believe that aligning our executives incentives with Broadridge s strategic goals is critical to attain long-term strategic success Annual cash incentive payments to the NEOs for fiscal year 2025 ranged from 95% to 98% of their targets Our NEOs actual TDC for fiscal year 2025 reflects the Company s strong overall financial performance In fiscal year 2024, Broadridge transitioned from a two-year performance period to a three-year performance period for our PRSUs. This change was made to better align our program with prevalent market practices and be responsive to feedback provided by investors as part of our investor engagement process. As a result of this transition, no PRSUs were earned in fiscal year 2025. Robust Clawback Policy In fiscal year 2025, Broadridge expanded its Clawback Policy to include additional compensation elements, including time-vested equity awards, discretionary bonuses, and severance payments, as recoupable in the event of either an accounting restatement that the Board determines is the result of a person s intentional acts or omissions, or engagement in certain activities, such as intentional misconduct, fraud, and failure to appropriately supervise, that causes financial or reputational damage. Risk Mitigation and Corporate Governance Policies and Practices Broadridge has certain policies in place to minimize excessive risk taking such as our Clawback Policy and a policy that prohibits the hedging or pledging of the Company s securities. In addition, in consultation with FW Cook, the Compensation Committee reviewed the compensation programs for all Broadridge employees and concluded that these programs do not create risks that would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Consistent Say on Pay Support At the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, stockholders continued their strong support of our executive compensation program with approximately 89.2% of the votes cast in favor of the proposal. Based on the results, the Compensation Committee believes that the Company s current executive compensation program is aligned with the interests of the Company s stockholders. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee decided to retain the core elements and pay for performance design of our executive compensation program for fiscal year 2025. 42 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Select Performance Highlights Fiscal year 2025 was another year of strong financial results for Broadridge. Our compensation metrics and performance for fiscal year 2025 are highlighted below. Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts (1) The adjusted measures presented in this section are Non-GAAP measures. For information on the Company s use of Non-GAAP financial measures, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 89 of this Proxy Statement. (2) Our performance-based compensation metrics include Non-GAAP financial measures that are further adjusted as set forth in the 2018 Omnibus Plan. We refer to these measures as Compensation Adjusted measures. For information on the Company s use of these metrics, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures Explanation of Compensation Adjusted Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 90 of this Proxy Statement. (3) Closed sales is one of our key performance indicators because it is a useful metric for investors in understanding how management measures and evaluates our ongoing operational performance. For the definition of Closed sales, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures Explanation of Compensation Adjusted Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 90 of this Proxy Statement. 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Compensation Governance Best Practices Our target TDC aligns with our performance-based compensation philosophy, and is designed to incentivize our CEO and other NEOs for short-term and long-term objectives that align with shareholder value creation. The Company has the following policies and practices in place to minimize excessive risk taking and meet best practices in compensation governance. What We Do What We Don t Do Competitive Compensation Design Design compensation programs that do not encourage excessive risk taking Engage an independent compensation consultant for the Compensation Committee that does no other work for the Company Require minimum vesting periods for awards granted to associates, subject to limited exceptions Provide tax gross-ups in the event of a change in control Pay dividends or dividend equivalents as a part of our long-term incentive program before vesting of the underlying shares occurs Provide excessive perquisites for our executive officers or directors Permit stock option repricing without stockholder approval or grants of discount stock options Pay for Performance Require a majority of NEO target compensation be performance based Provide stockholders an annual Say on Pay Vote Compensation Policies Maintain a robust Clawback Policy Maintain a severance policy that provides for change in control cash payments and equity vesting, only on a double-trigger basis Prohibit hedging or pledging of the Company s securities by our executive officers, directors, and employees Maintain robust stock ownership guidelines for executive officers, including a rigorous 6x base salary requirement for the CEO Have stock retention and holding period requirements Require executives to agree to be bound by a restrictive covenant agreement containing non-competition, non-solicitation, and confidentiality provisions No liberal recycling of shares No single-trigger vesting on a change in control 44 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation 2025 Compensation Design and Determination The overall objectives of our executive compensation programs are to attract and retain management who will create long-term shareholder value. Our goal is to position total target compensation at the median of the external market for the NEOs. On an individual basis, target compensation for each NEO may be set above or below median based on a variety of factors, including time in position, sustained performance over time, readiness for promotion, and skill set and experience relative to external market counterparts. We have a combination of pay elements and a majority of our NEOs target TDC is performance based, with the objective of balancing short- and long-term decision-making in support of our business strategy. The following graphics illustrate the predominance of variable and performance-based compensation in our NEO compensation. Details on each component are described in this section. Executive Total Target Compensation Mix (1) Other NEOs target TDC is an average of the annualized total compensation of Ms. Ghei, Mr. Perry, Mr. Carey, and Ms. Jarkowski. Base Salary The Compensation Committee reviews the base salaries of the NEOs in the first quarter of the Company s fiscal year. For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee determined the following adjustments to the NEOs base salaries based on their performance and market competitiveness of each executive officer s base salary. Name Fiscal Year 2024 Base Salary Change Fiscal Year 2025 Base Salary Timothy C. Gokey $1,060,000 1.9% $1,080,000 Ashima Ghei (1) $ 458,790 30.8% $600,000 Christopher J. Perry $ 735,000 4.0% $764,400 Thomas P. Carey (2) $ 630,088 4.0% $655,292 Hope M. Jarkowski $ 580,000 0% $580,000 (1) Ms. Ghei received an increase in September 2024 in connection with her appointment as Interim Chief Financial Officer and an additional increase in December 2024 when she was appointed Chief Financial Officer. (2) Mr. Carey s base salary was paid in GBP and converted to USD based on the exchange rate of 1 GBP = 1.37172 USD as of June 30, 2025 for purposes of this disclosure. 2025 Proxy Statement Broadridge 45 TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Incentive Compensation Broadridge provides both annual and long-term performance-based compensation to all executive officers, including the NEOs. The 2018 Omnibus Plan provides the structure for incentive compensation, including annual cash and equity awards for our NEOs and all other eligible associates. The Officer Bonus Plan provides the framework for the calculation and payment of annual performance-based cash incentives to our NEOs and other executive officers. The following discussion contains information regarding certain performance measures and goals. These measures and goals are disclosed in the limited context of our executive compensation program and are defined in Non-GAAP Financial Measures Explanation of Compensation Adjusted Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 90 of this Proxy Statement. Investors should not apply these measures and goals to other contexts. Annual Cash Incentive Compensation For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee determined that the performance measures of the annual cash incentive awards for the NEOs would be calculated as follows: FINANCIAL GOALS The Compensation Committee considers the achievement of financial goals to be the most relevant measure of the Company s overall business performance for the year; therefore, the financial goals are the most heavily weighted factor. CORPORATE FINANCIAL GOALS The corporate financial goals used to score the annual cash incentives of the NEOs are set forth below. Compensation Adjusted Fee-Based Revenue (1) Increasing the Company s fee-based revenues is a foundation for future growth. Compensation Adjusted EBT (1) Key measure of annual corporate performance, alignment with stockholder interests. 46 Broadridge 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Closed Sales (1) Lead to expected future revenue, driving the Company s growth. (1) Dollars are presented in millions and amounts are rounded. For information on how these metrics are calculated, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures Explanation of Compensation Adjusted Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 90 of this Proxy Statement. (2) For Mr. Carey, the weighting is half of what is indicated on the table above with the other half composed of business segment performance described below. Client Onboarding was added as a component of the corporate financial goals for fiscal year 2025 to further drive timely revenue realization. Time from client engagement to revenue realization is a key driver for Broadridge's success. This component comprises 10% of the total annual cash incentive and is defined as the recurring revenue realized in fiscal year 2025 from sales closed in the current and prior fiscal years, that started converting into revenue in fiscal year 2025. The fiscal year 2025 Client Onboarding target was designed to be ambitious and was set significantly above our actual annual onboarding performance recorded since we began tracking this metric in fiscal year 2023. Our achievement of this goal in fiscal year 2025 was 82% of our target; however, for compensation purposes, achievement was 69.7% due to the method of calculating achievement which takes into account a performance range and the slope of the achievement line between the threshold, target, and maximum goals within the performance range. The Compensation Committee determined that the financial goals above are aligned with the Company s long-term growth and profitability objectives. The Compensation Committee established threshold, target, and maximum performance levels for each financial goal. Each level represents a different performance expectation considering factors such as the Company s prior year performance and the Company s operating plan growth goals. BUSINESS SEGMENT FINANCIAL GOALS In addition to the corpo