=== IBKR_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A, including appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money laundering, cybersecurity and data privacy, record-keeping, sales and trading practices, and employee misconduct. Adverse developments could impair our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The impa ct of a public health emergency may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The response of governments and societies to a public health emergency, which could include temporary closures of certain businesses; social distancing; travel restrictions, “shelter in place” and other governmental regulations; and reduced consumer spending due to job losses, may significantly impact volatility in the financial, commodities and energy markets, and general economic conditions. These measures may negatively impact businesses, market participants, our counterparties and customers, and the global economy and could continue for a prolonged period of time. Our net interest income and profitability could be negatively affected by lower benchmark interest rates caused by central banks lowering target benchmark rates in an attempt to buffer their economies from a public health emergency. As a result of our hybrid work model, which we adopted for our offices globally, any disruption to our information technology systems, including from cyber incidents, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have taken measures to maintain the health and safety of our employees, but widespread illness could negatively affect staffing levels within certain functions or locations. In addition, our ability to recruit, hire and onboard employees could be negatively impacted by a public health emergency. The impact of a public health emergency on our future financial results could be significant but currently cannot be quantified, as it would depend on numerous evolving factors that cannot be accurately predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the public health emergency; its impact on our customers, employees and vendors; governmental regulations in response to the public health emergency; and the overall impact of the public health emergency on the economy and society, among other factors. Any of these events, alone or in combination with others, could exacerbate many of the risk factors discussed or incorporated by reference herein and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our future success will depend on our response to the demand for new services, products and technologies. The demand for our services that rely on electronic communications gateways, is characterized by: • rapid technological change; • changing customer demands; • the need to enhance existing services and products or introduce new services and products; and • evolving industry standards. New services, products and technologies may render our existing services, products and technologies less competitive. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to the demand for new services, products and technologies on a timely and cost-effective basis and to adapt to technological advancements and changing standards to address the increasingly sophisticated requirements and varied needs of our customers and prospective customers. We cannot guarantee that we will always be successful in developing, introducing or marketing new services, products and technologies. In addition, we may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction or marketing of these services and products, and our new service and product enhancements may not achieve market acceptance. Any failure on our part to anticipate or respond adequately to technological advancements, customer requirements or changing industry standards, or any significant delays in the development, introduction or availability of new services, products or enhancements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The loss of our key employees would materially adversely affect our business. Our key executives have substantial experience and have made significant contributions to our business, and our continued success is dependent upon the retention of our key management executives, as well as the services provided by our staff of trading system, technology and programming specialists and a number of other key managerial, marketing, planning, financial, technical and operations personnel. The loss of such key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. Growth in our business is dependent, to a large degree, on our ability to retain and attract such employees. We ma y not always pay dividends on our common stock. As a holding company for our interest in IBG LLC, we will be dependent upon the ability of IBG LLC to generate earnings and cash flows and distribute them to us so that we may pay any dividends to our stockholders. To the extent (if any) that we have excess cash, any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and 23 Table of Contents will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial conditions, cash requirement, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Since the second quarter of 2011, we have declared and paid a quarterly cash dividend. Although not required, we currently intend to pay quarterly dividends of $0.08 per share to our common stockholders for the foreseeable future. For more information regarding the history of our quarterly dividends see Note 4 - “Equity and Earnings per Share” to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our direct market access clearing and non-clearing brokerage operations face intense competition. With respect to our direct market access brokerage business, the market for electronic and interactive bidding, offering and trading services in connection with equities, options and futures is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. We expect competition to continue and intensify in the future. Our current and potential future competition principally comes from five categories of competitors: • prime brokers who, in an effort to satisfy the demands of their customers for hands - on electronic trading facilities, universal access to markets, smart routing, better trading tools, and lower commissions and financing rates, have embarked upon building such facilities and product and service enhancements; • direct market access and online equity brokers, and online options and futures firms; • zero commission brokers, while technically not offering direct market access, who use simplified interfaces and a limited product offering to attract new market participants; • software development firms and vendors who create global trading networks and analytical tools and make them available to brokers; and • traditional brokers. In addition, we compete with financial institutions, mutual fund sponsors and other organizations, many of which provide online, direct market access or other investing services. A number of brokers provide our technology and execution services to their customers, and these brokers can become our competitors if they develop their own technology. Some of our competitors in this area have greater name recognition, longer operating histories and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have and offer a wider range of services and financial products than we do. Some of our competitors may also have an ability to charge lower or zero commissions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete effectively or efficiently with current or future competitors. These increasing levels of competition in the online trading industry could significantly harm this aspect of our business. We are subject to potential losses as a result of our clearing and execution activities. As a clearing member firm providing financing services to certain of our brokerage customers, we are ultimately responsible for their financial performance in connection with various securities and derivatives transactions. Our clearing operations require a commitment of our capital and, despite safeguards implemented by our software, involve risks of losses due to the potential failure of our customers to perform their obligations under these transactions. If our customers default on their obligations, we remain financially liable for such obligations, and although these obligations are collateralized, we are subject to market risk in the liquidation of customer collateral to satisfy those obligations. There can be no assurance that our risk management procedures will be adequate. Any liability arising from clearing operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a clearing member firm of securities and derivatives clearing houses in the U.S. and abroad, we are also exposed to clearing member credit risk. Securities and derivatives clearing houses require member firms to deposit cash, stock and/or government securities for margin requirements and to clearing funds. If a clearing member defaults in its obligations to the clearing house in an amount larger than its own margin and clearing fund deposits, the shortfall is absorbed pro rata from the deposits of the other clearing members. Many clearing houses of which we are members also have the authority to assess their members for additional funds if the clearing fund is depleted. A large clearing member default could result in a substantial cost to us if we are required to pay such assessments. 24 Table of Contents We are exposed to risks associated with our international operations. During 2025, approximately 30% of our net revenues were generated by our operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. We are exposed to risks and uncertainties inherent in doing business in international markets, particularly in the heavily regulated brokerage industry. Such risks and uncertainties include political, economic and financial instability; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, tariffs and other trade barriers; exchange rate fluctuations; applicable currency controls; and difficulties in staffing, including reliance on newly hired local experts, and managing foreign operations. These risks could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to counterparty risk whereby defaults by parties with whom we do business can have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to the risk of loss if a customer, counterparty or issuer fails to perform its obligations under contractual terms. Our counterparty risk is primarily from margin loans extended to customers, securities purchased under agreements to resell (“repos”), securities borrowing and lending arrangements, cash and/or collateral deposited with clearing houses, exchanges, banks, securities firms and other financial counterparties, all of which may result in credit exposure in the event the counterparty defaults on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. Our customer margin credit exposure is to a great extent mitigated by our policy of automatically evaluating each account throughout the trading day and closing out positions automatically for accounts that are found to be under-margined. While this methodology is effective in most situations, it may not be effective in situations in which no liquid market exists for the relevant securities or commodities or in which, for any reason, automatic liquidation for certain accounts has been disabled. If no liquid market exists or automatic liquidation has been disabled, we are subject to risks inherent in extending credit, especially during periods of rapidly declining markets. Any loss or expense incurred due to defaults by our customers in failing to repay margin loans or to maintain adequate collateral for these loans would cause harm to our business, financial condition and results of operations. Repos are collateralized by securities with a market value in excess of the obligation under the contract and are cleared and marked to market through a central clearing counterparty. Securities lending agreements are collateralized by deposits of cash or securities. We attempt to minimize credit risk associated with these activities by monitoring collateral values daily and requiring additional collateral to be deposited with or returned to us as permitted under contractual provisions. Similarly, over-the-counter transactions, such as contracts for differences (“CFDs”), are marked to market daily and are conducted with counterparties that have undergone a thorough credit review. Any loss or expense incurred due to defaults by our counterparties in failing to fulfill their contractual obligations would cause harm to our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, as a clearing member of several central clearing houses, we participate in the mutualization of risk and could incur financial losses in the event of default by other clearing members. Although we regularly review our credit exposures, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee. Any futu re acquisitions may result in significant transaction expenses, integration and consolidation risks and risks associated with entering new markets, and we may be unable to profitably operate our consolidated company. Although our growth strategy has not focused historically on acquisitions, we may in the future engage in evaluations of potential acquisitions and new businesses. We may not have the financial resources necessary to consummate any acquisitions in the future or the ability to obtain the necessary funds on satisfactory terms. Any future acquisitions may result in significant transaction expenses and risks associated with entering new markets in addition to integration and consolidation risks. Because acquisitions historically have not been a core part of our growth strategy, we have little experience in successfully utilizing acquisitions. We may not have sufficient management, financial and other resources to integrate any such future acquisitions or to successfully operate new businesses and we may be unable to profitably operate our expanded company. Becaus e our revenues and profitability depend on trading volume and interest rate levels, they are prone to significant fluctuations and are difficult to predict. Our revenues are dependent on the level of trading activity on securities and derivatives exchanges in the U.S. and abroad and on the general level of interest rates. In the past, our revenues and operating results have varied significantly from period to period primarily due to movements and trends in the underlying markets and to fluctuations in trading and interest rate levels. As a result, period to period comparisons of our revenues and operating results may not be meaningful, and future revenues and profitability may be subject to significant fluctuations or declines. 25 Table of Contents We ma y incur material trading losses from our market making activities. A portion of our revenues and operating profits is derived from our trading as principal in our role as a market maker. We may incur trading losses relating to these activities since each primarily involves the purchase or sale of securities for our own account. In any period, we may incur trading losses in a significant number of securities for a variety of reasons including: • price changes in securities; • lack of liquidity in securities in which we have positions; and • the required performance of our market making obligations. These risks may limit or restrict our ability to either resell securities we purchased or to repurchase securities we sold. In addition, we may experience difficulty borrowing securities to make delivery to purchasers to whom we sold short, or lenders from whom we have borrowed. From time to time, we may have large position concentrations in securities of a single issuer or issuers engaged in a specific industry or traded in a particular market. Such a concentration could result in higher trading losses than would occur if our positions and activities were less concentrated. In our role as a market maker, we attempt to derive a profit from the difference between the prices at which we buy and sell, or sell and buy, securities. However, competitive forces often require us to match the quotes other market makers display and to hold varying amounts of securities in inventory. By having to maintain inventory positions, we are subjected to a high degree of risk. We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage such risk successfully or that we will not experience significant losses from such activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Reduc ed spreads in securities pricing, levels of trading activity and trading through market makers could harm our business. Computer-generated buy/sell programs and other technological advances and regulatory changes in the marketplace may continue to tighten spreads on securities transactions. Tighter spreads and increased competition could make our remaining market making activities less profitable. We may i ncur losses in our market making activities in the event of failures of our proprietary pricing model. Our market making activities are substantially dependent on the accuracy of our proprietary pricing mathematical model, which continuously evaluates and monitors the risks inherent in our portfolio, assimilates market data and reevaluates our outstanding quotes many times per second. Our model is designed to automatically rebalance our positions throughout the trading day to manage risk exposures on our positions in options, futures and the underlying securities. In the event of a flaw in our pricing model and/or a failure in the related software, our pricing model may lead to unexpected and/or unprofitable trades, which may result in material trading losses. The valua tion of the financial instruments we hold may result in large and occasionally anomalous swings in the value of our positions and in our earnings in any period. The market prices of our long and short positions are reflected on our books at closing prices which are typically the last trade price before the official close of the primary exchange on which each such security trades. If prices of derivatives and their underlying securities close out of alignment, there may be large and occasionally anomalous swings in the value of our positions daily and, accordingly, in our earnings in any period. This is especially true on the last business day of each calendar quarter. We are exposed to losses due to lack of perfect information. As market makers, we provide liquidity by buying from sellers and selling to buyers. Quite often, we trade with others who have different information than we do, and as a result, we may accumulate unfavorable positions preceding large price movements in companies. Should the frequency or magnitude of these events increase, our losses will likely increase correspondingly. Rules go verning designated market makers may require us to make unprofitable trades or prevent us from making profitable trades. Designated market makers are granted certain rights and have certain obligations to “make a market” in a particular security. They agree to specific obligations to maintain a fair and orderly market. In acting as a designated market maker, we are subjected to a high degree of risk by having to support an orderly market. In this role, we may at times be required to make trades that adversely affect our profitability. In addition, we may at times be unable to trade for our own account in circumstances in which it may be to our advantage to trade, and we may be obligated to act as a principal when buyers or sellers outnumber each other. In those instances, we may take a position counter to the market, buying or selling securities to support an orderly market. Additionally, the rules of the markets which govern our activities as a designated market maker are subject to change. If these rules are made more stringent, our trading revenues and profits as a designated market maker could be adversely affected. 26 Table of Contents Our ri sk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risks. We seek to manage, monitor and control our market, credit, operational, liquidity, and legal and regulatory compliance risks through risk management policies developed and implemented by our Steering Committee, which is chaired by our Chief Executive Officer and comprised of senior executives of our various operating subsidiaries. However, there can be no assurance that our procedures will be adequate. Historically, market conditions have included unprecedented market events which highlighted the limitations inherent in using historical data to manage risk. While we employ a broad and diversified set of risk management tools, they cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes, as a result a failure in our risk management policies and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Item 1. Business - Risk Management Activities" for more information. Risks Related to Laws, Regulations and Litigation Our f uture efforts to sell shares or raise additional capital may be delayed or prohibited by regulations. As certain of our subsidiaries are members of FINRA, we are subject to certain regulations regarding changes in control of our ownership. FINRA Rule 1017 generally provides that FINRA approval must be obtained in connection with any transaction resulting in a change in control of a member firm. FINRA defines control as ownership of 25% or more of the firm’s equity by a single entity or person and would include a change in control of a parent company. Interactive Brokers Canada, Inc., Interactive Brokers (U.K.) Limited, Interactive Brokers Ireland Limited, IBKR Financial Services AG, Interactive Brokers Hong Kong Limited, and Interactive Brokers Singapore Pte. Ltd. are subject to similar change in control regulations promulgated by the CIRO in Canada, the FCA in the United Kingdom, the CBI in Ireland, the FINMA in Switzerland, the SFC in Hong Kong, and the MAS in Singapore, respectively. As a result of these regulations, our future efforts to sell shares or raise additional capital may be delayed or prohibited. We may be subject to similar restrictions in other jurisdictions in which we operate. Reg ulatory and legal uncertainties could harm our business. The securities and derivatives businesses are heavily regulated. Firms in financial service industries have been subject to an increasingly regulated environment over recent years, and penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased accordingly. Our broker-dealer and certain other subsidiaries are subject to regulations in the U.S. and abroad covering all aspects of their business. Regulatory bodies include, in the U.S., the SEC, FINRA, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, the CME, the CFTC, and the NFA; in Canada, the CIRO and various Canadian securities commissions; in the United Kingdom, the FCA; in Ireland, the CBI; in Switzerland, the FINMA; in India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India; in Hong Kong, the SFC; in Japan, the Financial Supervisory Agency and the Japan Securities Dealers Association; in Singapore, the MAS; and in Australia, the Australian Securities and Investment Commission. Our mode of operation and profitability may be directly affected by additional legislation changes in rules promulgated by various domestic and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations that oversee our businesses, and changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, including the potential imposition of transaction taxes. Noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations could result in sanctions being levied against us, including fines and censures, suspension or expulsion from a certain jurisdiction or market or the revocation or limitation of licenses. Noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations could adversely affect our reputation, prospects, revenues and earnings. In addition, changes in current laws or regulations or in governmental policies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Domestic and foreign stock exchanges, other self-regulatory organizations and state and foreign securities commissions can censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders, suspend or expel a broker-dealer or any of its officers or employees. Our ability to comply with all applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our internal systems to ensure compliance, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance personnel. We could be subject to disciplinary or other actions in the future due to claimed noncompliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. To continue to operate and to expand our services internationally, we may have to comply with the regulatory controls of each country in which we conduct, or intend to conduct business, the requirements of which may not be clearly defined. The varying compliance requirements of these different regulatory jurisdictions, which are often unclear, may limit our ability to continue existing international operations and further expand internationally. We ar e subject to risks relating to litigation and potential securities laws liability. We are exposed to substantial risks of liability under federal and state securities laws, other federal and state laws and court decisions, as well as rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, the CFTC, the Federal Reserve, state securities regulators, self-regulatory organizations and foreign regulatory agencies. We are also subject to the risk of litigation and claims that may be without merit. We could incur significant legal expenses in defending ourselves against and resolving lawsuits or claims. An adverse resolution of any future lawsuits or claims against us could result in a negative perception of the Company and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See “Legal Proceedings and Regulatory Matters” in Part I Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 27 Table of Contents Heig htened regulatory and legislative requirements in the U.S. and internationally have increased our compliance, regulatory and other risks and costs. We are required to interpret and implement extensive and frequently changing regulatory and legislative requirements in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we do business resulting in substantial compliance, regulatory and other risks and costs, including the cost of hiring additional personnel. In addition, there is heightened regulatory scrutiny and expectations in the U.S. and internationally with respect to governance, infrastructure, data, risk management practices and controls. A failure to comply with these requirements and expectations, even if inadvertent, could result in increased regulatory oversight and restrictions, enforcement proceedings, penalties and fines. There are emerging legal and regulatory risks related to prediction markets that could harm our business. ForecastEx is a CFTC-registered Designated Contract Market ("DCM") and Derivatives Clearing Organization ("DCO") that lists event contacts (referred to as "Forecast Contracts"). Eligible customers of certain of our broker-dealer subsidiaries have access to Forecast Contracts through ForecastEx. The legal and regulatory framework for prediction markets is uncertain and continues to evolve. The outcome of currently ongoing and potential future regulatory matters, enforcement actions and litigation, as well as new laws or regulations, changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, or more rigorous enforcement in this space could prevent ForecastEx from listing, and our broker-dealer subsidiaries from offering, some or all types of Forecast Contracts in the future, including in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. In addition, there is heightened scrutiny of certain types of contracts (including contracts relating to sports and elections), and there is a risk of litigation and law enforcement activity from state gaming and regulatory authorities, as well as litigation from a range of other plaintiffs. We ma y incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax liabilities . We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the U.S., its states and municipalities, and numerous foreign jurisdictions. These tax laws and regulations, as well as the treaties between jurisdictions, are complex, and the manner they apply to us is sometimes open to interpretations. Therefore, significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities balances, and other tax liabilities. The tax positions that we take are subject to review by the IRS and other tax authorities in the U.S.

=== IBKR_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part 1, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2026. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS None ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None I TEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the quarter ended March 31, 2026 , none of our directors or officers adopted , modified or terminated a contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement”, as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. Other On April 21, 2026, the Company declared an increase in the quarterly cash dividend from $0.08 to $0.0875 per common share, payable on June 12, 2026, to stockholders of record as of June 1, 2026. The Company currently intends to pay quarterly dividends of $0.0875 per common share to our common stockholders for the foreseeable future. 61 Table of Contents ITEM 6 . Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2025 filed by the Company on August 6, 2025). ** 3.2 Amended bylaws of Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2016). ** 4.1 Description of the Registrant’s Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 filed by the Company on February 27, 2026). ** 10.1 Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of IBG LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10‑Q for the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2007 filed by the Company on June 15, 2007). ** 10.2 Form of Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of IBG Holdings LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S‑1 filed by the Company on February 12, 2007). ** 10.3 Exchange Agreement by and among Interactive Brokers Group, Inc., IBG Holdings LLC, IBG LLC and the Members of IBG LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10‑Q for the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2009 filed by the Company on November 11, 2009). ** 10.4 Tax Receivable Agreement by and between Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. and IBG Holdings LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10‑Q for the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2007 filed by the Company on June 15, 2007). ** 10.5 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2025 filed by the Company on August 6, 2025). **+ 10.6 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Amendment to the Exchange Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8‑K filed by the Company on June 6, 2012). **+ 10.7 Second Amendment to Exchange Agreement by and among Interactive Brokers Group, Inc., IBG Holdings LLC, IBG (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2015 filed by the Company on November 9, 2015). ** 10.8 First Amendment to Limited Liability Company Agreement of IBG Holdings LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2015 filed by the Company on November 9, 2015). ** 19.1 Insider Trading Policies and Procedures Description of the Registrant’s Securities (filed as Exhibit 19.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 filed by the Company on February 27, 2026) .** 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes‑Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes‑Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes‑Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes‑Oxley Act of 2002 . 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document* 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents* 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File – the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. ** Previously filed; incorporated herein by reference. + These exhibits relate to management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. * Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2026, are the following materials formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language) (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity and (v) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements tagged in detail levels 1‑4. 62 Table of Contents SIGNA TURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. INTERACTIVE BROKERS GROUP, INC. /s/ Paul J. Brody Name: Paul J. Brody Title: Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Signing both in his capacity as a duly authorized officer and as principal financial officer of the registrant) Date: May 7, 2026 