=== RTX_2026-02-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Research and Development and Operations Our innovative products and services incorporate advanced technologies. As a result, we invest substantial amounts in research and development activities using our own funds and under contractual arrangements with our customers, to enhance existing products and services and develop future technologies to meet our customers changing needs and requirements, as well as to address new business opportunities. We manufacture and service our products in approximately 225 manufacturing, production, or overhaul facilities in approximately 25 countries, including the U.S. Intellectual Property We maintain a robust portfolio of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, and franchises related to our businesses. We rely on a combination of these rights, along with nondisclosure agreements, information technology (IT) security systems, internal controls and compliance systems, and other measures to protect our intellectual property. The U.S. government and foreign governments have licenses to certain of our intellectual property, including certain patents, which are developed or used in the performance of government contracts. Commercial customers also have licenses to certain of our intellectual property largely in connection with the sale of our products. While our intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to the operation of each of our businesses, we do not believe that our business would be materially affected by the expiration of any particular intellectual property right or termination of any particular intellectual property patent license agreement. Suppliers and Raw Materials We are dependent on a global supply chain for a wide range of raw materials, commodities, components, and services. Some of our products require relatively scarce raw materials. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply or participate in commodity markets that may be subject to allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. In addition, in some cases, we must comply with specific procurement requirements, which may limit the suppliers and subcontractors we may utilize. We are largely dependent upon foreign sources for certain raw materials, such as cobalt, tantalum, chromium, rhenium, nickel, and titanium, and we rely on foreign suppliers as single-source suppliers of some components. In recent years, we have experienced supply chain disruptions that have impacted our ability to procure raw materials, including certain rare earth elements, microelectronics, and certain commodities, resulting in delays and increased costs. These disruptions have been driven by supply chain market constraints and macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and labor market shortages. The high inflationary environment has increased material and component prices, labor rates and supplier costs, which has negatively impacted our costs. Current geopolitical conditions, including conflicts and other causes of strained intercountry relations, as well as sanctions and other trade restrictive activities, such as tariffs and export controls, are continuing to contribute to these supply chain issues. We have implemented certain actions and programs which have mitigated some of the impacts, but we anticipate that supply chain disruptions will continue. We work with our suppliers and subcontractors to assess and address the causes of performance failures and delays, including by providing suppliers with raw materials and technical support. We have arranged second and third supply source alternatives in some cases and have increased our materials and parts inventory. We regularly pursue cost reductions through a number of mechanisms, including consolidating or re-sourcing our purchases, expanding the use of long-term agreements, reducing the number of suppliers generally (except as described above for important supply alternatives), strategic sourcing in cost competitive regions, capitalizing on competitions among suppliers and other low-cost sourcing initiatives, and extending our contractually negotiated raw material pricing to higher-tier suppliers in our supply chain. For additional information related to supply chain issues, see Item IA. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Other Matters Relating to Our Business As worldwide businesses, our operations can be affected by a variety of economic, industry, and other factors, including those described in this section, in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results and Risk Factor Summary, and in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 8 Table of Contents Regulatory Matters Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation in the industries we serve. We deal with numerous U.S. government agencies and entities, including but not limited to all of the branches of the DoW and the FAA. Similar government authorities exist in all of the countries in which we do business. U.S. Government Contracts. The U.S. government is our largest customer, representing a substantial majority of our total defense sales. Our U.S. government contracts generally are subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), which sets forth policies, procedures, and requirements for the acquisition of goods and services by the U.S. government; department-specific regulations that implement or supplement the FAR, such as the DoW s Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS); and other applicable laws and regulations. These regulations provide the U.S. government with various rights, including a broad right to unilaterally terminate contracts for convenience. These regulations further impose a broad range of requirements, many of which are unique to government contracting, including various procurement, import and export, security, contract pricing and cost, contract termination and adjustment, audit, and product integrity requirements. A contractor s failure to comply with these regulations and requirements could result in reductions to the value of contracts, contract modifications or termination, cash withholds on contract payments, forfeiture of profits, and/or the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines, and could lead to suspension or debarment, for cause, from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. In addition, in order to support U.S. government priorities, we may begin performance on an undefinitized contract action prior to completing contract negotiations on the terms, specifications, or price between the parties. The U.S. government has the ability to unilaterally definitize contracts, which would obligate us to perform under terms and conditions imposed by the U.S. government without our agreement. For further discussion of risks related to government contracting, including on-going litigation associated with U.S. government audits and investigations, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Form 10-K and Note 17: Commitments and Contingencies within Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Commercial Aerospace Product Regulation. Our commercial aerospace products are subject to regulations by the FAA, foreign aviation administration authorities, and international regulatory bodies, including on production and quality systems, airworthiness and installation approvals, repair procedures, and continuing operational safety. In addition, commercial aerospace regulations and regulator approaches differ across jurisdictions and changes in such regulations and implementing legislation can impact our operations. Global Trade Regulation. We must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export and import of products, services, and technology from and into the U.S. and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. In the U.S., these laws and regulations include, among others, the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and the Arms Export Control Act (AECA) provisions administered by the U.S. Department of State (DOS), embargoes and sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, and import regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ). Certain of our products, services, and technologies have military or strategic applications and are on the U.S. Munitions List of the ITAR, the Commerce Control List of the EAR, or are otherwise subject to the EAR and/or the U.S. Munitions Import List, and we are required to obtain licenses and authorizations from the appropriate U.S. government agencies before exporting these products out of the U.S. or importing these products into the U.S. Foreign policy of the U.S. or other licensing jurisdictions may affect the licensing process or otherwise prevent us from engaging in business dealings with certain individuals, entities, or countries. Any failure by us, our customers, or our suppliers to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal penalties, fines, seizure of our products, adverse publicity, restrictions on our ability to engage in export or import transactions, or the suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government. For further discussion of risks related to exports and imports, see Item 1A. Risk Factors . Compliance Matters. As previously disclosed, on October 15, 2024, Raytheon Company entered into a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) (DPA-1) with the DOJ and on October 16, 2024, the Company became subject to an administrative order issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (the SEC Administrative Order) to resolve the previously disclosed criminal and civil government investigations into payments made by Raytheon Company and its joint venture, Thales-Raytheon Systems (TRS), since 2012 in connection with certain Middle East contracts. On October 16, 2024, Raytheon Company also entered into a DPA (DPA-2) and a False Claims Act (FCA) settlement agreement with the DOJ to resolve previously disclosed criminal and civil government investigations into defective pricing claims for certain legacy Raytheon Company contracts entered into between 2011 and 2013 and in 2017. Under DPA-1, DPA-2, and the SEC Administrative Order, Raytheon Company and the Company are required to undertake certain cooperation and disclosure obligations (for a term commencing on the effective date of DPA-1 and the SEC Administrative Order, as applicable, and ending three years from the date on which Raytheon Company and the Company engage an independent compliance monitor satisfactory to the DOJ and SEC). A single independent compliance monitor was selected to oversee Raytheon Company s and the Company s compliance with their 9 Table of Contents respective obligations under DPA-1, DPA-2, and the SEC Administrative Order, and that monitor is expected to be in place by the end of the first quarter. DPA-1 and DPA-2 further provide that, in the event the DOJ, in its sole discretion, determines during the period of deferral of prosecution that Raytheon Company or the Company have violated any provision of either DPA, Raytheon Company or the Company may be subject to prosecution for any federal criminal violation, including the charges against Raytheon Company in the relevant DPA. The SEC Administrative Order further provides that, in the event of a breach of the agreement with the SEC, the SEC may vacate the Administrative Order and institute proceedings against the Company. In the event of any such determination of breach, the Company may face additional adverse impacts. Also as previously disclosed, on August 29, 2024, the Company entered into a Consent Agreement (CA) with the DOS to resolve alleged civil violations of the AECA and the ITAR. The CA, which has a three-year term, requires the Company to implement remedial compliance measures and to conduct an external audit of the Company s ITAR compliance program. The CA also requires appointment of an external independent Special Compliance Officer (SCO). The Company appointed its SCO on September 27, 2024. If the Company is unable to satisfy the requirements of the CA within three years as determined by the DOS, it may face a continuation of the CA, additional fines, or other adverse impacts. For further discussion of DPA-1, DPA-2, the SEC Administrative Order, and the CA, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Note 17: Commitments and Contingencies within Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Environmental Regulation. Our operations are subject to and affected by environmental regulation by federal, state, and local authorities in the U.S. and regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over our international operations, including with respect to chemical substances in our products, manufacturing processes, and the operation of our facilities, as well as the generation, treatment, storage, disposal, and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. We use hazardous substances and generate hazardous wastes in some of our operations and have incurred, and will likely continue to incur, costs associated with environmental compliance activities and management of remediation matters at sites with pollutants. A portion of these costs are eligible for future recovery through the pricing of our products and services under our contracts with the U.S. government. In addition, we have been identified as a potentially responsible party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act, also known as the Superfund law, or state law counterparts to the Superfund law, for a number of sites. The nature and extent of environmental concerns vary from site to site and our share of responsibility varies from sole responsibility to very little responsibility. We also manage various government-owned facilities on behalf of the U.S. government. At such facilities, environmental compliance and remediation costs have historically been primarily the responsibility of the U.S. government, and we have relied upon U.S. government funding to pay such costs. We do not anticipate that compliance with current provisions or requirements relating to the protection of the environment or that any payments we may be required to make for cleanup liabilities will have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Environmental matters are further addressed in Note 1: Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Principles and Note 17: Commitments and Contingencies within Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Most of the U.S. laws governing environmental matters include criminal provisions. If we were convicted of a violation of the federal Clean Air Act or Clean Water Act, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could be deemed ineligible to be used in performing any U.S. government contract we are awarded until the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) thereafter certifies that the condition giving rise to the violation has been corrected. In addition, we could be affected by future foreign or domestic laws or regulations imposed in response to concerns over climate change, and we monitor developments in environmental and climate-related laws and regulations and their potential impact to our business and financial condition. Changes in environmental and climate-related laws or regulations, including regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, carbon pricing, energy taxes, product efficiency standards, global chemical regulations, and mandatory disclosure obligations could lead to new or additional investment in product designs and facility upgrades and could increase our operational and environmental compliance expenditures, including increased energy and raw materials costs and costs associated with manufacturing changes. For further discussion of risks related to environmental and climate matters and other government regulations, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Other Applicable Regulations. We conduct our businesses through subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. As a result, our businesses and operations are subject to both U.S. and non-U.S. government laws, regulations, and procurement policies and practices, including regulations relating to tariffs, taxes, investment, sanctions, exchange controls, anti-corruption, privacy, and cash repatriation. Our international sales are also subject to varying currency, political, and economic risks. 10 Table of Contents Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results This Form 10-K contains statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide management s current expectations or plans for our future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid, and are not statements of historical fact. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as believe, expect, expectations, plans, strategy, prospects, estimate, project, target, commit, commitment, anticipate, will, should, see, guidance, outlook, goals, objectives, confident, on track, designed to, and other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements relating to future sales, earnings, cash flow, results of operations, uses of cash, share repurchases, tax payments and rates, research and development spending, cost savings, other measures of financial performance, potential future plans, strategies or transactions, credit ratings and net indebtedness, the Powder Metal Matter and related matters and activities, including without limitation other engine models that may be impacted, targets and commitments (including for share repurchases or otherwise), and other statements which are not solely historical facts. All forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties, changes in circumstances, and other factors that are hard to predict, and each of which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Such risks, uncertainties, and other factors include, without limitation: changes in economic, capital market, and political conditions in the U.S. and globally; changes in U.S. government defense spending, national priorities, and policy positions; our performance on our contracts and programs, including our ability to control costs, and our dependence on U.S. government approvals for certain international contracts; challenges in the development, certification, production, delivery, support, and performance of RTX s advanced technologies and new products and services and the realization of anticipated benefits; the challenges of operating in RTX s highly-competitive industries both domestically and abroad; our reliance on U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers and commodity markets, including cost increases and disruptions in the delivery of materials and services to RTX or our suppliers; changes in trade policies, implementation of sanctions, imposition of tariffs (and counter-tariffs), and other trade measures and restrictions, foreign currency fluctuations, and sales methods; the economic condition of the aerospace industry; the ability of RTX to attract, train, qualify, and retain qualified personnel and maintain its culture and high ethical standards, and the ability of our personnel to continue to operate our facilities and businesses around the world; the scope, nature, timing, and challenges of managing and completing acquisitions, investments, divestitures, and other transactions; compliance with legal, environmental, regulatory, and other requirements in the U.S. and other countries in which RTX and its businesses operate; pending, threatened, and future legal proceedings, investigations, audits, and other contingencies; the Deferred Prosecution Agreements, SEC Administrative Order, the Consent Agreement; and the related investigations by the SEC and the DOJ; RTX s ability to engage in desirable capital-raising or strategic transactions; repurchases by RTX of its common stock, or declarations of cash dividends, which may be discontinued, accelerated, suspended, or delayed at any time due to various factors; realizing expected benefits from, incurring costs for, and successfully managing strategic initiatives such as cost reduction, restructuring, digital transformation, and other operational initiatives; additional tax exposures due to new tax legislation or other developments in the U.S. and other countries in which RTX and its businesses operate; the Powder Metal Matter; changes in production volumes of one or more of our significant customers as a result of business, labor, or other challenges, and the resulting effect on its or their demand for our products and services; an RTX product safety failure, quality issue, or other failure affecting RTX s or its customers or suppliers products or systems; cybersecurity, including cyber-attacks on RTX s information technology (IT) infrastructure, products, suppliers, customers and partners, and cybersecurity-related regulations; insufficient indemnity or insurance coverage; our intellectual property and certain third-party intellectual property; threats to RTX facilities and personnel, or those of its suppliers or customers, as well as public health crises, damaging weather, acts of nature, or other similar events outside of RTX s control that may affect RTX or its suppliers or customers; 11 Table of Contents changes in accounting estimates for our programs on our financial results; changes in pension and other postretirement plan estimates and assumptions and contributions; an impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; and climate change and climate-related regulations, and any related customer and market demands, products and technologies. In addition, this Form 10-K includes important information as to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Additional information as to factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements is disclosed from time to time in our other filings with the SEC . 12 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity can be impacted by the factors set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. INDUSTRY RISKS Changes in U.S. government defense spending could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, and overall business. U.S. government sales constitute a significant portion of our consolidated sales. Our U.S. government revenues largely result from contracts awarded under various U.S. government programs, primarily defense-related programs with the U.S. Department of War (DoW) (formerly referred to as the U.S. Department of Defense), and a broad range of programs with other departments and agencies. Changes in U.S. government defense spending for various reasons, including as a result of potential changes in policy or budgetary positions or priorities, could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our programs and contracts are subject to U.S. government policies, budget decisions, and appropriation processes, which are driven by numerous factors including U.S. domestic and broader geopolitical events, macroeconomic conditions, and the ability of the U.S. government to enact relevant legislation, such as appropriations bills. In recent years, U.S. government appropriations have been affected by larger U.S. government budgetary issues and related legislation, and the U.S. government has been unable to complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year, resulting in both governmental shutdowns and continuing resolutions providing only enough funds for U.S. government agencies to continue operating at prior-year levels. Our business, program performance, and results of operations could be impacted by the resulting disruptions to federal government offices, workers, and operations, including risks relating to the funding of certain programs or contracts, stop work orders, as well as delays in contract awards, new program starts, payments for work performed, and other actions. As a result, U.S. government defense spending levels are subject to a wide range of outcomes and are difficult to predict beyond the near-term due to numerous factors, including the external threat environment, future governmental priorities, and the state of governmental finances. Significant changes in U.S. government defense spending or changes in U.S. government priorities, policies, and requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We face risks relating to our U.S. government contracts and programs, including the mix of our U.S. government contracts and programs, our performance, and our ability to control costs. The termination of one or more of our U.S. government contracts, or the occurrence of performance delays, cost overruns, product failures, shortages in materials, components, or labor, contract definitization delays, or other failures to perform to customer expectations and contract requirements, could negatively impact our reputation and competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. U.S. government contracts with prime contractors generally permit the government to terminate the contract, in whole or in part, without prior notice, at the U.S. government s convenience or for default based on performance. If one of our contracts is terminated for convenience, we would generally be entitled to payments for our allowable costs incurred, termination costs, and would receive some allowance for profit on the work performed. If one of our contracts is terminated for default, we would generally be entitled to payments for work accepted by the U.S. government. A termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability and have a negative impact on our ability to obtain future contracts and orders. In addition, we are a subcontractor on some programs, and the U.S. government could terminate the prime contract for convenience or otherwise, without regard to our performance as a subcontractor. We may not be able to offset lost revenues resulting from contract termination. Moreover, because the funding of U.S. government programs is subject to congressional appropriations made on a fiscal year basis even for multi-year programs, programs are often only partially funded initially and may not continue to be funded in future years. Appropriation bills may be delayed, which may result in delays to funding, the collection of receivables, and our contract performance due to lack of authorized funds to procure related products and services. The timing of contract definitization can be affected by factors specific to the U.S. government, including staffing limitations. Under certain circumstances, we may use our own funds to meet our customer s desired delivery dates or other requirements, but we may not be reimbursed. Further, if appropriations for one of our programs become unavailable, reduced, or delayed, the U.S. government may terminate for convenience our contract or subcontract under that program. In addition, our U.S. government contracts typically involve the development, application, and manufacture of advanced defense and technology systems and products aimed at achieving challenging goals. As a result of untested or unproven technologies, or modified requirements or specifications, we may experience technological and other performance difficulties (including delays, setbacks, cost overruns, or product failures), our attention or resources may be diverted from other projects, and our future sales opportunities may be impacted. Additionally, as our customers demand more mature solutions, we may be required to invest in development prior to contract award with no guarantee of award. Our profitability could be negatively affected based on the mix of our U.S. government contracts and programs and the costs incurred of performing the work, especially if we are unable to control costs or if our initial cost estimates are incorrect, particularly under fixed-price development contracts. Our U.S. government contracts are typically either fixed-priced contracts or cost reimbursement contracts. Fixed-price contracts are predominantly either firm fixed-price (FFP) contracts or fixed-price 13 Table of Contents incentive (FPI) contracts. Under FFP contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur, and we therefore carry the burden of any cost overruns. Under FPI contracts, we generally 