=== WM_2026-03-31.htm.gz ===
tm261369-1_nonfiling - none - 15.4774726s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Waste Management, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date and Time: Tuesday, May 12, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. Central Time Place: Waste Management, Inc. 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000 Houston, Texas 77002 Record Date: March 17, 2026 Agenda for the Annual Meeting (or any adjournment or postponement thereof): To elect the nine nominees named in the attached proxy statement to our Board of Directors; To vote on a proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026; To vote on a non-binding, advisory proposal to approve our executive compensation; To vote on a proposal to amend and restate our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ) to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance; and To conduct other business that is properly raised at the meeting. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE STOCKHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD MAY 12, 2026: This Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement and the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 are available at investors.wm.com. You may submit your proxy via the Internet by following the instructions provided in the Notice or, if you received printed copies of the proxy materials, on your proxy card. If you received printed copies of the materials in accordance with the instructions in the Notice, you also have the option to submit your proxy by telephone by calling the toll-free number listed on your proxy card. Telephone voting is available 24 hours per day until 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 11, 2026. If you received printed copies of the proxy materials in accordance with the instructions in the Notice and would like to submit your proxy by mail, please mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it promptly in the postage-paid envelope provided. If your shares of Common Stock are held in street name, you will receive instructions from your broker, bank or nominee that you must follow in order to have your shares of Common Stock voted at the Annual Meeting. Your vote is important. We urge all stockholders to vote and submit their proxies as soon as possible using one of the methods described above. Courtney A. Tippy Corporate Secretary March 31, 2026 Enroll in Electronic Delivery Today. Help us save paper, time and money! If your shares are held in street name through a bank or broker, visit www.proxyvote.com or follow the instructions on the Notice, proxy card or voting instructions. All stockholders may enroll at enroll.icsdelivery.com/wmi. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Page GENERAL INFORMATION 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 4 Nominees for Director 4 Leadership Structure 4 Independence of Board Members 5 Meetings and Board Committees 5 Role in Risk Oversight 5 Oversight of Sustainability Risk and Performance 6 Audit Committee 8 Audit Committee Report 9 Management Development and Compensation Committee 10 Compensation Committee Report 10 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 11 Nominating and Governance Committee 11 Related Party Transactions 12 Board of Directors Governing Documents 13 Non-Employee Director Compensation 13 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Item 1 on the Proxy Card) 16 DIRECTOR AND OFFICER STOCK OWNERSHIP 28 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 29 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 30 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 31 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 31 Introduction 31 Executive Summary 31 2025 Compensation Program Results and Company Performance 32 Executive Compensation Decisions in Connection with Leadership Transitions 34 Consideration of Stockholder Advisory Vote 35 2026 Compensation Program Preview 35 Page Our Compensation Philosophy for Named Executive Officers 36 Overview of Elements of Our 2025 Executive Compensation Program 37 How Named Executive Officer Compensation Decisions are Made 38 Named Executives 2025 Compensation Program and Results 42 Post-Employment and Change in Control Compensation; Clawback Policies 48 Other Compensation Policies and Practices 49 Executive Compensation Tables 51 Summary Compensation Table 51 Grant of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 53 Outstanding Equity Awards as of December 31, 2025 55 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 56 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in 2025 57 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 58 Potential Consideration Upon Termination of Employment 60 Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio 61 Equity Compensation Plan Table 61 Pay Versus Performance 62 RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (Item 2 on the Proxy Card) 66 ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (Item 3 on the Proxy Card) 67 PROPOSAL TO AMEND AND RESTATE THE COMPANY S EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (Item 4 on the Proxy Card) 68 APPENDIX A A-1 APPENDIX B B-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS GENERAL INFORMATION Waste Management, Inc. is a holding company, and all operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries are operated and managed locally and generally focus on providing services in distinct geographic areas. Through our subsidiaries, we are North America s leading provider of comprehensive environmental solutions, providing services throughout the United States ( U.S. ) and Canada. We partner with our customers and the communities we serve to manage and reduce waste at each stage from collection to disposal, while recovering valuable resources and creating cleaner, renewable energy. Following our 2024 acquisition of Stericycle, Inc. ( Stericycle ), our Healthcare Solutions segment provides regulated waste and compliance services and secure information destruction services in the U.S., Canada and Western Europe that protect people and brands, promote health and well-being and safeguard the environment. Our Board of Directors is soliciting your proxy for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and at any postponement or adjournment of the meeting. We are furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders primarily via the Internet. On March 31, 2026, we sent an electronic notice of how to access our proxy materials and our Annual Report to stockholders that have previously signed up to receive their proxy materials via the Internet. On March 31, 2026, we began mailing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to those stockholders that previously have not signed up for electronic delivery. The Notice contains instructions on how stockholders can access our proxy materials at investors.wm.com or request that a printed set of the proxy materials be sent to them. Enroll in Electronic Delivery Today! We encourage stockholders to elect to receive all future proxy materials electronically, which is free, fast, convenient and helps lower our printing and postage costs. If you are a beneficial owner, visit www.proxyvote.com or follow the instructions on the Notice, proxy card or voting instructions. All stockholders may also enroll at enroll.icsdelivery.com/wmi. Shares Outstanding on the Record Date There were 402,913,509 shares of common stock of Waste Management, Inc. (our Common Stock ) outstanding and entitled to vote as of March 17, 2026, the record date for the Annual Meeting. Attending the Meeting Only stockholders, their proxy holders and our invited guests may attend the Annual Meeting. If you plan to attend, please bring identification. If you are a beneficial owner that holds shares in street name through a bank or broker, you must also bring your bank or broker statement showing your beneficial ownership of Waste Management, Inc. Common Stock in order to be admitted to the meeting. If you are planning to attend our Annual Meeting and require directions to the meeting, please contact our Corporate Secretary s office at 713-512-6393. The only items that we anticipate will be discussed at the Annual Meeting are the items set out in the Notice. We do not anticipate that there will be any presentations. Voting Instructions You can submit your proxy by Internet, phone or mail. You may receive more than one proxy card depending on how you hold your shares. You should complete and return each proxy or other voting instruction request provided to you. If you are a beneficial owner that holds shares in street name through a bank or broker, you will receive instructions from your bank, broker or nominee that you must follow in order to have your shares of Common Stock voted at the Annual Meeting, and your ability to submit your voting instructions by phone or over the Internet depends on your bank s or broker s voting process. If you complete and submit your proxy voting instructions, the persons named as proxies will follow your instructions. If you submit your proxy but do not give voting instructions, we will vote your shares in accordance with the recommendation of the Board on each of the proposals set forth below. Other Matters The Company does not intend to bring any other matters before the Annual Meeting, nor does the Company have any present knowledge that any other matters will be presented by others for action at the meeting. If any other matters are properly presented, your proxy card authorizes the people named as proxy holders to vote using their judgment. Voting and Asking Questions at the Meeting Stockholders can vote and ask questions at the Annual Meeting relevant to the items to be voted on or the business of the Company. If you are a beneficial owner that holds shares in street name, you must bring a legal proxy from the record holder in order to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted at the Annual Meeting. Please read the Notice and this Proxy Statement with care and follow the voting instructions to ensure that your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS GENERAL INFORMATION Changing Your Vote Stockholders of record may revoke their proxy at any time before we vote it at the meeting by submitting a later-dated proxy via the Internet, by telephone, by mail, by delivering instructions to our Corporate Secretary before the Annual Meeting revoking the proxy or by voting during the Annual Meeting. Attendance at the Annual Meeting, by itself, will not revoke a proxy. If you hold shares through a bank or broker, you may revoke any prior voting instructions by contacting that firm. The Proposals The following proposals are being presented for a vote of the stockholders at the Annual Meeting: Proposal Matter Board Vote Recommendation 1 Election of Director Nominees set forth in this Proxy Statement FOR each director nominee 2 Ratification of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for fiscal year 2026 FOR 3 Approval of the Company s Executive Compensation FOR 4 Approval of Proposal to Amend and Restate the Company s ESPP FOR Votes Required to Adopt the Proposals Each share of our Common Stock outstanding on the record date is entitled to one vote on each of the nine director nominees and one vote on each other proposal. Proposal 1: To be elected, a director must receive a majority of the votes cast with respect to that director s election at the meeting; this means that the number of shares voted for a director must exceed 50% of the votes cast with respect to that director. Proposal 2, 3 and 4: In order to be approved, each of proposals 2, 3 and 4 require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock present, in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote on the matter. Effect of Abstentions Abstentions will have no effect on the election of directors. For each of the other proposals, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against these matters. Effect of Broker Non-Votes If your shares are held by a broker, you may submit your voting instructions to the broker as to how you want your shares to be voted. If you give the broker instructions, your shares must be voted as you direct. If you do not instruct your broker how to vote your shares using the instructions your broker provides to you, your broker may vote your shares at its discretion on proposal 2 regarding ratification of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, but not for any other proposal. When this happens, it is called a broker non-vote. With respect to proposals 1, 3 and 4, broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome. To be sure your shares are voted in the manner you desire, you should instruct your broker how to vote your shares. Quorum The holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock outstanding on the record date must be present in person or by proxy to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the Annual Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted for purposes of determining a quorum. Stockholder Proposals and Nominees for the 2026 Annual Meeting The Company will not consider any proposal or nomination that is not timely or otherwise does not meet the Company s By-law and Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) requirements for submitting a proposal or nomination. We also ask that you email a courtesy copy of any notice to GCLegal@wm.com. A copy of our By-laws may be obtained free of charge by writing to our Corporate Secretary at 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002 and is available in the Sustainability Governance Corporate Governance section of investors.wm.com. 2 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS GENERAL INFORMATION Stockholder Proposals: Eligible stockholders who wish to submit a proposal for inclusion in the proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), for our 2027 Annual Meeting must submit their proposal to our Corporate Secretary at Waste Management, Inc., 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002 for receipt on or before December 1, 2026. The proponent and the proposal must comply with the requirements set forth in the federal securities laws, including Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, in order to be included in the Company s proxy statement and proxy card for the 2027 Annual Meeting. Advance Notice Proposals and Nominations: In addition, the Company s By-laws establish advance notice procedures that must be complied with for stockholders to bring proposals that are not included in the Company s proxy materials and nominations of persons for election as directors (other than pursuant to our proxy access By-law discussed below) before an annual meeting of stockholders. In accordance with our By-laws, for a proposal or nominee not included in our proxy materials to be properly brought before the 2027 Annual Meeting, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to our Corporate Secretary at Waste Management, Inc., 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002 no earlier than December 13, 2026, and no later than January 12, 2027, and must contain the information specified in the Company s By-laws. In addition to satisfying the foregoing advance notice requirements under our By-laws, to comply with the universal proxy rules under the Exchange Act, a stockholder who intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than Company s nominees must provide notice that sets forth the information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act no later than January 12, 2027, and must also comply with all other requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. The Company will disregard any proxies solicited for a stockholder s director nominee(s) if such stockholder fails to comply with such requirements. Proxy Access Nominations: The Company s By-laws permit a stockholder or group of up to 20 stockholders owning 3% or more of the Company s outstanding Common Stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company s proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of 20% of the Board of Directors or two individuals, provided the stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the Company s By-laws. Notice of proxy access director nominees must be delivered to our Corporate Secretary at Waste Management, Inc., 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002 no earlier than November 1, 2026, and no later than December 1, 2026, together with other information required by the Company s By-laws. Expenses of Solicitation We pay the cost of preparing, assembling and mailing this proxy-soliciting material. In addition to the use of the mail, proxies may be solicited personally, by Internet or telephone, or by the Company s officers and employees of the Company s subsidiaries without additional compensation. We pay all costs of solicitation, including certain expenses of brokers and nominees who mail proxy materials to their customers or principals. Also, Innisfree M A Incorporated has been hired to help in the solicitation of proxies for the 2026 Annual Meeting for a fee of $20,000 plus associated costs and expenses. Annual Report A copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which includes our financial statements for fiscal year 2025, is provided with this Proxy Statement and is available at investors.wm.com. The Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement or deemed to be a part of the materials for the solicitation of proxies. If you wish to receive a separate or additional copy of this Proxy Statement and Annual Report free of charge, please contact: Waste Management, Inc., Corporate Secretary, 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002, telephone 713-512-6393. Householding Information We have adopted a procedure approved by the SEC called householding. Under this procedure, stockholders of record who have the same address and last name and do not participate in electronic delivery of proxy materials will receive only one copy of the Proxy Statement and Annual Report unless we are notified that one or more of these individuals wishes to receive separate copies. This procedure helps reduce our printing costs and postage fees. If you do not wish to participate in householding in the future and prefer to receive separate copies of the proxy materials, please contact: Broadridge Financial Solutions, Attention Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone 1-866-540-7095 . If you are currently receiving multiple copies of proxy materials and wish to receive only one copy for your household, please contact Broadridge. 2026 Proxy Statement | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our Board of Directors currently has 9 members. Each member of our Board is elected annually and is nominated for re-election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Nominees for Director Committee Name Age Tenure Independent Audit Management Development Compensation Nominating Governance Thomas L. Ben 63 2024 Present Bruce E. Chinn 69 2023 Present James C. Fish, Jr. 63 2016 Present Andr s R. Gluski 68 2015 Present Victoria M. Holt 68 2013 Present Kathleen M. Mazzarella 66 2015 Present Sean E. Menke 57 2021 Present William B. Plummer 67 2019 Present Maryrose T. Sylvester 60 2021 Present Chair Member Leadership Structure Ms. Kathleen M. Mazzarella s service as Non-Executive Chair of the Board began in May 2023. The Board elected Ms. Mazzarella to serve as Non-Executive Chair of the Board due to her extensive leadership experience, expertise in Board governance, and deep understanding of our Company and our strategic vision. Ms. Mazzarella presides over all meetings of the Board, including executive sessions that only non-employee directors attend. The Non-Executive Chair also serves on all three Board committees. Stockholders and interested parties wishing to communicate with the Board or any of the non-employee directors should address their communications to Non-Executive Chair of the Board or the applicable director, c/o Waste Management, Inc., P.O. Box 53569, Houston, Texas 77052-3569. Additional information about communicating with our directors is available in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which can be found by accessing the Sustainability Governance Corporate Governance section of investors.wm.com. We separated the roles of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at our Company in 2004. We believe that having a Non-Executive Chair of the Board is in the best interests of the Company and stockholders, due in part to the ever-increasing demands made on boards of directors under federal securities laws, national stock exchange rules and other federal and state regulations. The separation of the positions allows our Chair of the Board to focus on management of Board matters and allows our Chief Executive Officer to focus his attention on managing our business. Additionally, we believe the separation of those roles contributes to the independence of the Board in its oversight role and in assessing the Chief Executive Officer and management generally. At this time, we do not contemplate a situation in which our Company would not have a Non-Executive Chair of the Board. 4 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS Independence of Board Members The Board of Directors has determined that each of the following eight non-employee director nominees are independent in accordance with the New York Stock Exchange listing standards: Thomas L. Ben , Bruce E. Chinn, Andr s R. Gluski, Victoria M. Holt, Kathleen M. Mazzarella, Sean E. Menke, William B. Plummer and Maryrose T. Sylvester. James C. Fish, Jr., our Chief Executive Officer, is also a director of the Company. As an executive officer of the Company, Mr. Fish is not an independent director. To assist the Board in determining independence, the Board of Directors adopted categorical standards of director independence, which meet or exceed the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange. These standards specify certain relationships that are prohibited in order for the non-employee director to be deemed independent. The categorical standards our Board uses in determining independence are included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which can be found by accessing the Sustainability Governance Corporate Governance section of investors.wm.com. In addition to these categorical standards, our Board makes a subjective determination of independence considering relevant facts and circumstances. The Board reviewed all commercial and non-profit affiliations of each non-employee director and the dollar amount of all transactions between the Company and each entity with which a non-employee director is affiliated to determine independence. These transactions consisted of the Company, through its subsidiaries, providing waste management services in the ordinary course of business and the Company s subsidiaries purchasing goods and services in the ordinary course of business and included commercial dealings with Graybar Electric Company, Inc., The AES Corporation, and Breakthru Beverage Group, LLC. Ms. Mazzarella, Mr. Gluski, and Mr. Ben served as chief executive officer of these entities, respectively, for 2025. The Board concluded there are no transactions between the Company and any entity with which a non-employee director is affiliated that are prohibited by our categorical standards of independence or give rise to a material direct or indirect interest for that non-employee director. Accordingly, the Board has determined that each non-employee director candidate meets the categorical standards of independence and that there are no relationships that would affect independence. Meetings and Board Committees Last year the Board held seven regular meetings and one special meeting, and each committee of the Board met independently as set forth below. Each incumbent director attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board and the committees on which he or she served. In addition, all directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that directors are expected to attend the annual meeting of stockholders, and if an unavoidable conflict arises, the director must notify the Chair of the Board in advance. The Board appoints committees to help carry out its duties. Committee members take on greater responsibility for key issues. All members of the Board are invited to attend, and do generally attend, all committee meetings. The committees review meeting results and recommendations with the full Board. The Board has three separate standing committees: the Audit Committee; the Management Development and Compensation Committee (the MD C Committee ); and the Nominating and Governance Committee. Additionally, the Board has the power to appoint additional committees, as it deems necessary. Role in Risk Oversight Our executive officers have primary responsibility for risk management within our Company. Our Board of Directors oversees risk management to ensure that the processes designed, implemented and maintained by our executives are functioning as intended and adapted when necessary to respond to changes in our Company s strategy as well as emerging risks. The primary means by which our Board oversees our risk management processes is through its regular communications with management and by regularly reviewing our enterprise risk management, or ERM, framework. We believe that our leadership team s engagement and communication methods are supportive of comprehensive risk management practices and that our Board s involvement is appropriate to ensure effective oversight. Our ERM process is supported by regular inquiries of our Company s Senior Leadership Team, and additional members of management and operations leadership across the enterprise, as to the risks, including emerging risks, that may affect the execution of our business performance or strategic priorities on a short-term, intermediate or long-term basis. We also consult with a range of outside advisors and experts throughout the year, depending on the subject matter of the 2026 Proxy Statement | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS risk being evaluated. We believe that use of outside advisors and experts complement our ERM process by ensuring our efforts are comprehensive and balanced. Our ERM process is periodically reviewed and discussed with our Chief Compliance and Ethics Officer and our Vice President of Internal Audit and Controls to enhance alignment with our disclosure controls and procedures. Additionally, our Compliance and Ethics department conducts periodic risk assessments for a range of ongoing risks that are monitored. If those risks rise to certain materiality or frequency thresholds, they receive further analysis and review through the ERM base evaluation and priority risk evaluation processes. For the most significant or immediate risks, the ERM process is designed to generate actionable insights that are actively discussed and reviewed with the Senior Leadership Team and our Board. Risks and opportunities are assessed and then prioritized using internal evaluations of financial impact, likelihood and potential timing of occurrence, outlook for changes in the nature or extent of risk exposure and a self-assessment of the Company s confidence in existing risk mitigation efforts. The Senior Leadership Team reviews the outcomes of the risk assessments, focusing largely on the estimated scope of impacts, as well as the adequacy of current support by internal staff, the sufficiency of financial support for mitigation measures needed to manage and reduce risk, and the sufficiency of any third-party expertise that may be necessary to supplement internal resources. All significant risks have a standardized scorecard that includes forward-looking action plans with measurable indicators and progress updates on action plans from previous assessments. At quarterly Audit Committee meetings, management provides an ERM report and regularly provides an in-depth update on specific risk topics. Additionally, risks related to our strategy, operations and financial results are also addressed in our Board meetings. Our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer report to our Board and Audit Committee at these meetings, and other members of management periodically attend and present information, including those responsible for our Internal Audit and Controls, Environmental Audit, Ethics and Compliance, Human Resources, Government Affairs, Digital, Insurance, Safety, Finance and Accounting functions. These presentations allow our directors to have direct communication with management and assess management s evaluation and administration of the Company s risk profile through our ERM process. Examples of key areas of assessment addressed by our ERM process and overseen by our Audit Committee and Board include the following: acquisition integration; climate transition and natural disaster impact; industry disruption; pricing and cost management; macroeconomic and regulatory impact; supply chain management; cyber security and artificial intelligence; business continuity; health and safety; brand management; growth strategies; commodity risk management; extended producer responsibility; asset network and market planning. Additionally, in accordance with New York Stock Exchange requirements, the Audit Committee is responsible for discussing our major financial risk exposures, steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures and the Company s process for risk assessment and management, and quarterly reports are made to the Audit Committee on financial and compliance risks. Management is encouraged to communicate with our directors with respect to any issues or developments that may require consideration between regularly scheduled Board meetings, and members of management are regularly in direct contact with our Non-Executive Chair of the Board and our committee chairs. Our Non-Executive Chair of the Board also facilitates communications with our Board of Directors as a whole and is integral in initiating the discussions among the independent directors necessary to ensure management is adequately evaluating and overseeing risks to our Company. Oversight of Sustainability Risk and Performance Our fundamental strategy has not changed; we remain dedicated to providing long-term value to our stockholders by successfully executing our core strategy of focused differentiation and continuous improvement. We have enabled a people-first, technology-led focus to drive our mission to maximize resource value, while minimizing environmental impact, and sustainability and environmental stewardship is embedded in all that we do. As a result, it would not be effective, or possible, to assign responsibility for oversight of sustainability, which includes environmental and human capital management risk and performance, to any one committee of our Board of Directors. Rather, various aspects of sustainability risk and performance, which are already organically a part of our Board and committees oversight of our performance, risk management and strategic vision, are addressed in different committees and with our full Board of Directors, as appropriate depending on the subject matter. 6 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our Board receives strategic updates quarterly from our Senior Leadership Team. Given the nature of our business, those sessions will address topics such as our people, sustainable operations, waste diversion, recycling business improvements, sustainability growth investments, potentially disruptive technologies and environmental impacts, risks and opportunities. In 2025, the Board received several dedicated updates regarding sustainability topics, including our sustainability growth strategy, and the Board receives regular updates from our Chief Human Resources Officer with respect to our people-first strategy, including workforce evolution, labor market developments and employee retention. The full Board of Directors receives annual in-depth reports on leadership, workforce and supplier diversity, as well as quarterly safety performance updates and a detailed annual health and safety report. Additionally, the Company s Chief Sustainability Officer presents a quarterly Sustainability Scorecard to the entire Board to highlight critical focus areas. Through these reports, our Board directly oversees our sustainability-related performance, including progress toward our sustainability goals and our decarbonization plan for meeting a science-based climate target, detailed in our 2025 Sustainability Report. Our Audit Committee also plays a significant role in oversight of sustainability risk and performance. As discussed above, our Audit Committee receives regular ERM updates with in-depth discussion on specific risk topics, which include sustainability risks. Additionally, the Audit Committee receives quarterly reports on our compliance programs, including ethics and environmental and safety audit, with an annual in-depth review of our compliance programs with risk assessments. Our Audit Committee also has responsibility for oversight of information and cybersecurity and assessment of cyber threats and defenses. Our Audit Committee receives reports on these matters from our most senior executives in the Digital organization, and the Company s executive officers, at least twice a year. Topics historically covered in such reports, and for which our Board exercises oversight, include third-party evaluation of our technology infrastructure and information security against the industry-standard NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology) cybersecurity framework; management of emerging cyber threats such as merger and acquisition activity; use and governance of artificial intelligence, including oversight of our artificial intelligence policies and procedures; risk mitigation through the Company s enterprise-wide cybersecurity training, including our Board of Directors, conducted at least annually, regular simulated phishing tests and third-party penetration testing; review of the Company s cyber incident insurance coverage and external cyber incident resources; review of the Company s Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan; review of readouts from cyber incident table top exercises; and consideration of applicable laws and regulations, including those related to privacy. Our MD C Committee has primary oversight of human capital management, including review of employee health, welfare and benefit programs and compensation plan risk assessment. The MD C Committee is also responsible for executive compensation incentive plan design and the incorporation and measurement of the annual cash incentive program sustainability scorecard performance modifier discussed in our Compensation Discussion and Analysis below. The Committee also engages in quarterly sessions with our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Human Resources Officer regarding talent development and succession planning at several levels of our organization. A critical component of these talent development and succession planning efforts is the recognition that diversity and inclusion are fundamental Company values. Our Human Resources programs overseen by our MD C Committee embrace and cultivate belonging, respect, trust, open communication and diversity of thought and people. Strong and effective corporate governance is established and overseen by our Nominating Governance Committee. The Committee leads the process for annual Board, committee and director evaluations and is responsible for review and recommendation of Board and committee composition and leadership. In connection with performing this vital function, the Nominating Governance Committee reviews the skills, expertise and qualifications of our existing directors, as well as potential external candidates, and considers numerous elements of Board composition, tenure and Board refreshment. These efforts deliver on the Nominating Governance Committee s purpose to identify and nominate the best possible candidates to guide and support the Company s strategy and its commitment to serve and care for our customers, the environment, the communities in which we work and our stockholders. Please see the discussion of the Nominating and Governance Committee below for more information on this robust process. For additional information about the topics discussed above, including sustainability goals, metrics and progress, we encourage stockholders to review our 2025 Sustainability Report at sustainability.wm.com. The Sustainability Report conveys the strong linkage between the Company s sustainability goals and our growth strategy, inclusive of the planned and ongoing expansion of the Company s recycling and renewable energy businesses. Our 2025 Sustainability Report referenced above does not constitute a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement or any report we file with (or furnish to) the SEC. 2026 Proxy Statement | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS THE AUDIT COMMITTEE Members: Number of Meetings Held in 2025: 9 William B. Plummer, Chair Bruce E. Chinn Andr s R. Gluski Victoria M. Holt Kathleen M. Mazzarella Sean E. Menke Mr. Plummer has been the Chair of our Audit Committee since May 2020. Each member of our Audit Committee satisfies the additional New York Stock Exchange independence standards for audit committees set forth in Section 10A of the Exchange Act. Our Board of Directors has determined that Audit Committee Chair Mr. Plummer, Mr. Chinn, Mr. Gluski, Ms. Holt, Ms. Mazzarella and Mr. Menke are audit committee financial experts as defined by the SEC based on a thorough review of their education and financial and public company experience. Additional information regarding our directors expertise and qualifications is available under Election of Directors below. Key Functions The Audit Committee s duties are set forth in a written charter that was approved by the Board of Directors. A copy of the charter can be found by accessing the Sustainability Governance Corporate Governance section of investors.wm.com. The Audit Committee generally is responsible for overseeing all matters relating to our financial statements and reporting, independent auditors and internal audit function. As part of its function, the Audit Committee reports the results of all of its reviews to the full Board. In fulfilling its duties, the Audit Committee has the following responsibilities: Administrative Responsibilities Report to the Board, at least annually, all public company audit committee memberships by members of the Audit Committee; Perform an annual review of its performance relative to its charter and report the results of its evaluation to the full Board; and Provide an orientation program for new Audit Committee members. Financial Statements Review financial statements and Forms 10-K and 10-Q with management and the independent auditor; Review all earnings press releases and discuss with management the type of earnings guidance that we provide to analysts and rating agencies; Discuss with the independent auditor any material changes to our accounting principles and matters required to be communicated by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) Auditing Standard No. 1301 Communications with Audit Committees; Review our financial reporting, accounting and auditing practices with management, the independent auditor and our internal auditors; Review management s and the independent auditor s assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting; and Review executive officer certifications related to our reports and filings. Independent Auditor Engage an independent auditor, determine the auditor s compensation and replace the auditor if necessary; Review the independence of the independent auditor and establish our policies for hiring current or former employees of the independent auditor; Evaluate the lead partner of our independent audit team and review a report, at least annually, describing the independent auditor s internal control procedures; and Pre-approve all services, including non-audit engagements, provided by the independent auditor. Internal Audit Review the plans, staffing, reports and activities of the internal auditors; and Review and establish procedures for receiving, retaining and handling complaints, including anonymous complaints by our employees, regarding accounting, internal controls and auditing matters. 8 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT The role of the Audit Committee is, among other things, to oversee the Company s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors, to recommend to the Board whether the Company s financial statements should be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and to select the independent auditor for ratification by stockholders. Company management is responsible for the Company s financial statements as well as for its financial reporting process, accounting principles and internal controls. The Company s independent auditors are responsible for performing an audit of the Company s financial statements and expressing an opinion as to the conformity of such financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the Company s audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, and has taken the following steps in making its recommendation that the Company s financial statements be included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Audit Committee discussed with Ernst Young LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2025, those matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and the SEC, including information regarding the scope and results of the audit. These communications and discussions are intended to assist the Audit Committee in overseeing the financial reporting and disclosure process. The Audit Committee discussed with Ernst Young LLP its independence and received from Ernst Young LLP a letter concerning independence as required under applicable independence standards for auditors of public companies. This discussion and disclosure helped the Audit Committee in evaluating such independence. The Audit Committee also considered whether the provision of other non-audit services to the Company is compatible with the auditor s independence. The Audit Committee met periodically with members of management, the internal auditors and Ernst Young LLP to review and discuss internal controls over financial reporting. Further, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed management s report on internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, as well as Ernst Young LLP s report regarding the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed, with the Company s management and Ernst Young LLP, the Company s audited consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2025, and consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, including the quality, not just the acceptability, of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments and the clarity of the disclosure. The Audit Committee discussed with the Company s internal auditors and independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans of their respective audits. The Audit Committee meets periodically with both the internal auditors and independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations and their evaluations of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. The members of the Audit Committee are not engaged in the accounting or auditing profession and, consequently, are not experts in matters involving auditing or accounting. In the performance of their oversight function, the members of the Audit Committee necessarily relied upon the information, opinions, reports and statements presented to them by Company management and by the independent registered public accounting firm. Based on the reviews and discussions explained above (and without other independent verification), the Audit Committee recommended to the Board (and the Board approved) that the Company s financial statements be included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. The Audit Committee has also approved the selection of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors William B. Plummer, Chair Bruce E. Chinn Andr s R. Gluski Victoria M. Holt Kathleen M. Mazzarella Sean E. Menke 2026 Proxy Statement | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS THE MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Members: Number of Meetings Held in 2025: 5 Andr s R. Gluski, Chair Thomas L. Ben Kathleen M. Mazzarella William B. Plummer Maryrose T. Sylvester Mr. Gluski has served as the Chair of our MD C Committee since May 2021. Each member of our MD C Committee is independent in accordance with the rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange. Key Functions Our MD C Committee is responsible for overseeing our executive officer compensation, as well as developing the Company s compensation philosophy generally. The MD C Committee s written charter, which was approved by the Board of Directors, can be found by accessing the Sustainability Governance Corporate Governance section of investors.wm.com. In fulfilling its duties, the MD C Committee has the following responsibilities: Review and establish policies governing the compensation and benefits of our executive officers; Approve the compensation of our executive officers and set the incentive plan goals for those individuals; Conduct an annual evaluation of our Chief Executive Officer by all independent directors and set his compensation; Oversee the administration of our equity-based incentive plans; Review the results of the stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation and consider any implications of such voting results on the Company s compensation programs; Recommend to the full Board new Company compensation and benefit plans or changes to our existing plans; Evaluate and recommend to the Board the compensation paid to our non-employee directors; Review the independence of the MD C Committee s compensation consultant annually; and Perform an annual review of its performance relative to its charter and report the results of its evaluation to the full Board. In overseeing compensation matters, the MD C Committee may delegate authority for day-to-day administration and interpretation of the Company s plans, including selection of participants, determination of award levels within plan parameters, and approval of award documents, to Company employees. However, the MD C Committee may not delegate any authority to Company employees under those plans for matters affecting the compensation and benefits of the executive officers. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT The MD C Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in this Proxy Statement with management. Based on their review and discussions, the MD C Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Company s Proxy Statement. The Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors Andr s R. Gluski, Chair Thomas L. Ben Kathleen M. Mazzarella William B. Plummer Maryrose T. Sylvester 10 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION During 2025, Ms. Mazzarella, Ms. Sylvester and Messrs. Ben , Gluski and Plummer served on the MD C Committee. No member of the MD C Committee was an officer or employee of the Company during 2025; no member of the MD C Committee is a former officer of the Company; and during 2025, none of our executive officers served as a member of a board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers who serve on our Board of Directors or MD C Committee THE NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Members: Number of Meetings Held in 2025: 5 Victoria M. Holt, Chair Kathleen M. Mazzarella Sean E. Menke Maryrose T. Sylvester Ms. Holt was named Chair of our Nominating and Governance Committee in May 2023. Each member of our Nominating and Governance Committee is independent in accordance with the rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange. Key Functions The Nominating and Governance Committee has a written charter that has been approved by the Board of Directors and can be found by accessing the Sustainability Governance Corporate Governance section of investors.wm.com. It is the duty of the Nominating and Governance Committee to oversee matters regarding corporate governance. In fulfilling its duties, the Nominating and Governance Committee has the following responsibilities: Review and recommend the composition of our Board, and the nature and duties of each of our committees, in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines; Evaluate the charters of each of the committees and recommend directors to serve as committee chairs; Review individual director s performance in consultation with the Chair of the Board and review the overall effectiveness of the Board; Recommend retirement policies for the Board, the terms for directors and the proper ratio of employee directors to non-employee directors; Perform an annual review of its performance relative to its charter and report the results of its evaluation to the full Board; Review stockholder proposals received for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement and recommend action to be taken with regard to the proposals to the Board; and Identify and recommend to the Board candidates to fill director vacancies. The Nominating and Governance Committee is continually engaged in reviewing the skills, expertise and qualifications of our existing directors, as well as potential external candidates, to identify and nominate the best possible candidates to guide and support the Company s strategy and its commitment to serve and care for our customers, the environment, the communities in which we work and our stockholders. This is a process that the Nominating and Governance Committee believes should continue to involve significant subjective judgments. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers current and future needs of the Board as a whole and reviews a matrix of experience, skills and expertise to inform nominee criteria. The Committee recommends individuals as nominees based on an evaluation of all factors deemed relevant, including personal and professional integrity and sound judgment, business and professional skills and experience, independence, possible conflicts of interest, diversity and the potential for effectiveness, in conjunction with the other directors, to serve the long-term interests of the stockholders. The Committee seeks diversity of background, thoughts and opinions on the Board obtained through, among other factors, diversity in business experience, professional expertise, gender and racial / ethnic background. The Nominating and Governance Committee has considered the gender and racial / ethnic composition of our Board, including the presence of three women, Mr. Plummer s and Mr. Chinn s self-identification as African American / Black and Mr. Gluski s self-identification as Hispanic, and believes these factors, among numerous others, contribute to a valuable diversity of background, thoughts and opinions on our Board. 2026 Proxy Statement | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS When nominating or re-nominating individuals to serve as directors of the Company, the Nominating and Governance Committee also considers prior contributions to the Board, evaluation feedback, tenure and age of the Board as a whole and tenure and age of the individual. The Nominating and Governance Committee takes into account the nature and extent of the directors other commitments when determining whether to re-nominate that individual for election to the Board. In addition to complying with the limitations on public company board memberships set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Committee expects each director to ensure that his or her other commitments do not interfere with his or her duties as a director of the Company. The Committee s primary formal mechanism to support Board refreshment is the retirement age policy set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, which includes the guideline that directors will not stand for reelection to the Board after reaching age 75 unless the Nominating and Governance Committee, having considered the foregoing factors, recommends otherwise. The Committee believes that existing practices have been effective at bringing in new expertise and perspectives, while also maintaining the valuable industry knowledge, experience and stability that our longer-tenured directors provide. The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider all potential nominees on their merits, regardless of source, and welcomes suggestions from directors, members of management, and stockholders. Before being recommended for nomination by the Committee, director candidates are interviewed by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee, and the Non-Executive Chair of the Board, as well as additional members of the Board and an external consultant. To suggest a nominee for consideration by the Nominating and Governance Committee, you should submit your candidate s name, together with biographical information and his or her written consent to nomination to the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee at Waste Management, Inc., 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002, between November 1, 2026, and December 1, 2026. Related Party Transactions The Board of Directors has adopted a written Related Party Transactions Policy for the review and approval of related party transactions. Our policy generally defines related party transactions as current or proposed transactions since the beginning of the last fiscal year in excess of $120,000 in which (a) the Company is a participant and (b) any director; executive officer; immediate family member of any director or executive officer; or party known to be the owner of more than 5% of the Company s Common Stock has a direct or indirect material interest. In addition, the policy sets forth certain transactions that will not be considered related party transactions, including (a) executive officer compensation and benefit arrangements; (b) director compensation arrangements; (c) business travel and expenses, advances and reimbursements in the ordinary course of business; (d) indemnification payments and advancement of expenses, and payments under directors and officers indemnification insurance policies; (e) any transaction between the Company and any entity in which a related party has a relationship solely as a director; a less than 10% equity holder; a beneficial owner of the Company s Common Stock that reports such ownership on a Schedule 13G due to lack of control or intent to influence control; or an employee (other than an executive officer) and (f) purchases of Company debt securities, provided that the related party has a passive ownership of no more than 2% of the principal amount of any outstanding series. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing the policy. All executive officers and directors are required to notify the Chief Legal Officer as soon as practicable of any potential related party transaction that involves the Company. The Chief Legal Officer will determine whether such transaction or relationship constitutes a related party transaction that must be referred to the Nominating and Governance Committee. In the event that the Chief Legal Officer is a participant in a potential related party transaction, the determination whether the transaction must be referred to the Nominating and Governance Committee shall be made by the Chief Executive Officer, with consultation from the Corporate Secretary and the Chief Compliance and Ethics Officer. Any member of the Committee who has an interest in a transaction presented for consideration will abstain from voting on the related party transaction. The Nominating and Governance Committee will review a detailed description of the transaction, including the terms of the transaction; the business purpose of the transaction; the benefits to the Company and to the relevant related party; and whether the transaction would require a waiver of the Company s Code of Conduct. 12 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS In determining whether to approve a related party transaction, the Nominating and Governance Committee will consider, among other things, the following factors: whether the terms of the related party transaction are fair to the Company and such terms would be reasonable in an arms-length transaction; whether there are business reasons for the Company to enter into the related party transaction; whether the related party transaction would impair the independence of any non-employee director; whether the related party transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any director or executive officer of the Company; and whether the related party transaction is material to the Company or the individual. The Nominating and Governance Committee s consideration of related party transactions and its determination of whether to approve such a transaction are reflected in the minutes of the Nominating and Governance Committee s meetings. Based on its review processes for potential related party transactions in 2025, the Company identified one continuing transaction that the Nominating and Governance Committee had previously considered and approved. The Nominating and Governance Committee re-reviewed the employment relationship set forth below and again concluded that it is not inconsistent with the interests of the Company and its stockholders. Other than as reported below, we are not aware of any other transactions in 2025 that are required to be disclosed. John Morris is our President and Chief Operating Officer. The brother-in-law of Mr. Morris continues to be employed by a subsidiary of Waste Management, Inc. as a Senior Manager of Talent Management Learning Optimization. In 2025, Mr. Morris s brother-in-law received total cash compensation in excess of $120,000, but less than $230,000. The compensation of Mr. Morris s brother-in-law is determined in accordance with the compensation practices generally applicable to employees of Company subsidiaries with comparable qualifications and responsibilities and holding similar positions, and without the involvement, input or approval of Mr. Morris. Mr. Morris is not directly or indirectly responsible for managing or overseeing the work of his brother-in-law. Board of Directors Governing Documents Stockholders may obtain copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the charters of the Audit Committee, the MD C Committee, and the Nominating and Governance Committee, and our Code of Conduct free of charge by contacting the Corporate Secretary at Waste Management, Inc., 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002 or by accessing the Sustainability Governance Corporate Governance section of investors.wm.com. Non-Employee Director Compensation Our non-employee director compensation program consists of equity awards and cash consideration. Director compensation is reviewed annually by the MD C Committee, with the assistance of an independent third-party consultant, and set by action of the Board of Directors. The Board s goal in designing directors compensation is to provide a competitive package that will enable the Company to attract and retain highly skilled individuals with relevant experience. The compensation is also designed to reward the time and talent required to serve on the board of a company of our size and complexity. The Board seeks to provide sufficient flexibility in the form of compensation delivered to meet the needs of different individuals while ensuring that a substantial portion of directors compensation is linked to the long-term success of the Company. 2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation Changes In 2025, the MD C Committee conducted its annual review of non-employee director compensation with the assistance of the independent third-party consultant. Following that review, the MD C Committee recommended, and the Board of Directors approved, the following increases in non-employee director compensation, and such increases took effect with the next installments that were paid or granted in July 2025: (a) annual grant of Common Stock increased from $180,000 to $190,000 and (b) annual cash retainer increased from $120,000 to $125,000. Additionally, the MD C Committee recommended, and the Board of Directors approved, a change to the frequency of equity grants made to non-employee directors, from equal installments made semi-annually, to a single, annual grant made shortly after the Company s 2026 Proxy Statement | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS annual meeting of stockholders for the forthcoming year of service. All non-employee director compensation is paid in advance and is not subject to proration in the event of retirement or resignation. Equity Compensation Non-employee directors receive grants of shares of Common Stock under the Company s current stock incentive plan. Any director serving as Non-Executive Chair of the Board receives an additional grant of Common Stock valued at approximately $100,000 per year. The shares are fully vested at the time of grant; however, non-employee directors are required to hold all net shares throughout their tenure on the Board and are subject to ownership guidelines, as discussed below. Grants of shares were historically made in equal installments semi-annually; accordingly, in January 2025, each non-employee director received a grant of Common Stock valued at approximately $90,000, and Ms. Mazzarella received an additional grant of Common Stock valued at approximately $50,000, as compensation for service from January 15 to July 15, 2025. As discussed in the paragraph above, the Board approved a change to the frequency of equity grants made to non-employee directors, and non-employee director equity grants will therefore be made as a single, annual grant for the forthcoming year of service going forward. In order to align timing of the equity grants with the newly approved timetable, each non-employee director received a grant of Common Stock valued at approximately $95,000 plus an additional $63,333 (for a total of $158,333) in July 2025 as compensation for service from July 15, 2025 to May 15, 2026. Ms. Mazzarella also received an additional grant of Common Stock valued at approximately $83,333 in July 2025 as compensation for service as Non-Executive Chair of the Board from July 15, 2025 to May 15, 2026. The number of shares issued is based on the market value of our Common Stock on the grant date. On or about May 15, 2026, following the Annual Meeting, each non-employee director serving at the time will receive an annual grant of Common Stock valued at approximately $190,000, and any director serving as Non-Executive Chair of the Board will receive an additional annual grant of Common Stock valued at approximately $100,000. Cash Compensation Non-employee directors received an annual cash retainer of $125,000 for Board service in 2025. Cash compensation payments have historically been made in equal installments semi-annually, on or about January 15 and July 15. Unlike the equity compensation payments discussed above, cash compensation payments will continue to be made in equal installments semi-annually. Committee chairs received the additional annual retainer payments set forth below. Directors do not receive meeting fees in addition to the retainers. The annual cash retainer is paid in advance in two equal installments in January and July of each year. Annual Chair Retainers: $100,000 for Non-Executive Chair of the Board $25,000 for Audit Committee Chair $20,000 for MD C Committee Chair $20,000 for Nominating and Governance Committee Chair Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors Our non-employee directors are subject to ownership guidelines that establish a minimum ownership level and require that all net shares received in connection with a stock award, after selling shares to pay all applicable taxes, be held throughout their tenure as a director. The ownership guideline for non-employee directors is equal to five times the non-employee directors annualized cash retainer. As of December 31, 2025, this amount was $625,000. There is no deadline for non-employee directors to reach their ownership guideline; however, the MD C Committee performs regular reviews to confirm that all non-employee directors are in compliance or are showing sustained progress toward achievement of their ownership guideline. Based on the closing price of our Common Stock on March 17, 2026, all non-employee directors have reached the ownership guideline with the exception of our newest director, Mr. Ben , who is making appropriate progress toward the ownership guideline. Additionally, our Insider Trading Policy provides that directors are not permitted to hedge their ownership of Company securities, including trading in options, warrants, puts and calls or similar derivative instruments on any security of the Company or selling any security of the Company short. 14 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2025 Director Compensation Table The table below shows the aggregate cash paid, and stock awards issued, to the non-employee directors in 2025 in accordance with the descriptions set forth above: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Total ($) Thomas L. Ben 122,500 248,268 370,768 Bruce E. Chinn 122,500 248,268 370,768 Andr s R. Gluski 142,500 248,268 390,768 Victoria M. Holt 142,500 248,268 390,768 Kathleen M. Mazzarella 222,500 381,814 604,314 Sean E. Menke 122,500 248,268 370,768 William B. Plummer 147,500 248,268 395,768 Maryrose T. Sylvester 122,500 248,268 370,768 (1) Amounts in this column represent the grant date fair value of stock awards granted in 2025, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. The grant date fair value of the awards is equal to the number of shares issued multiplied by the average of the high and low market price of our Common Stock on each date of grant; there are no assumptions used in the valuation of shares. As described under Equity Compensation above, stock awards were granted to non-employee directors in 2025 as compensation for the time period from January 15, 2025 to May 15, 2026, in order to transition to a new timetable under which equity awards will be made in a single annual grant, rather than in semi-annual installments, going forward. As a result, the amounts in the column reflect equity compensation for a 16-month service period. 2026 Proxy Statement | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Item 1 on the Proxy Card Director Nominees) The first item on the proxy card is the election of nine directors to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified. The Board has nominated the nine director candidates named below and recommends that you vote FOR their election. Each of the director nominees currently serves on our Board of Directors. If any nominee is unable or unwilling to serve as a director, which we do not anticipate, the Board, by resolution, may reduce the number of directors that constitute the Board or may choose a substitute. To be elected, a director must receive a majority of the votes cast with respect to that director at the meeting. Our Company s By-laws provide that if the number of shares voted for any director nominee does not exceed 50% of the votes cast with respect to that director, he or she will tender his or her resignation to the Board of Directors contingent on the acceptance of such resignation by the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee will then make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board will act on the resignation, taking into account the Nominating and Governance Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision and the rationale behind it within 90 days of the date of the certification of the election results. Below we present biographical information of each director nominee, as well as information about the qualifications, skills and areas of expertise that make each of these individuals a valuable member of our Board and that were considered by the Board when nominating them for re-election. Definitions of the categories of skill and expertise presented in the following chart are provided below. This is intended as a high-level summary to support an understanding of director qualifications and is not an exhaustive list of the areas of skill and expertise that our director nominees contribute to the Board. BOARD COMPOSITION, SKILLS AND EXPERTISE 16 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Ben Chinn Fish Gluski Holt Mazzarella Menke Plummer Sylvester SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Executive Leadership Public Company Board and Governance Strategic Planning Operational Excellence Financial Expertise and Capital Allocation Human Capital Management Sustainability/ Environmental/ Renewable Energy Digital / Information Technology / Cybersecurity Risk Management DEMOGRAPHICS Gender Male Male Male Male Female Female Male Male Female Race/Ethnicity White/ Caucasian Black/ African American White/ Caucasian Hispanic White/ Caucasian White/ Caucasian White/ Caucasian Black/ African American White/ Caucasian Each director nominee s identification of the top four categories of skill and expertise through which they contribute to the Board. This is not an indication that any director nominee does not possess any particular category of skill or expertise, but rather, a targeted reflection of the key areas through which each director nominee supports the effectiveness of the Board and furthers the long-term success of the Company Each director nominee s identification of additional categories of skill and expertise in which they have substantial experience and in-depth knowledge 2026 Proxy Statement | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Executive Leadership Public Company Board and Governance Strategic Planning Directors who hold or have held significant executive leadership positions with large organizations provide unique insights. These individuals have valuable experience developing talent and solving problems in large, complex organizations and can capably and confidently advise the Company s senior leadership team on a wide range of issues. These individuals often possess extraordinary leadership qualities and have the ability to identify and develop these qualities in others. Directors with a history of service on other public company boards help our Board function effectively by drawing on knowledge of governance best practices. These individuals bring a practical understanding of organizations and processes and the importance of management accountability, transparency, and the protection of stockholder interests. These individuals help our Board structure and execute its independent oversight of management. Directors with experience developing and driving the strategic direction and growth of large organizations provide valuable guidance to the Company s senior leadership team. These individuals have expertise in areas including transformation, innovation and change management. These individuals often also have sophisticated experience in growth through large corporate transactions, including mergers acquisitions. Operational Excellence Financial Expertise and Capital Allocation Human Capital Management Directors with experience in a significant operations role help the Company to develop, implement and assess its operating plan and capital plan and execute on commitments to cost optimization and continuous improvement. Individuals with extensive operational experience in heavily regulated industries, including a focus on capital intensive and labor intensive businesses with sophisticated logistics, transportation and supply chain elements, provide valuable insights on management s ability to operate effectively and efficiently. Directors with a deep understanding of finance and financial reporting lead our Board s oversight of financial performance and robust internal controls. These individuals have expertise in designing and implementing financing and capital allocation strategies, evaluating stockholder returns and accessing capital markets. These individuals have knowledge of corporate finance and accounting standards necessary for effective oversight of public company financial reporting. Directors with experience in human capital management provide valuable guidance in support of the Company s People First strategy. These individuals understand the dynamics of attracting, motivating, and retaining talented and engaged employees. These individuals have expertise in talent management, succession planning and creating a diverse and inclusive workplace that prioritizes safety as a core value. Sustainability/Environmental/ Renewable Energy Digital/Information Technology/ Cybersecurity Risk Management Directors with experience overseeing development, implementation and assessment of sustainability strategies, and risks and opportunities related to sustainability and provision of environmental services, support the Company s ability to deliver on its sustainability growth strategy, goals and commitments. These individuals understand the importance of linking sustainability and renewable energy to the creation of long-term stockholder value, while also operating in an environmentally sound and responsible manner. These individuals also understand the regulatory environment in which the Company operates and the connection of sustainability and corporate responsibility to the Company s long-standing commitment to environmental stewardship. Directors with experience in digital and information technology leadership provide valuable perspectives on technology innovation, digital solutions, innovative business models, data analytics, e-commerce applications, marketing strategy and cyber risks. These individuals are particularly engaged in our Board s oversight of the Company s comprehensive information security and cybersecurity programs. These individuals also bring knowledge of use of technology to further the Company s strategy to enhance customer experience and reduce costs and labor intensity through automation. Directors that have participated in development, implementation and evaluation of sophisticated risk management programs are critical in helping our Board fulfill its responsibilities with respect to risk oversight and mitigation. These individuals have experience in effectively identifying, prioritizing and managing a broad spectrum of complex and significant risks facing a large public company. 18 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS T homas L. B en Age: 63 Director since: March 2024 Board Committee: Management Development Compensation P osition and B usiness E xperience President and Chief Executive Officer Breakthru Beverage Group, LLC (private beverage wholesale distributor) since October 2021. Former President and Chief Executive Officer National Restaurant Association, served from 2020 to September 2021. Former President and Chief Executive Officer Sysco Corporation (multinational wholesale restaurant distributor), served from 2018 to 2020. Director of Sysco Corporation from 2018 to 2020. Q ualifications Tom Ben has four decades of experience executing on strategic business priorities and delivering financial growth for large companies. Since 2021, he has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Breakthru Beverage Group, where he is focused on leading the company through a period of growth and expansion by driving new capabilities and innovation. Prior to his current role, he held several operations and business leadership roles at Sysco Corporation, including serving as President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman. Before joining Sysco in 2013, Mr. Ben spent over 20 years at PepsiCo in numerous roles of increasing responsibility and scale. Mr. Ben has a proven track record of driving growth and modernizing business models throughout his career. Through his prior operations and management positions, Mr. Ben has gained valuable insight and knowledge in the areas of leadership and management development, corporate strategy development, merchandising, sales, marketing, revenue management, shared services and distribution and supply chain management. Mr. Ben shares his deep experience in logistics, as well as his focus on differentiation through the use of technology and providing outstanding customer service, to further our Company s growth and optimization strategy. In addition, his dedication to employee development complements the Company s People First commitment. Mr. Ben holds a bachelor of science degree in business administration from the University of Kansas. 2026 Proxy Statement | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS B ruce E. C hinn Age: 69 Director since: February 2023 Board Committee: Audit P osition and B usiness E xperience Retired President and Chief Executive Officer Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC, or CPChem, (global petrochemical joint venture of Chevron USA Inc. and Philips 66 Company), served from April 2021 to March 2024; has continued serving as Executive Advisor and Consultant to CPChem since March 2024. Director of CPChem from 2020 to March 2024. Also served as President, Chemicals for Chevron Corporation (multinational energy corporation) from 2020 to March 2021 and President, Chevron Oronite (global lubricant and fuel additives business) for Chevron Corporation from 2018 to 2020. Director of Celanese Corporation since September 2024. Q ualifications Before his retirement in 2024 from the positions of President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of CPChem, Bruce Chinn focused on leading the company through a period of sustainable growth. Mr. Chinn has over 40 years of experience driving operational, safety, and financial results. Previously, he held several operations and business roles at Chevron Corporation, leading large, diverse organizations. In these roles, Mr. Chinn focused on performance, partnership, and safety, while striving for continued success in the business and community. Mr. Chinn began his career at DuPont, where he held positions of increasing responsibility in manufacturing, technical, commercial and business leadership at the U.S. and international level. Mr. Chinn brings extensive knowledge of circular solutions and renewable energy that is aligned with our Company s strategic focus on making sustainability growth investments in our recycling and renewable energy businesses. His operations leadership expertise bolsters our continued efforts to drive operating efficiencies, enhance our safety culture and differentiate our service offerings. Mr. Chinn s broad and expansive dedication to operating excellence and developing strong corporate culture provides valuable perspective to the Board, and his experience allows him to share specific insight into focus areas such as renewable energy transition, environmental regulation and compliance, international exposure and risk management. Mr. Chinn serves as a board director for the Texas A M University Association of Former Students. Mr. Chinn holds a bachelor of science degree in chemical engineering from Texas A M University. 20 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS J ames C. F ish , J r . Age: 63 Director since: November 2016 P osition and B usiness E xperience Chief Executive Officer and Director Waste Management, Inc. since 2016; also served as President from 2016 May 2025. Director of Caterpillar Inc. since March 2023. Q ualifications Jim Fish has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a Director since 2016, and served as our President from 2016 until May 2025. For nearly 25 years, Mr. Fish has held several key positions in our Company, including President and Chief Financial Officer; Senior Vice President Eastern Group; Area Vice President for Pennsylvania and West Virginia; Market Area General Manager for Massachusetts and Rhode Island; Vice President of Price Management; and Director of Financial Planning and Analysis. Before joining our Company, Mr. Fish held finance and revenue management positions at Westex, a Yellow-Roadway subsidiary, Trans World Airlines, and America West Airlines. He began his professional career at KPMG Peat Marwick. Mr. Fish s extensive leadership and operational experience, together with his tremendous understanding of the environmental services industry, are instrumental to the development and successful execution of our growth strategy to deliver stockholder value. Additionally, through his professional and educational experience, Mr. Fish has developed valuable expertise in accounting, external reporting, investor relations, human capital and performance management, and risk management. Mr. Fish oversees our Digital organization and participates directly in matters related to cybersecurity and information security risk mitigation and response strategies. As North America s largest comprehensive environmental solutions provider, sustainability is embedded in all aspects of our business. As our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Fish has a thorough understanding of the risks and opportunities presented in the areas of sustainability and environmental protection. Mr. Fish is deeply involved in our efforts to mitigate such risks and capitalize on such opportunities in order to deliver on our brand promise, ALWAYS WORKING FOR A SUSTAINABLE TOMORROW . An important part of WM s people-first culture is the diversity of the Company s workforce, which includes nearly 63,000 employees. Mr. Fish s active engagement with employees at all levels of the organization reflects his commitment to fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel valued and connected to the Company s long-term success. Mr. Fish earned a bachelor s degree in accounting from Arizona State University and a master s degree in business administration, with emphasis on finance, from the University of Chicago. In addition to the public company board service listed above, Mr. Fish currently serves on the board of the Greater Houston Partnership. 2026 Proxy Statement | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS A ndr s R. G luski Age: 68 Director since: January 2015 Board Committees: Audit and Management Development Compensation (Chair) P osition and B usiness E xperience President, Chief Executive Officer and Director The AES Corporation (global energy company) since 2011. Q ualifications Andr s Gluski has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of The AES Corporation, a Fortune 500 global energy company, since 2011. Mr. Gluski began his tenure at AES in 2000 and previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Under his leadership, AES has become a leader in implementing clean technologies, including energy storage and renewable power. Through his professional experience, Mr. Gluski has extensive knowledge with respect to evaluating renewable energy strategies, and he has developed expertise in considering and evaluating climate-related risks and opportunities, which is directly applicable to our business and our sustainability growth strategy. Mr. Gluski also has experience in the development of sustainability and corporate social responsibility goals, as well as oversight of compliance programs. Prior to joining AES, Mr. Gluski served in a broad range of roles in the public and private sectors, including working as Executive Vice President of Corporate and Investment Banking in Grupo Santander. Mr. Gluski served as a member of the President s Export Council from 2013 to 2016 and served as an expert witness at U.S. Congressional hearings on the subject of energy policy. He currently serves as Chairman of Council of the Americas and co-chair of the World Economic Forum s Electricity Industry community. Mr. Gluski has also focused on shaping an innovative workplace at AES with a diverse and inclusive culture throughout the world. These efforts have given Mr. Gluski valuable expertise in the areas of human capital management, diversity and inclusion that he utilizes in his role as Chair of the Management Development Compensation Committee of the Board. Mr. Gluski has been named amongst the 100 Most Influential Latinos by Latino Leaders Magazine. The depth and breadth of Mr. Gluski s international business and finance background, and experience in managing growth opportunities while focusing on operational innovation, allow him to provide invaluable risk management, government affairs, public policy, public relations, communications and investor relations insight in his role as a member of the Board. Mr. Gluski holds a bachelor s degree from Wake Forest University, as well as a master s degree and a PhD in economics from the University of Virginia. 22 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS V ictoria M. H olt Age: 68 Director since: January 2013 Board Committees: Audit and Nominating Governance (Chair) P osition and B usiness E xperience Retired President and Chief Executive Officer Proto Labs, Inc. (online and technology-enabled quick-turn manufacturer), served from 2014 to March 2021; also served as Director from 2014 May 2021. Director of Piper Sandler Companies since 2019. Director of A. O. Smith Corp. since April 2021. Q ualifications Victoria Holt joined Proto Labs, Inc. as President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director in 2014, retiring in 2021. With manufacturing facilities in five countries, Proto Labs is a leading e-commerce technology enabled digital manufacturer of custom prototypes and on-demand product parts. Ms. Holt began her career at Monsanto Company, where she held various assignments of increasing responsibility before moving to Solutia, Inc., a divestiture of the Monsanto Company s chemical business, as Vice President and General Manager Performance Films. Ms. Holt later held various roles with PPG Industries, Inc., a leading coatings and specialty products company, including Senior Vice President of Glass and Fiber Glass. Ms. Holt then served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Spartech Corporation, a leading provider of plastic sheet, compounds and packaging products, until its sale to PolyOne in 2013. Ms. Holt has a diverse international business background serving a wide spectrum of customers looking for sustainable solutions across diverse end markets including plastics, materials, automotive, medical, aerospace, consumer and general industrial. Ms. Holt brings passion and extensive experience in the areas of sustainable innovation, environmental solutions, plastics operations and management and recycling to the Board. Ms. Holt s proven success leading large global companies across a broad range of manufacturing, chemical and materials industries has demonstrated her deep understanding of risk management, operations, strategic planning and performance measurement. Ms. Holt provides tremendous insight into the areas of continuous improvement, use of data analytics, e-commerce, digitally connected operations and execution of our technology-led, sustainability-linked strategy to grow our business and mitigate climate risks. Ms. Holt has developed expertise in corporate governance through her service, including holding committee leadership roles, on the public company boards listed above as well as private company boards, and she shares this expertise with the Company s Board in her position as Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Ms. Holt holds a bachelor s degree in chemistry from Duke University and a master s degree in business administration from Pace University. Ms. Holt has completed the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Cyber Risk Oversight Program and earned the CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight. 2026 Proxy Statement | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS K athleen M. M azzarella Age: 66 Director since: October 2015 Chair of the Board since: May 2023 Board Committees: Audit, Management Development Compensation and Nominating Governance P osition and B usiness E xperience Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Graybar Electric Company, Inc. (distributor of electrical, industrial, automation and connectivity products and provider of related supply chain management and logistics services) since 2013. Director of Cigna Corporation since 2018. Director of Core Main since 2019. Q ualifications Kathleen Mazzarella has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Graybar Electric Company, Inc. since 2012, and as Chairman since 2013. During her more than 45-year tenure at Graybar, Ms. Mazzarella has held numerous executive-level positions in operations, sales, human resources, strategic planning and marketing, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing and Senior Vice President Human Resources and Strategic Planning. Ms. Mazzarella has been instrumental in developing and communicating Graybar s commitment to sustainability initiatives. Graybar focuses on sustainability in the way it operates and in the innovative solutions it provides to its customers. The company offers energy-saving products, renewable energy solutions and supply chain services that support sustainable construction, renovation and maintenance of infrastructure and facilities. The company also invests in the communities it serves and emphasizes integrity, inclusion and opportunity for all employees. Ms. Mazzarella brings her deep and valuable experience leading a diverse range of business functions necessary for an employee-driven, customer-focused business, similar to our Company. Through her role as Chief Executive Officer and her service on the board of directors and key committees for other public companies, she has developed expertise in the evolving social and corporate governance landscape. In addition to her experience overseeing financial reporting and controls, technology systems and platforms, and other functional and operational areas, she has particular experience in the area of human capital management, including succession planning, diversity and inclusion initiatives, and oversight of corporate culture. Ms. Mazzarella also brings expertise in labor relations, public policy, operational innovation and strategic planning. Ms. Mazzarella holds an associate degree in telecommunications engineering, a bachelor s degree in applied behavioral sciences from National Louis University, and a master s degree in business administration from Webster University. In addition to the public company boards listed above, Ms. Mazzarella also serves as Chair of the board of the National Association of Wholesaler-Distributors (NAW) and previously served on the board of the NAW Institute for Distribution Excellence. Ms. Mazzarella previously served as Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, and she has experience serving on various organizational and charitable boards including the United Way of Greater St. Louis and the executive committee of Greater St. Louis, Inc. 24 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS S ean E. M enke Age: 57 Director since: March 2021 Board Committees: Audit and Nominating Governance P osition and B usiness E xperience Former Chief Executive Officer of Sabre Corporation (software and technology solutions provider to the travel industry) from 2016 to April 2023 and former President of Sabre Corporation from 2016 to December 2021. Executive Chairman of the Board of Sabre Corporation from April 2022 to April 2024; Director of Sabre Corporation from 2016 to April 2024. Director of JetBlue Airways Corp. since September 2024. Q ualifications Having recently served as Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors of Sabre Corporation, Sean Menke has experience heading a global network of development, sales, operations and corporate functions. In 2015, Mr. Menke joined Sabre as president of Sabre Travel Network, Sabre s largest line of business. Under Mr. Menke s leadership, Sabre won major new business opportunities, increased global market share, secured Sabre s position as the leading global distribution system in North America, Latin America and Asia-Pacific, and led innovation to enable sales of more customized fares and ancillary products that help drive the changing travel industry landscape. Before joining Sabre, Mr. Menke spent more than 20 years in executive leadership roles in the airline industry. He served as Chief Executive Officer at Frontier Airlines and at Pinnacle Airlines, and he held senior level marketing, operations, customer experience, strategy, planning, sales, distribution and revenue management roles, including with Air Canada and Hawaiian Airlines. He also served as Executive Vice President at IHS Inc., a global information technology company. Mr. Menke is a proven transformation leader and uses his extensive experience in technology and transportation operations to bring together strategy and data to address complex issues as a member of the Board. His expertise in logistics and commitment to delivering efficient, customer-focused innovation through imaginative technology-led solutions helps advance our strategy to differentiate our services. Mr. Menke has extensive executive experience in technology-driven companies and brings to the Board a strong understanding of both enterprise technology transformation and cybersecurity oversight. He has experience overseeing cybersecurity and privacy risk mitigation efforts, including cyber intrusion response planning and remediation. In addition, during his tenure at Sabre, Mr. Menke led a multi-year modernization of Sabre s global technology infrastructure, leveraging advanced cloud-based solutions to deploy machine learning and generative artificial intelligence to support dynamic pricing optimization, software code augmentation and enhanced customer service automation. Mr. Menke holds a bachelor s degree in economics and aviation management from Ohio State University and a master s degree in business administration from the University of Denver. He recently completed the MIT Sloan + CSAIL Artificial Intelligence: Implication for Business Strategy Program with a focus on strategic integration of robotics, machine learning, and natural language processing in global organizations. 2026 Proxy Statement | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS W illiam B. P lummer Age: 67 Director since: August 2019 Board Committees: Audit (Chair) and Management Development Compensation P osition and B usiness E xperience Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer United Rentals, Inc. (world s largest equipment rental company), served from 2008 to 2018. Director of Global Payments Inc. since 2017. Director of Mason Industrial Technology, Inc. from February 2021 to February 2023. Director of Nesco Holdings, Inc. from 2019 to March 2021. Q ualifications William Plummer served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for United Rentals, Inc., where he was responsible for the development of the company s finance activities and investor relations, and he co-led its mergers, acquisitions and divestitures strategies. He also led the company s safety function and its data and analytics efforts. Mr. Plummer was instrumental in helping the company execute a strategy focused on improving the profitability of its core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, operational efficiencies and acquisitions. Mr. Plummer brought more than two decades of financial leadership experience when he joined United Rentals, having served in a several executive roles, including as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dow Jones Company, Inc., where he set policy for its global finance and corporate strategy functions. Prior to Dow Jones, Mr. Plummer was Vice President and Treasurer of Alcoa Inc., where he was responsible for global treasury policy and capital markets transactions. Mr. Plummer also held several executive positions at Mead Corporation, including President of its Gilbert Paper division, Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Planning, and Treasurer. Mr. Plummer brings extensive accounting, audit, internal control, and risk management experience to the Board and as Chair of the Audit Committee. In particular, he has first-hand experience developing, enhancing and overseeing risk management programs at large public companies, including identification and oversight of risks related to human capital, climate, cybersecurity and information technology. He provides insight based on his broad and substantial background in finance, logistics, operational improvement, mergers and acquisitions and capital markets transactions. He also brings valuable experience executing a customer-focused strategy, driving organic revenue growth and improving free cash flow. Mr. Plummer is deeply engaged in advancing and overseeing results from our Company s people-first strategic focus and diversity and inclusion initiatives. Mr. Plummer holds bachelor s and master s degrees in aeronautics and astronautics from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a master s degree in business administration from Stanford University. 26 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS M aryrose T. S ylvester Age: 60 Director since: March 2021 Board Committees: Management Development Compensation and Nominating Governance P osition and B usiness E xperience Retired U.S. Managing Director and U.S. Head of Electrification ABB Ltd. (global technology company focused on electrification, robotics, power and automation), served from 2019 to 2020. Former President and Chief Executive Officer Current, powered by GE (energy services and information technology subsidiary of General Electric subsequently acquired by private equity investors), served from 2015 to 2019. Director of Harley-Davidson, Inc. since 2016. Director of Vontier Corporation since March 2021. Director of Flex Ltd. since September 2022. Q ualifications As U.S. Managing Director and U.S. Head of Electrification for ABB Ltd., Maryrose Sylvester was responsible for ABB s largest geographical market and the implementation of operational innovations. Ms. Sylvester also championed the company s diversity and inclusion efforts and accelerated ABB s Encompass Diversity program. Prior to joining ABB Ltd., Ms. Sylvester spent more than 30 years at General Electric, where she held a number of leadership roles, including serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of each of GE Lighting, GE Intelligent Platforms, which focused on industrial automation, and GE Current, a digital power service business that delivers integrated energy systems. Ms. Sylvester was instrumental in launching the GE Women s Network. Ms. Sylvester is a strategic, growth-oriented leader with a focus on the areas of technology, innovation and automation. Through her prior experience, Ms. Sylvester has developed expertise in delivering technology-enabled and energy-efficient sustainable solutions. Ms. Sylvester provides experience and extensive knowledge of product development, marketing, technology and supply chain strategy to the Board. Ms. Sylvester has in-depth expertise in the area of improving energy efficiency in response to climate risk. Ms. Sylvester also shares insight from her prior experience to inform our strategy to improve processes and drive efficiency through automation. Ms. Sylvester is passionate about advancing diversity and inclusion and has expertise developing and driving such initiatives in the workplace. Ms. Sylvester also brings valuable governance experience from her service on the public company boards listed above. She holds a bachelor s degree in procurement and production management from Bowling Green State University and a master s degree in business administration from Cleveland State University. 2026 Proxy Statement | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR AND OFFICER STOCK OWNERSHIP Our Board of Directors has adopted stock ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors based on the recommendation of the MD C Committee, as described in the Non-Employee Director Compensation discussion. Our executive officers, including Mr. Fish, are also subject to stock ownership guidelines, as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. The Security Ownership of Management table below shows the number of shares of Common Stock each director and each individual named in the Summary Compensation Table beneficially owned as of March 17, 2026, as well as the number owned by all directors and currently-serving executive officers as a group. These individuals, both individually and in the aggregate, own less than 1% of our outstanding shares as of the record date. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT Name Shares of Common Stock Owned (1) Shares of Common Stock Covered by Exercisable Options (2) Thomas L. Ben (3) 2,126 Bruce E. Chinn (4) 2,868 Andr s R. Gluski 17,522 Victoria M. Holt (5) 23,020 Kathleen M. Mazzarella (6) 16,962 Sean E. Menke (7) 7,314 William B. Plummer (8) 7,539 Maryrose T. Sylvester 5,004 James C. Fish, Jr. (9) 320,402 66,898 Devina A. Rankin 36,909 David L. Reed 5,246 5,227 John J. Morris, Jr. 97,783 13,503 Tara J. Hemmer 69,788 20,121 Rafael E. Carrasco 15,540 36,854 All directors and currently-serving executive officers as a group (20 persons) (10) 732,829 302,421 (1) The table reports beneficial ownership in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. The amounts reported above include 4,338 stock equivalents attributed to Mr. Fish and 2,439 stock equivalents attributed to Mr. Morris, based on their holdings in the Company s 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan stock fund. The amounts reported above also include 94,844 shares of Common Stock deferred by Mr. Fish. Deferred shares were earned on account of vested equity awards and pay out in shares of Common Stock after the executive s departure from the Company pursuant to the Company s 409A Deferral Savings Plan ( 409A Deferral Plan ). Executive officers may choose a Waste Management stock fund as an investment option for deferred cash compensation under the Company s 409A Deferral Plan. Interests in the fund are considered phantom stock because they are equal in value to shares of our Common Stock, but these amounts are not invested in stock or funds. Phantom stock is not included in the table above, but it represents an investment risk based on the performance of our Common Stock. Mr. Morris has 2,648 phantom stock equivalents under the 409A Deferral Plan. (2) Includes the number of options currently exercisable and options that will become exercisable within 60 days of the record date. (3) Shares are held by the Thomas L. Ben and Susannah Harkins Ben Revocable Trust, for which Mr. Ben and his wife serve as trustees. (4) Shares are held by the Chinn Family Trust, for which Mr. Chinn and his wife serve as trustees. 28 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR AND OFFICER STOCK OWNERSHIP (5) Shares are held by the Victoria M. Holt Trust, for which Ms. Holt and her husband serve as trustees. (6) Shares are held by the Mazzarella Living Trust, for which Ms. Mazzarella and her husband serve as trustees. (7) Shares are held by ASM Assets, LP, an entity wholly-owned and controlled by Mr. Menke and his wife. (8) Of this total, 3,170 shares are held by TPO Collectibles LLC, an entity wholly-owned and controlled by Mr. Plummer and his wife. (9) Includes 95,977 shares held in trusts for the benefit of Mr. Fish s children. (10) Included in the All directors and executive officers as a group are 14,106 stock equivalents attributable to the executive officers collective holdings in the Company s 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan stock fund. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS The table below shows information for persons known to us to beneficially own more than 5% of our Common Stock based on their filings with the SEC through March 17, 2026. Shares Beneficially Owned Name and Address Number Percent (1) The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Boulevard Malvern, PA 19355 36,159,856 (2 ) 9.0 % William H. Gates III 500 Fifth Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109 Gates Foundation Trust 2365 Carillon Point Kirkland, WA 98033 28,934,344 (3 ) 7.2 % BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 28,665,838 (4 ) 7.1 % (1) Percentage is calculated based on 402,913,509 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 17, 2026. (2) This information is based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, which is the most recent Schedule 13G filed by the investor with respect to ownership of our Common Stock. The Vanguard Group reports that it has shared voting power over 521,224 shares of Common Stock, shared dispositive power over 1,655,291 shares of Common Stock and sole dispositive power over 34,504,565 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned. (3) This information is based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on November 14, 2025 which is the most recent Schedule 13G filed by the investor with respect to ownership of our Common Stock. Mr. Gates and the Gates Foundation Trust, formerly known as the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation Trust, each report shared voting and dispositive power over 28,934,344 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned. (4) This information is based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 26, 2024, which is the most recent Schedule 13G filed by the investor with respect to ownership of our Common Stock. BlackRock, Inc. reports that it has sole voting power over 25,826,390 shares of Common Stock and sole dispositive power over 28,665,838 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned. 2026 Proxy Statement | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following is a listing of our current executive officers, their ages and their business experience for the past five years (other than Mr. Fish, whose age, experience and qualifications are included in the director nominees section of this Proxy Statement) as well as Ms. Rankin, who served as an executive officer until her resignation in November 2025. All prior positions listed below were with our Company. Name Age Positions Held and Business Experience for Past Five Years Charles C. Boettcher 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal officer since July 2024. Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Chief Legal Officer from 2020 to July 2024. Rafael E. Carrasco 54 Senior Vice President Enterprise Strategy and President WM Healthcare Solutions since November 2024. Senior Vice President Enterprise Strategy from September 2023 to November 2024. Senior Vice President Operations from 2021 to September 2023. Area Vice President Greater Mid-Atlantic Area from 2017 to 2021. John A. Carroll 53 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since March 2023. Vice President, Internal Audit and Controls from 2018 to March 2023. Christopher P. DeSantis 62 Senior Vice President Operations since October 2023 Area Vice President New England from 2009 to October 2023. Tara J. Hemmer 53 Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer since 2021. Senior Vice President Operations from 2019 to 2021. John J. Morris, Jr. 56 President and Chief Operating Officer since May 2025. Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2019 to May 2025. Devina A. Rankin 50 Executive Advisor from November 2025 to March 2026. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2020 to November 2025. Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2017 to 2020. David L. Reed 48 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2025. Vice President, Business Partner West Tier Operations from 2023 to October 2025. Vice President and Treasurer from July 2017 to December 2022. Donald J. Smith 59 Senior Vice President Operations since January 2023. Area Vice President Texas Oklahoma Area from 2012 to December 2022. Kimberly G. Stith 60 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since September 2024. Vice President, General Counsel Employment Benefits from 2012 to September 2024. Johnson Varkey 54 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer since January 2024. Vice President and Chief Information Officer from March 2023 to December 2023. Vice President Enterprise Digital Services from 2019 to March 2023. Michael J. Watson 56 Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer since 2018. 30 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS I ntroduction The Company s Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information about the Company s executive compensation philosophy and the components of its compensation programs. This includes information about how compensation of the Company s named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, aligned with the Company s 2025 financial goals and performance. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis helps readers better understand the information found in the Summary Compensation Table and other accompanying tables included in this Proxy Statement. This Compensation Discussion and Analysis focuses on our executive pay program as it relates to the following executive officers during 2025, whom we refer to as the named executive officers or named executives : Mr. James C. Fish, Jr. Chief Executive Officer since November 2016; Mr. Fish also served as President from November 2016 to May 2025, when he voluntarily resigned the position of President in connection with the promotion of Mr. Morris. Mr. David L. Reed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2025; Vice President and Business Partner West Tier Operations from January 2023 to October 2025. Ms. Devina A. Rankin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from February 2020 until her voluntary resignation from her position on November 1, 2025; Ms. Rankin continued to serve as an Executive Advisor until March 13, 2026. Mr. John J. Morris, Jr. President and Chief Operating Officer since May 2025; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from January 2019 to May 2025. Ms. Tara J. Hemmer Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer since July 2021. Mr. Rafael E. Carrasco Senior Vice President Enterprise Strategy since September 2023 and President WM Healthcare Solutions since November 2024. Please see Executive Compensation Decisions in Connection with Leadership Transitions below for additional information. The named executives prior experience with the Company is detailed further under Executive Officers above. Executive Summary The objective of our executive compensation program is to attract, retain, reward and incentivize talented employees who will lead the Company in the successful execution of our strategy. The Company seeks to accomplish this goal by designing a compensation program that is supportive of and aligns with the strategy of the Company and the creation of stockholder value, while discouraging excessive risk-taking. We have enabled a people-first, technology-led focus to deliver on our brand promise, ALWAYS WORKING FOR A SUSTAINABLE TOMORROW . Our strategy leverages and sustains the strongest asset network in the industry to drive best in class customer experience and growth. As North America s leading provider of comprehensive waste management environmental services, sustainability and environmental stewardship are embedded in all that we do. As a result, we believe that positive financial results, including the results for the performance measures on which our executives are compensated, are naturally aligned with the successful execution of our goals to put our people first and position them to serve and care for our customers, the environment, the communities in which we work and our stockholders. We believe our Company would not be successful, on financial performance measures or otherwise, without our industry-leading focus on sustainability. 2026 Proxy Statement | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following key structural elements and policies further the objective of our executive compensation program: a substantial majority of executive compensation is linked to