=== KR_2025-05-15.htm.gz ===
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12 THE KROGER CO . (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11. Fellow Shareholders, A long career in the retail industry has shown me that while customers needs change, the fundamentals for running successful stores remain the same. My time as Kroger s Chairman and CEO about eight weeks as I write this has only deepened my conviction about what it takes to be a great retailer. Our strong go-to-market strategy is rooted in our strategic priorities of Fresh, Our Brands , personalization and eCommerce. We have a proven and experienced management team, including incredibly strong division leaders. And most important, our dedicated frontline associates provide customers with friendly service and exceptional value. As I spend more time with associates at all levels of our business, I am confident we have the right people to drive our continued success. Together, we are reaffirming our commitment to grow Kroger s core business, to support our associates and to strengthen our communities. Growing the core Putting the customer at the center, and streamlining our priorities are key ways we will support our continued success. It can be easy to get distracted with projects that pull focus from the basics of running excellent stores. Our teams are making decisions faster, ensuring their day-to-day work improves sales, and walking away from any projects or programs that do not provide customers with fresh products at the best prices. Our customers need access to affordable food now more than ever, and we are holding ourselves accountable to delivering for them. Because our best customers shop both in store and online, we are bringing more balance to our capital investments across brick-and-mortar stores and eCommerce. In 2024, we built more new stores and engaged in more large-scale store renovations than in the previous five years, and we will continue that momentum this year. At the same time, we have established a dedicated eCommerce business unit to better align all teams who touch the digital experience. These decisions bring us even closer to our customers and their needs, drive better accountability, and improve our understanding of how to deliver a best-in-class shopping experience. Our customers tell us they want to shop fresher, trendier foods. So, we are moving items through our supply chain faster. And the Our Brands teams continue taking a new approach to their work, introducing 900 new products in 2024 alone. When we bring those fresher, more interesting products to our shelves, more customers will shop with Kroger. A bigger customer base translates into more opportunities for alternative profit streams to grow, and as a result, we can keep bringing prices down. One thing is clear, our competition is changing faster than ever, which means we need to move faster. An outstanding grocery store has the food customers want at prices they can afford, and we are working to deliver on both. Supporting our associates Great retail businesses are built by great people. Whether in stores, distribution or manufacturing centers, fulfillment facilities or offices, we respect and appreciate our associates and will continue the historic investments Kroger has made in the past five years to grow wages and improve benefits. During my time on Kroger s board, I got to know the senior leadership team well. They always impressed me with their strategic approach, clear vision and belief in our associates. As I spend more time in our divisions and meeting more team members, I see the depth and breadth of talent our organization has. Our division teams know their communities better than anyone. Our manufacturing and Our Brands teams are experts at making great food that customers love. Our supply chain and distribution teams move product with precision. I am confident in the strong bench of talent at Kroger and what we are capable of achieving. Strengthening communities We understand the important role a grocery store plays in a community. We offer employment opportunities that range from first jobs to career-defining roles, and we give back to those in need. With Zero Hunger | Zero Waste at the center, a Kroger in your community typically means millions more meals feeding hungry families. In fact, since 2017, the Company donated more than 3.4 billion meals to communities across the country. And when a crisis hits, Kroger aims to be among the first to help. Earlier this year, our business supported thousands of families impacted by the Los Angeles wildfires. And alongside amazing organizations like Feeding America, the USO and Red Cross, we ensure our neighbors have the fresh foods they need to thrive. Looking to the future Kroger s foundation is strong, and our company is well-positioned for continued growth. I am committed to serve as Chairman and CEO for as long as needed while our Board conducts a thorough search for Kroger s next leader. While in this role, I plan to move the company forward with an eye toward building to the future. With all of this in mind, I keep returning to one question: What does Kroger look like in eight years when we celebrate our 150 th anniversary? I am proud to lead this company as we answer this vital question together. Thank you for the trust you are placing in me to lead Kroger to an even brighter future. Ronald L. Sargent Chairman and Interim CEO, The Kroger Co. Safe Harbor Statement This letter contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 about future performance of Kroger, including with respect to Kroger s strategic capital deployment, ability to achieve certain operational goals, as well as targets, goals, and commitments outlined in this proxy statement, or elsewhere among other statements. These statements are based on management s assumptions and beliefs in light of the information currently available to it. These statements are indicated by words such as achieve, believe, change, committed, create, continue, deliver, drive, ensure, expect, improve, plan, opportunities, well-positioned, and will, as well as similar words or phrases. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, including the specific risk factors identified in Risk Factors in Kroger s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Kroger assumes no obligation to update the information contained herein, unless required to do so by applicable law. Zero Hunger | Zero Waste: Community Service Award Recipients We encourage our associates to volunteer to serve our communities in ways that align with Kroger s Zero Hunger | Zero Waste impact plan. Their personal commitment and dedication to local hunger relief agencies and other nonprofit organizations helps the Company live our Purpose: to Feed the Human Spirit. These are our 2024 Community Service Award recipients: Atlanta Division Food 4 Less Mid-Atlantic Division Stephanie Williams Larry Watson Kenny Williams Central Division Fred Meyer Division Ralphs Division Anna Young Jodie Peters Toni Fortune Cincinnati-Dayton Division Fry s Division Roundy s Division Teresa Frey Gwen Wood Gene Smazal Columbus Division Houston Division QFC Division Terri Shepard Cherie Diehl Shawna Balmelli Delta Division Mariano s Division Smith s Division Luke Cordova Julie Walker Kathy Lisby Dillons Division Shawn Clark Michigan Division Crystal Lamattina Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. It does not contain all of the information that you should consider. You should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Overview of Voting Matters and Board Recommendations Proposals Board Recommendation No. 1 Election of Directors FOR Each Director Nominee recommended by your Board No. 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation FOR No. 3 Ratification of Independent Auditors FOR Nos. 4 6 Shareholder Proposals AGAINST Each Proposal Corporate Governance Highlights Kroger is committed to strong corporate governance. We believe that strong governance builds trust and promotes the long-term interests of our shareholders. Highlights of our corporate governance practices include the following: Board Governance Practices Strong Board oversight of enterprise risk. Strong experienced independent Lead Director with clearly defined role and responsibilities. Commitment to Board refreshment and diversity of skills, background and experience. Annual evaluation of the Chairman and CEO by the independent directors, led by the independent Lead Director. All director nominees are independent, except for the CEO. All five Board Committees are fully independent. Annual Board and Committee self-assessments conducted by independent Lead Director or an independent third party. Regular executive sessions of the independent directors, at the Board and Committee level. High degree of Board interaction with management to ensure successful oversight and succession planning. Balanced tenure. Robust shareholder engagement program. Robust code of ethics. Shareholder Rights Annual director election. Simple majority standard for uncontested director elections and plurality in contested elections. No poison pill. Shareholders have the right to call a special meeting. 4 Robust, long-standing shareholder engagement program with regular engagements, including with Lead Director, to better understand shareholders perspectives and concerns on a broad array of topics. Adopted proxy access for director nominees, enabling a shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders, holding 3% of the Company s common shares for at least three years to nominate candidates for the greater of two seats or 20% of Board nominees. Compensation Governance Robust clawback and recoupment policy in compliance with NYSE listing rules. Pay program tied to performance and business strategy. Majority of pay is long-term and at-risk with no guaranteed bonuses or salary increases. Stock ownership guidelines align executive and director interests with those of shareholders. Prohibition on all hedging, pledging, and short sales of Kroger securities by directors and executive officers. No tax gross-up payments to executives. Responsible Business Strategy Long-standing Board Committee dedicated to oversight of topics related to corporate responsibility Public Responsibilities Committee formed in 1977. Annual report sharing progress for Kroger s responsible business strategy and Zero Hunger | Zero Waste impact plan, including efforts to improve Food Access and Affordability, Health and Nutrition, and Waste and Circularity. The 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance report represents the 18 th year of describing our progress and initiatives regarding sustainability and other matters of corporate responsibility. Ongoing engagement with shareholders and other stakeholders on a wide range of sustainability and social impact topics. Kroger s Thriving Together strategy builds on our long history of operating responsibly, advancing opportunity and sustainability in our own operations and supply chain, and giving back meaningfully to our communities. o The strategy reflects our Purpose to Feed the Human Spirit and aims to achieve positive, lasting changes for our associates, customers and communities. The centerpiece of Kroger s strategy is our Zero Hunger | Zero Waste impact plan. Introduced in 2017, Zero Hunger | Zero Waste is an industry-leading plan focused on ending hunger and waste in our communities. o Our strategy focuses on material topics of importance to our business, our communities and other key stakeholders. Key topics, informed by a structured materiality assessment and community engagement, align to three strategic pillars: People, Planet and Governance. 5 Director Nominee Highlights 6 2025 Director Nominee Skills and Experience Key Attributes and Skills of All Kroger Director Nominees Intellectual and analytical skills High integrity and business ethics Strength of character and judgment Ability to devote significant time to Board duties Desire and ability to continually build expertise in emerging areas of strategic focus for our Company Demonstrated support of our longstanding values of diversity and inclusion Business and professional achievements Ability to represent the interests of all shareholders Knowledge of corporate governance matters Understanding of the advisory and proactive oversight responsibility of our Board Comprehension of the responsibility of a public company director and the fiduciary duties owed to shareholders Ability to work cooperatively with other members of the Board Nora Aufreiter Kevin Brown Elaine Chao Anne Gates Karen Hoguet Clyde Moore Ronald Sargent Amanda Sourry Mark Sutton Ashok Vemuri Total (of 10) Business Management 10 Retail 5 Consumer 7 Financial Expertise 10 Risk Management 9 Operations Technology 10 Responsible Business Practices 10 Manufacturing 4 2024 Compensation Highlights Executive Compensation Philosophy Executive Summary We delivered strong performance in 2024. Kroger achieved strong results in 2024 as we executed on our Leading with Fresh and Accelerating with Digital strategy, building on growth over the last three years. We are delivering a fresh, affordable, and seamless shopping experience for our customers, with zero compromise on quality, selection, or convenience. We are delivering on our financial commitments through our strong, resilient Value Creation Model. In 2024, we achieved financial performance results of ID sales, without fuel, of 1.5%, and adjusted FIFO operating profit, including fuel, of $4.7 billion 1 . Our executive compensation program aligns with long-term shareholder value creation. 92% of our CEO s target total direct compensation and, on average, 84% of the other NEOs compensation is at risk and performance-based, tied to achievement of performance targets that are important to our shareholders or our long-term share price performance. The annual performance incentive was earned above target. The annual incentive program, based on a grid of identical sales, excluding fuel, and adjusted FIFO operating profit, including fuel, paid out at 108.7% of target, in line with the goals and targets set by the Committee. 1 See pages 29-38 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2025, for a reconciliation of GAAP operating profit to adjusted FIFO operating profit. 7 The long-term performance incentive payout reflects alignment with performance over fiscal years 2022, 2023, and 2024. Long-term performance unit equity awards granted in 2022 and tied to commitments made to our investors and other stakeholders regarding long-term sales growth, value creation (iTSR) metric percentage, our commitment to Fresh, and relative Total Shareholder Return were earned at 69.4% of target. We prioritized investment in our people. We strive to create a culture of opportunity for more than 409,000 associates and take seriously our role as a leading employer in the United States. In 2024, we invested in our associates by continuing to raise our average hourly wage to above $19, or above $25, including comprehensive benefits. Summary of Key Compensation Practices To achieve our objectives, the Compensation Committee seeks to ensure that compensation is competitive and that there is a direct link between pay and performance. To do so, it is guided by the following principles: Compensation must be designed to attract and retain those individuals who are best suited to be an NEO at Kroger. A significant portion of pay should be performance-based, with the percentage of total pay tied to performance increasing proportionally with an NEO s level of responsibility. Compensation should include incentive-based pay to drive performance, providing superior pay for superior performance, including both a short- and long-term focus. Compensation policies should include an opportunity for, and a requirement of, significant equity ownership to align the interests of NEOs and shareholders. Components of compensation should be tied to an evaluation of business and individual performance measured against metrics that directly drive our business strategy. Compensation plans should provide a direct line of sight to company performance. Compensation programs should be aligned with market practices. Compensation programs should serve to both motivate and retain talent. Names Executive Officers (NEOs) for 2024 For the 2024 fiscal year ended February 1, 2025, the NEOs were: Name Title W. Rodney McMullen* Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Todd Foley Senior Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer Mary Ellen Adcock Executive Vice President and Chief Merchant and Marketing Officer Yael Cosset Executive Vice President and Chief Digital Officer Timothy A. Massa Executive Vice President and Associate Experience Officer Gary Millerchip** Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer *As disclosed on our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2025, Mr. McMullen resigned as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on March 2, 2025. On March 2, 2025, the Board appointed Mr. Ronald Sargent, previously the Board s Lead Director, as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. This Compensation Discussion Analysis reflects the compensation received by Mr. McMullen for his services for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025. **As disclosed on our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2024, Mr. Millerchip resigned as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Foley served as Interim Chief Financial Officer during the remainder of the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025. 8 Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Fellow Kroger Shareholders: We are pleased to invite you to join us for Kroger s 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on June 26, 2025, at 11:00 a.m. eastern time. The 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be a completely virtual meeting conducted via webcast. We believe this is the most effective approach for enabling the highest possible attendance. You will be able to participate in the virtual meeting online, vote your shares electronically, and submit questions during the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/KR2025. When: June 26, 2025, at 11:00 a.m. eastern time. Where: Webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/KR2025 Items of Business: 1. To elect 10 director nominees 2. To approve our executive compensation, on an advisory basis. 3. To ratify the selection of our independent auditor for fiscal year 2025. 4. To vote on three shareholder proposals, if properly presented at the meeting. 5. To transact other business as may properly come before the meeting. Who can Vote: Holders of Kroger common shares at the close of business on the record date April 28, 2025 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting. How to Vote: YOUR VOTE IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT NO MATTER HOW MANY SHARES YOU OWN! Please vote your proxy in one of the following ways: 1. By the internet, you can vote by the Internet by visiting www.proxyvote.com. 2. By telephone, you can vote by telephone by following the instructions on your proxy card, voting instruction form, or notice. 3. By mail, you can vote by mail by signing and dating your proxy card if you requested printed materials, or your voting instruction form, and returning it in the postage-paid envelope provided with this proxy statement. 4. By mobile device , by scanning the QR code on your proxy card, notice of internet availability of proxy materials, or voting instruction form. 5. By attending and voting electronically during the virtual Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/KR2025. Attending the Meeting: Shareholders holding shares at the close of business on the record date may attend the virtual meeting. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting, vote and submit your questions in advance of and in real-time during the meeting via a live audio webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/KR2025. To participate in the meeting, you must have your sixteen-digit control number that is shown on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or on your proxy card if you receive the proxy materials by mail. Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR ALL of Kroger s director nominees on the proxy card, FOR the management proposals 2 and 3, and AGAINST the shareholder proposals 4 through 6. We appreciate your continued confidence in Kroger, and we look forward to your participation in our virtual meeting. May 15, 2025 Cincinnati, Ohio By Order of the Board of Directors, Christine S. Wheatley, Secretary 9 Proxy Statement May 15, 2025 We are providing this notice, proxy statement, and annual report to the shareholders of The Kroger Co. ( Kroger , we , us , our ) in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Kroger (the Board ) for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 26, 2025 at 11:00 a.m. eastern time, and at any adjournments thereof. The Annual Meeting will be held virtually and can be accessed online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/KR2025. There is no physical location for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Our principal executive offices are located at 1014 Vine Street, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202-1100. Our telephone number is 513-762-4000. This notice, proxy statement, and annual report, and the accompanying proxy card are first being sent or given to shareholders on or about May 15, 2025. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be Held on June 26, 2025 The Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting,Proxy Statement and 2024 Annual Report and the means to vote by internet are available at www.proxyvote.com. Kroger Corporate Governance Practices Kroger is committed to strong corporate governance. We believe that strong governance builds trust and promotes the long-term interests of our shareholders. Highlights of our corporate governance practices include the following: Board Governance Practices Strong Board oversight of enterprise risk. Strong experienced independent Lead Director with clearly defined role and responsibilities. Commitment to Board refreshment and diversity of skills, background and experience. Annual evaluation of the Chairman and CEO by the independent directors, led by the independent Lead Director. All director nominees are independent, except for the CEO. All five Board Committees are fully independent. Annual Board and Committee self-assessments conducted by independent Lead Director or an independent third party. Regular executive sessions of the independent directors, at the Board and Committee level. High degree of Board interaction with management to ensure successful oversight and succession planning. Balanced tenure. Robust shareholder engagement program. Robust code of ethics. Shareholder Rights Annual director election. Simple majority standard for uncontested director elections and plurality in contested elections. No poison pill. 10 Shareholders have the right to call a special meeting. Robust, long-standing shareholder engagement program with regular engagements, including with Lead Director, to better understand shareholders perspectives and concerns on a broad array of topics. Adopted proxy access for director nominees, enabling a shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders, holding 3% of the Company s common shares for at least three years to nominate candidates for the greater of two seats or 20% of Board nominees. Compensation Governance Robust clawback and recoupment policy in compliance with NYSE listing rules. Pay program tied to performance and business strategy. Majority of pay is long-term and at-risk with no guaranteed bonuses or salary increases. Stock ownership guidelines align executive and director interests with those of shareholders. Prohibition on all hedging, pledging, and short sales of Kroger securities by directors and executive officers. No tax gross-up payments to executives. Responsible Business Strategy Long-standing Board Committee dedicated to oversight of topics related to corporate responsibility Public Responsibilities Committee formed in 1977. Annual report sharing progress for Kroger s responsible business strategy and Zero Hunger | Zero Waste impact plan, including efforts to improve Food Access and Affordability, Health and Nutrition, and Waste and Circularity. The 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance report represents the 18 th year of describing our progress and initiatives regarding sustainability and other matters of corporate responsibility. Ongoing engagement with shareholders and other stakeholders on a wide range of sustainability and social impact topics. Kroger s Thriving Together strategy builds on our long history of operating responsibly, advancing opportunity and sustainability in our own operations and supply chain, and giving back meaningfully to our communities. o The strategy reflects our Purpose to Feed the Human Spirit and aims to achieve positive, lasting changes for our associates, customers and communities. The centerpiece of Kroger s strategy is our Zero Hunger | Zero Waste impact plan. Introduced in 2017, Zero Hunger | Zero Waste is an industry-leading plan focused on ending hunger and waste in our communities. o Our strategy focuses on material topics of importance to our business, our communities and other key stakeholders. Key topics, informed by a structured materiality assessment and community engagement, align to three strategic pillars: People, Planet and Governance. 11 Proposals to Shareholders Item No. 1 Election of Directors You are being asked to elect 10 director nominees for a one-year term. The Committee memberships stated below are those in effect as of the date of this proxy statement. FOR The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR ALL of Kroger s director nominees. 12 As of the date of this proxy statement, Kroger s Board of Directors consists of 10 members. Each nominee, if elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting, will serve until the annual meeting in 2026 or until his or her successor has been elected by the shareholders or by the Board pursuant to Kroger s Regulations, and qualified. Each of our director nominees identified in this proxy statement has consented to being named as a nominee in our proxy materials and has accepted the nomination and agreed to serve as a director if elected by Kroger s shareholders. Kroger s Articles of Incorporation provide that the vote required for election of a director nominee by the shareholders, except in a contested election or when cumulative voting is in effect, is the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast for or against the election of a nominee. The experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that led the Corporate Governance Committee and the Board to conclude that the following individuals should serve as directors are set forth opposite each individual s name. The chart below shows the skills and experience that we consider important for our directors in light of our current business, strategy, and structure. In addition, all of our Director Nominees demonstrate the following qualities: Key Attributes and Skills of All Kroger Director Nominees Intellectual and analytical skills High integrity and business ethics Strength of character and judgment Ability to devote significant time to Board duties Desire and ability to continually build expertise in emerging areas of strategic focus for our Company Demonstrated support of our longstanding values of diversity and inclusion Business and professional achievements Ability to represent the interests of all shareholders Knowledge of corporate governance matters Understanding of the advisory and proactive oversight responsibility of our Board Comprehension of the responsibility of a public company director and the fiduciary duties owed to shareholders Ability to work cooperatively with other members of the Board Nora Aufreiter Kevin Brown Elaine Chao Anne Gates Karen Hoguet Clyde Moore Ronald Sargent Amanda Sourry Mark Sutton Ashok Vemuri Total (of 10) Business Management 10 Retail 5 Consumer 7 Financial Expertise 10 Risk Management 9 Operations Technology 10 Responsible Business Practices 10 Manufacturing 4 13 Board Nominees for Directors for Terms of Office Continuing until 2026 Nora A. Aufreiter Ms. Aufreiter is Director Emeritus of McKinsey Company, a global management consulting firm. She retired in June 2014 after more than 27 years with McKinsey, most recently as a director and senior partner. During that time, she worked extensively in the U.S., Canada, and internationally with major retailers, financial institutions, and other consumer-facing companies. Before joining McKinsey, Ms. Aufreiter spent three years in financial services working in corporate finance and investment banking. She is a member of the Board of Directors of The Bank of Nova Scotia and is chair of the Board of Directors of MYT Netherlands Parent B.V., the parent company of MyTheresa.com, an e- commerce retailer. She is also on the board of a privately held company, Cadillac Fairview, a subsidiary of Ontario Teachers Pension Plan, which is one of North America s largest owners, operators, and developers of commercial real estate. Ms. Aufreiter is chair of the board of St. Michael s Hospital and is a member of the Dean s Advisory Board for the Ivey Business School in Ontario, Canada. Ms. Aufreiter has extensive broad business experience in a variety of retail sectors, including 10 years of corporate governance experience, 30 years of personnel and leadership development experience, and 10 years of real estate experience. Her vast experience in leading McKinsey s North American Retail Practice, North American Branding service line and the Consumer Digital and Omnichannel service line is of particular value to the Board. In addition, during her tenure with McKinsey, the firm advised consulting clients on a variety of matters, including sustainability topics and setting and achieving sustainability goals, which is of value to the Board and the Public Responsibilities Committee. Ms. Aufreiter has served on our Public Responsibilities Committee for ten years, the last five as chair. Ms. Aufreiter holds a certificate in sustainability from the Stanford Doer School. In 2021, she led the Board s review of its responsible business strategy to clarify committee oversight of the different elements on this strategy. She also brings to the Board valuable insight on commercial real estate. In her current role as Chair of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee for the Bank of Nova Scotia, Ms. Aufreiter has responsibility for overseeing senior management succession and CEO evaluation and incentive compensation. In her previous role as Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee of The Bank of Nova Scotia, Ms. Aufreiter had responsibility for overseeing shareholder engagement, board succession planning, and ESG strategy and priorities. This experience is of particular value to the Board and to her role as the Chair of the Public Responsibilities Committee. Age 65 Director Since 2014 Committees: Finance Public Responsibilities 1 Qualifications: Business Management Retail Consumer Financial Expertise Operations Technology Responsible Business Practices 1 Denotes Chair of Committee 14 Kevin M. Brown Mr. Brown is the Executive Vice President of Global Operations and Chief Supply Chain Officer at Dell Technologies, a leading global technology company. His previous roles at Dell include senior leadership roles in procurement, product quality, and manufacturing. Mr. Brown joined Dell in 1998 and has held roles of increasing responsibility throughout his career, including Chief Procurement Officer and Vice President, ODM Fulfillment Supply Chain Strategy before being named Chief Supply Chain Officer in 2013. Before Dell, he spent 10 years in the shipbuilding industry at Newport News Shipbuilding, where he held leadership roles in reactor plant engineering, construction management and facilities. Mr. Brown currently serves on the National Committee of the Council on Foreign Relations and the boards of the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation, The Howard University Center for Supply Chain Excellence and the George Washington University National Advisory Counsel for the School of Engineering. Mr. Brown is a global leader with extensive leadership experience and supply chain innovation experience. His efforts led Dell to be recognized as having one of the most efficient, sustainable, and innovative supply chains. Mr. Brown has established himself as an authority on sustainable business practices. His combined deep global supply chain and procurement expertise and track record of sustainability and resilience leadership, as well as his experience in circular economic business practices, are of value to the Board in his roles as director and member of the Public Responsibilities Committee. His deep expertise in all matters related to supply chain, supply chain resilience, and risk and crisis management are of particular value to the Board. Age 62 Director Since 2021 Committees: Compensation and Talent Development Public Responsibilities Qualifications: Business Management Consumer Financial Expertise Risk Management Operations Technology Responsible Business Practices Manufacturing 15 Elaine L. Chao Ms. Chao served as the 18 th U.S. Secretary of Transportation from January 2017 until January 2021. Prior thereto, she served as the 24 th U.S. Secretary of Labor from January 2001 until January 2009, and was the first woman of Asian American Pacific Islander heritage to serve in a President s cabinet in history. Previously, Ms. Chao was President and CEO of United Way of America, Director of the Peace Corps, and a banker with Citicorp and BankAmerica Capital Markets Group. She earned her M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and has served on a number of Fortune 500 boards. She currently serves on the Board of Directors of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc., a new economy technology company in the mobile sector focusing on sustainable and environmentally friendly transportation, and of Mobileye Global Inc., a leader in the development and deployment of advanced driver assisted systems and autonomous driving technologies and solutions. In the past five years, she also served as a director of Embark Technology, Inc. and Hyliion Holdings Corp. Recognized for her extensive record of accomplishments and public service, she is also the recipient of 38 honorary doctorate degrees. In her capacity as a director on numerous public boards while out of government, she has advocated for innovation and business transformations. She has also been a director on many private and nonprofit boards, including Harvard Business School Board of Dean s Advisors and Global Advisory Board, Los Angeles Organizing Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games 2028, and a trustee of the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. Ms. Chao brings to the Board extensive experience in the public, private, and non-profit sectors. In her two cabinet positions, she led high-profile organizations, navigating complex regulatory and public policy environments, and she provides the Board with valuable insight on strategy, logistics, transportation, and workforce issues. Under her leadership, the Department of Labor set up a record number of health and safety partnerships with labor unions. While she was Director of the Peace Corps, she launched the first Peace Corps programs in the newly independent Baltic states and the former republics of the former Soviet Union, including Ukraine. This experience leading social impact at scale is of value to the Board in her role as an independent director and member of the Public Responsibilities Committee. Ms. Chao s leadership and governance expertise gained from her government service, nonprofits, and public company boards is of value to the Board. Age 72 Director Since 2021 Committees: Corporate Governance Public Responsibilities Qualifications: Business Management Consumer Financial Expertise Risk Management Operations Technology Responsible Business Practices 16 Anne Gates Ms. Gates was President of MGA Entertainment, Inc., a privately-held developer, manufacturer, and marketer of toy and entertainment products for children, from 2014 until her retirement in 2017. Ms. Gates held roles of increasing responsibility with The Walt Disney Company from 1992-2012. Her roles included Chief Financial Officer for Disney Consumer Products (DCP and Managing Director, DCP, Europe, and emerging markets. She is currently the Chair of the Board of Directors of Tapestry, Inc., where she serves as Chair of the Governance Committee, serves on the Audit Committee, and is on the Tapestry Foundation Board. She is also a director of Raymond James Financial, Inc., where she is the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. She is also a member of the Boards of the Salzburg Global Seminar, PBS SoCal, Save the Children, and the Packard Foundation. Ms. Gates has extensive experience in the retail and consumer products industry. She brings to the Board financial expertise gained while serving as President of MGA and CFO of a division of The Walt Disney Company. Ms. Gates has a broad business background in finance, marketing, strategy, and business development, including international business. As the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee at Raymond James Financial, Inc., she oversees their code of ethics, Board composition, shareholder proposals, and shareholder engagement efforts. These experiences combined with her experience as the Chair of the board of Tapestry and its Governance Committee are also of particular value to the Board in her role as an independent director and member of the Corporate Governance Committee. Her financial leadership and consumer products expertise is of particular value to the Board. Ms. Gates has been designated an Audit Committee financial expert and serves as Chair of the Audit Committee. Age 65 Director Since 2015 Committees: Audit 1 Corporate Governance Qualifications: Business Management Retail Consumer Financial Expertise Risk Management Operations Technology Responsible Business Practices Manufacturing Karen M. Hoguet Ms. Hoguet served as the Chief Financial Officer of Macy s, Inc. from October 1997 until July 2018 when she became a strategic advisor to the Chief Executive Officer until her retirement in 2019. Previously, she served on the board of Nielsen Holdings plc, as the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Finance Committee. She also serves on the board of UC Health. Ms. Hoguet has extensive broad financial and operational leadership experience within the omnichannel retail sector. She has a proven track record of success in driving transformations, delivering strong financial performance, and forming strong relationships with investors and industry analysts. She has extensive knowledge across all areas of finance, including financial planning, investor relations, M A, accounting, treasury and tax, as well as strategic planning, credit card services and real estate. Ms. Hoguet played a critical role in the successful turnaround of Federated Department Stores, from bankruptcy to an industry leading omnichannel retailer, which was accomplished through acquisitions, divestiture and other strategic changes including building an omnichannel model and developing a new strategic approach to real estate. Her long tenure as a senior executive of a publicly traded company with financial, audit, strategy, and risk oversight experience is of value to the Board as is her public company experience, both as a long-serving executive, and as a board member. In addition, her strong business acumen, understanding of diverse cross-functional issues, and ability to identify potential risks and opportunities are also of value to the Board. Ms. Hoguet has been designated an Audit Committee financial expert and serves as Chair of the Finance Committee. Age 68 Director Since 2019 Committees: Audit Finance 1 Qualifications: Business Management Retail Consumer Financial Expertise Risk Management Operations Technology Responsible Business Practices 1 Denotes Chair of Committee 17 Clyde R. Moore Mr. Moore was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of First Service Networks, a national provider of facility and maintenance repair services, from 2000 to 2014, and Chairman until his retirement in 2015. Previously, Mr. Moore was President and CEO of Thomas Betts, a global manufacturer of electric connectors and components, and President and COO of FL Industries, Inc., an electrical component manufacturing company. Mr. Moore is currently President and CEO of Gliocas LLC, a management consulting firm serving small businesses and non-profits. Mr. Moore was a leader in the founding of the Industry Data Exchange Association (IDEA), which standardized product identification data for the electrical industry, allowing the industry to make the successful transition to digital commerce. Mr. Moore was Chairman of the National Electric Manufacturers Association and served on the Executive Committee of the Board of Governors of the National Association of Manufacturers. He served on the advisory board of Mayer Electrical Supply for over 20 years, including time as lead director, until the sale of the company in late 2021. Mr. Moore has extensive general management experience in public and private companies. He has extensive experience as a corporate leader overseeing all aspects of a facilities management firm and numerous manufacturing companies. Mr. Moore s expertise broadens the scope of the Board s experience to provide oversight to Kroger s facilities, digital, and manufacturing businesses, and he has a wealth of Fortune 500 experience in implementing technology transformations. Additionally, his expertise and leadership as Chair of the Compensation Committee is of particular value to the Board. Mr. Moore s participation on the Corporate Governance Committee is also of value to the Board. Age 71 Director Since 1997 Committees: Compensation Talent Development 1 Corporate Governance Qualifications: Business Management Financial Expertise Risk Management Operations Technology Responsible Business Practices Manufacturing Ronald L. Sargent Mr. Sargent was elected Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer in March 2025. Prior thereto, he served as Lead Director of the Board of Directors since 2017. Mr. Sargent was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Staples, Inc., a business products retailer, where he was employed from 1989 until his retirement in 2017. Prior to joining Staples, Mr. Sargent spent 10 years with Kroger in various positions. He is a director of Five Below, Inc. and Wells Fargo Company. Currently, Mr. Sargent is a member of the board of directors of City of Hope and chairman of the board of directors of the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation. Mr. Sargent has extensive retail experience, first with Kroger and then with increasing levels of responsibility and leadership at Staples, Inc. His efforts helped carve out a new market niche for the international retailer. In his role as Chair of the Wells Fargo Human Resources Committee, he oversees human capital management, human capital risk, and culture and ethics. In his role as a member of the Five Below Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, he oversees social and environmental governance, including corporate citizenship. These committee experiences are of value to the Board. His understanding of retail operations, consumer insights, and e-commerce are also of value to the Board. Age 69 Director Since 2006 Qualifications: Business Management Retail Consumer Financial Expertise Risk Management Operations Technology Responsible Business Practices 18 J. Amanda Sourry Knox (Amanda Sourry) Ms. Sourry was President of North America for Unilever, a personal care, foods, refreshment, and home care consumer products company, from 2018 until her retirement in December 2019. She held leadership roles of increasing responsibility during her more than 30 years at Unilever, both in the U.S. and Europe, including president of global foods, executive vice president of global hair care, and executive vice president of the firm s UK and Ireland business. From 2015 to 2017, she served as President of their Global Foods Category. Ms. Sourry currently serves on the board for PVH Corp., where she chairs the Compensation Committee and serves on the Nominating, Governance Management Development Committee. She is also a non-executive director of OFI, a provider of on-trend, natural and plant-based products, focused on delivering sustainable and innovative solutions to consumers across the world, and a member of their Remuneration and Talent Committee, the Audit and Risk Committee, and the Sustainability Committee. She is also a supervisory director of Trivium Packaging B.V., a sustainable packaging company. Ms. Sourry has extensive experience in the CPG and retail industry. As a member of PVH Corp. s Nominating, Governance, Management Development Committee, her experience with monitoring issues of corporate conduct and culture, and providing oversight of talent programs as it relates to management development, leadership assessment, and succession planning programs and processes is of particular value to her role as a member of the Compensation Talent Development Committee and the Board. She brings to the Board her extensive global marketing and business experience in consumer- packaged goods as well as customer development, including overseeing Unilever s digital efforts. Ms. Sourry was actively involved in Unilever s global talent and sustainability initiatives, which is of value to the Board and to the Compensation Talent Development Committee. She also has a track record of driving sustainable, profitable growth across scale operating companies and global categories in both developed and emerging markets. Ms. Sourry s history in profit and loss responsibility and oversight, brand management, people leadership, and capabilities development is of value to the Board. Age 61 Director Since 2021 Committees: Compensation Talent Development Finance Qualifications: Business Management Retail Consumer Financial Expertise Risk Management Operations Technology Responsible Business Practices Mark S. Sutton Mr. Sutton was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of International Paper, a leading global producer of renewable fiber-based packaging, pulp, and paper products until his retirement in 2024. Prior to becoming CEO in 2014, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer with responsibility for running International Paper s global business. Mr. Sutton joined International Paper in 1984 as an Electrical Engineer. He held roles of increasing responsibility throughout his career, including Mill Manager, Vice President of Corrugated Packaging Operations across Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Vice President of Corporate Strategic Planning, and Senior Vice President of several business units, including global supply chain. He serves on the board of directors of Louisiana State University Foundation. Mr. Sutton has extensive leadership experience with increasing levels of responsibility and leadership at International Paper. At International Paper, he oversaw their robust sustainability disclosures which are aligned with GRI, and their Vision 2030, which set forth ambitious forest stewardship targets and plans to transition to renewable solutions and sustainable operations. He also oversaw International Paper s Vision 2030 goals pertaining to diversity and inclusion. He brings to the Board the critical thinking that comes with an electrical engineering background as well as his experience leading a global company with labor unions. His strong strategic planning background, manufacturing and supply chain experience, and his leadership are of value to the Board. Since March 2025, Mr. Sutton serves as Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee and Lead Director of the Board. Mr. Sutton s global executive leadership experience and his corporate governance experience as Chairman and CEO of International Paper serve as the basis for his leadership role as Lead Director. Age 63 Director Since 2017 Committees: Compensation Talent Development Corporate Governance 1 Qualifications: Business Management Financial Expertise Risk Management Operations Technology Responsible Business Practices Manufacturing 19 Ashok Vemuri Mr. Vemuri was Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Conduent Incorporated, a global digital interactions company, from its inception as a result of the spin-off from Xerox Corporation in January 2017 to 2019. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Xerox Business Services, LLC and as an Executive Vice President of Xerox Corporation from July 2016 to December 2016. Prior to that, he was President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of Directors of IGATE Corporation, a New Jersey-based global technology and services company now part of Capgemini, from 2013 to 2015. Before joining IGATE, Mr. Vemuri spent 14 years at Infosys Limited, a multinational consulting and technology services company, in a variety of leadership and business development roles and served on the board of Infosys from 2011 to 2013. Prior to joining Infosys in 1999, Mr. Vemuri worked in the investment banking industry at Deutsche Bank and Bank of America. Mr. Vemuri is a member of the Board of Directors of Opal Fuels and is chair of its Audit Committee. Mr. Vemuri brings to the Board a proven track record of leading technology services companies through growth and corporate transformations. His experience as CEO of global technology companies as well as his experience with cyber security and risk oversight are of value to the Board as he brings a unique operational, financial, and client experience perspective. Additionally, Mr. Vemuri served on our Public Responsibilities Committee which gives him additional perspectives on risk oversight that he brings to the Audit Committee. Mr. Vemuri has been designated an Audit Committee financial expert. Age 57 Director Since 2019 Committees: Audit Finance Qualifications: Business Management Financial Expertise Risk Management Operations Technology Responsible Business Practices 1 Denotes Chair of Committee YOUR VOTE IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR ALL of Kroger s director nominees. 20 Information Concerning the Board of Directors Board Leadership Structure and Independent Lead Director Kroger has a governance structure in which independent directors exercise meaningful and rigorous oversight. The Board s leadership structure, in particular, is designed with those principles in mind and to allow the Board to evaluate its needs and determine, from time to time, who should lead the Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines (the Guidelines ) provide the flexibility for the Board to modify our leadership structure in the future as appropriate. We believe that Kroger is well-served by this flexible leadership structure. In order to promote thoughtful oversight, independence, and overall effectiveness, the Board s leadership includes Mr. Sargent, our Chairman and Interim CEO, and Mr. Sutton, our independent Lead Director, who was designated by the Board among the independent directors. The Lead Director works with the Chairman to share governance responsibilities, facilitate the development of Kroger s strategy, and grow shareholder value. The Lead Director serves a variety of roles, consistent with current best practices, including: reviewing and approving Board meeting agendas, materials, and schedules to confirm that the appropriate topics are reviewed, with sufficient information provided to directors on each topic and appropriate time is allocated to each; serving as the principal liaison between the Chairman, management, and the independent directors; presiding at the executive sessions of independent directors and at all other meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present; calling meetings of independent directors at any time; and serving as the Board s representative for any consultation and direct communication, following a request, with major shareholders. The independent Lead Director carries out these responsibilities in numerous ways, including by: facilitating communication and collegiality among the Board members; soliciting direct feedback from independent directors; overseeing the succession planning process, including meeting with a wide range of associates including corporate and division management associates; meeting with the CEO frequently to discuss strategy; serving as a sounding board and advisor to the CEO; and leading an annual CEO evaluation process. Unless otherwise determined by the independent members of the Board, the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee is designated as the Lead Director. Mr. Sutton, an independent director and the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee, was appointed as our Board s independent Lead Director in March 2025. Mr. Sutton is an effective Lead Director for Kroger due to, among other things, his: independence; deep strategic and operational understanding of Kroger obtained while serving as a Kroger director; insight into corporate governance; experience as the CEO of a global manufacturing and sustainable packaging company with labor unions; and engagement and commitment to carrying out the role and responsibilities of the Lead Director. With respect to the roles of Chairman and CEO, the Guidelines provide that the Board will determine whether it is in the best interests of Kroger and its shareholders for the roles to be combined. The Board exercises this judgment as it deems appropriate in light of prevailing circumstances. The Board believes that this leadership structure improves the Board s ability to focus on key policy and operational issues and helps the Company operate in the long-term interest of shareholders. Additionally, this structure provides an effective balance between strong Company leadership and appropriate safeguards and oversight by independent directors. Our CEO s strong background in finance, retail and ecommerce operations, consumer insights, and strategic collaborations is particularly important to the Board given Kroger s current growth strategy. Our CEO s leadership, deep retail expertise, and extensive knowledge of the Company gained through his prior experience as a Kroger associate and 19 years on the Board of Directors, the last six years as Lead Director, are also especially critical in the midst of the rapidly evolving retail and digital landscape. The Board believes that the structure of the Chairman and independent Lead Director position should continue to be considered as part of the succession planning process. Board Composition Our director nominees reflect a wide array of experience, skills, and backgrounds. Each director is individually qualified to make unique and substantial contributions to Kroger. Collectively, our directors diverse viewpoints and independent-mindedness enhance the quality and effectiveness of Board deliberations and decision-making. Our 21 Board is a dynamic group of new and experienced members, which reflects an appropriate balance of institutional knowledge and fresh perspectives about Kroger due to the varied length of tenure on the Board. We believe this blend of qualifications, attributes, and tenure enables highly effective Board leadership. When evaluating potential nominees to our Board, the Corporate Governance Committee considers director candidates who would help the Board reflect the diversity of our shareholders, associates, customers, and the communities in which we operate, including by considering their geographic locations to align directors physical locations with Kroger s operating areas where possible. Four of our 10 director nominees self-identify as racially/ethnically diverse and five of our 10 directors are women. The Corporate Governance Committee and Board believe that our director nominees for election at our 2025 Annual Meeting bring to our Board a variety of different experiences, skills, and qualifications that contribute to a well-functioning Board that effectively oversees the Company s strategy and management. The average tenure of our director nominees is 10 years, with three having less than five years, four having five to ten years, and three having more than 10 years. Board Succession Planning and Director Nominee Selection Process Board succession planning is an ongoing, year-round process. The Corporate Governance Committee recognizes the importance of thoughtful Board refreshment and engages in a continuing process of identifying attributes sought for future Board members. The Corporate Governance Committee takes into account the Board and Committee evaluations regarding the specific qualities, skills, and experiences that would contribute to overall Board and Committee effectiveness, as well as the future needs of the Board and its Committees in light of Kroger s current and long-term business strategies, and the skills and qualifications of directors who are expected to retire in the future including as a result of our Board retirement policy. Under our policy, directors retire at the annual meeting following their 72 nd birthday, unless: (A) on that date, the director has served on the Board for fewer than ten years, in which case the director will retire from the Board on the date of the annual meeting next following the earlier of (i) the director s 75th birthday or (ii) the 10- year anniversary of the director s initial election to the Board; or (B) the Board determines that it is in the best interests of the Company to extend the retirement date for an additional period of time as deemed reasonable and appropriate by the Board. The Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for recommending to the Board a slate of nominees for election at each annual meeting of shareholders. The Corporate Governance Committee recruits candidates for Board membership through its own efforts and through recommendations from other directors and shareholders. In addition, the Corporate Governance Committee retains an independent, third-party search firm to assist in identifying and recruiting director candidates who meet the criteria established by the Corporate Governance Committee. These criteria are: demonstrated ability in fields considered to be of value to the Board, including business management, retail, consumer, operations, technology, financial, sustainability, manufacturing, public service, education, science, law, and government; experience in high growth companies and nominees whose business experience can help the Company innovate and derive new value from existing assets; highest standards of personal character and conduct; willingness to fulfil the obligations of directors and to make the contribution of which he or she is capable, including regular attendance and participation at Board and Committee meetings, and preparation for all meetings, including review of all meeting materials provided in advance of the meeting; and ability to understand the perspectives of Kroger s customers, taking into consideration the diversity of our associates, customers, including regional and geographic differences. The Corporate Governance Committee also considers the specific experience and abilities of director candidates in light of our current business, strategy, and structure, and the current or expected needs of the Board in its identification and recruitment of director candidates and diversity of experience, skills and background. The criteria for Board membership applied by the Corporate Governance Committee in its evaluation of potential Board members does not vary based on whether a candidate is recommended by our directors, a third-party search firm, or shareholders. 22 Candidates Nominated by Shareholders The Corporate Governance Committee will consider shareholder recommendations for director nominees for election to the Board. If shareholders wish to nominate a person or persons for election to the Board at our 2026 annual meeting, written notice must be submitted to Kroger s Secretary, and received at our executive offices, in accordance with Kroger s Regulations, not later than March 31, 2026. Such notice should include the name, age, business address, and residence address of such person, the principal occupation or employment of such person, the number of Kroger common shares owned of record or beneficially by such person and any other information relating to the person that would be required to be included in a proxy statement relating to the election of directors. The Secretary will forward the information to the Corporate Governance Committee for its consideration. The Corporate Governance Committee will use the same criteria in evaluating candidates submitted by shareholders as it uses in evaluating candidates identified by the Corporate Governance Committee, as described above. See Director Nominee Selection Process. Additionally, to comply with the universal proxy rules, shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than our nominees must provide notice to Kroger s Secretary that sets forth the information required by Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act no later than April 27, 2026, and must comply with the additional requirements of Rule 14a-19(b). Eligible shareholders have the ability to submit director nominees for inclusion in our proxy statement for the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. To be eligible, shareholders must have owned at least 3% of our common shares for at least three years. Up to 20 shareholders are able to aggregate for this purpose. Nominations must be submitted to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices no earlier than December 16, 2025 and no later than January 15, 2026. Annual Board Evaluation Process The Board and each of its Committees conduct an annual evaluation to determine whether the Board is functioning effectively both at the Board and at the Committee levels. As part of this annual evaluation, the Board assesses whether the current leadership structure and function continues to be appropriate for Kroger and its shareholders, including in consideration of director succession planning. Every year, the Board s goal is to increase the effectiveness of the Board and the results of these evaluations are used for this purpose. The Board recognizes that a robust evaluation process is an essential component of strong corporate governance practices and ensuring Board effectiveness. The Corporate Governance Committee oversees an annual evaluation process led by either the Lead Independent Director or an independent third party. Each director completes a detailed annual evaluation of the Board and the Committees on which he or she serves and the Lead Director or an independent third-party conducts interviews with each of the directors. This year, the annual evaluation was conducted by the Lead Director. Topics covered include, among others: The effectiveness of the Board and Board Committees and the active participation of all directors The Board and Committees skills and experience and whether additional skills or experience are needed The effectiveness of Board and Committee meetings, including the frequency of the meetings Board interaction with management, including the level of access to management, and the responsiveness of management The effectiveness of the Board s evaluation of management performance Additional subject matters the Board would like to see presented at their meetings or Committee meetings Board s governance procedures The culture of the Board to promote participation in a meaningful and constructive way The results of this Board evaluation are discussed by the full Board and each Committee, as applicable, and changes to the Board s and its Committees practices are implemented as appropriate. 23 Over the past several years, this evaluation process has contributed to various enhancements in the way the Board and the Committees operate, including increased focus on continuous Board refreshment and diversity of experience, skills and backgrounds of its members as well as ensuring that Board and Committee agendas are appropriately focused on strategic priorities and provide adequate time for director discussion and input. Outside Board Service No director who is an officer of the Company may serve as a director of another company without the approval of the Corporate Governance Committee. Directors who are not officers of the Company may not serve as a director of another company if in so doing such service would interfere with the director s ability to properly perform his or her responsibilities on behalf of the Company and its shareholders, as determined by the Corporate Governance Committee. Currently, our interim CEO serves on two other public company boards. None of our current directors serve on more than three total public company Boards, including Kroger s Board. 24 Director Onboarding and Engagement All directors are expected to invest the time and energy required to gain an in-depth understanding of our business and operations in order to enhance their strategic value to our Board. We develop tailored onboarding plans for each new director. We arrange meetings for each new director with appropriate officers and associates in order to familiarize him or her with the Company s strategic plans, financial statements, and key policies and practices. We also provide training on fiduciary obligations of board members and corporate governance topics, as well as committee-specific onboarding. From time to time, the Company will provide Board members with presentations from experts within and outside of the Company on topics relevant to the Board s responsibilities. Any member of the Board may attend accredited third-party training, and the expenses will be paid by the Company. Board meetings are periodically held at a location away from our home office in a geography in which we operate. In connection with these Board meetings, our directors learn more about the local business environment through meetings with our regional business leaders and visits to our stores, competitors stores, manufacturing facilities, distribution facilities, and/or customer fulfillment centers. Committees of the Board of Directors To assist the Board in undertaking its responsibilities, and to allow deeper engagement in certain areas of company oversight, the Board has established five standing Committees: Audit, Compensation and Talent Development ( Compensation ), Corporate Governance, Finance, and Public Responsibilities. All Committees are composed exclusively of independent directors, as determined under the NYSE listing standards. Each Committee has the responsibilities set forth in its respective charter, each of which has been approved by the Board. The current charter of each Board Committee is available on our website at ir.kroger.com under Investors Governance Corporate Governance Guidelines. The current membership, 2024 meetings, and responsibilities of each Committee are summarized below: Name of Committee, Number of Meetings, and Current Members Primary Committee Responsibilities Audit Committee Meetings in 2024: 5 Members: Anne Gates, Chair Karen M. Hoguet Ashok Vemuri Oversees the Company s financial reporting and accounting matters, including review of the Company s financial statements and the audit thereof, the Company s financial reporting and accounting process, and the Company s systems of internal control over financial reporting Selects, evaluates, and oversees the compensation and work of the independent registered public accounting firm and reviews its performance, qualifications, and independence Oversees and evaluates the Company s internal audit function, including review of its audit plan, policies and procedures, and significant findings Oversees enterprise risk assessment and risk management, including review of cybersecurity risks and regular reports received from management and independent third parties Reviews significant legal and regulatory matters Reviews and monitors the Company s operational and third- party compliance programs and updates thereto Reviews Ethics Hotline reports and discusses material matters Reviews and approves related party transactions Conducts executive sessions with independent registered public accounting firm and Vice President, Internal Audit at each meeting Conducts executive sessions with the Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary, Vice President and Chief Ethics Compliance Officer, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer individually at least once per year 25 Name of Committee, Number of Meetings, and Current Members Primary Committee Responsibilities Compensation Committee Meetings in 2024: 6 Members: Clyde R. Moore, Chair Kevin M. Brown Amanda Sourry Mark S. Sutton Recommends for approval by the independent directors the compensation of the CEO and approves the compensation of senior officers Administers the Company s executive compensation policies and programs, including determining grants of equity awards under the plans Reviews annual incentive plans and long-term incentive plan metrics and plan design Reviews emerging legislation and governance issues and retail compensation trends Reviews the Company s executive compensation peer group Reviews CEO pay analysis Reviews Human Capital Management Has sole authority to retain and direct the Committee s compensation consultant Assists the full Board with senior management succession planning Conducts executive sessions with the Executive Vice President and Associate Experience Officer and independent compensation consultant Corporate Governance Committee Meetings in 2024: 2 Members: Mark S. Sutton, Chair Elaine L. Chao Anne Gates Clyde R. Moore Oversees the Company s corporate governance policies and procedures Develops criteria for selecting and retaining directors, including identifying and recommending qualified candidates to be director nominees Designates membership and Chairs of Board Committees Oversees and administers Board evaluation process Reviews the Board s performance Establishes and reviews the practices and procedures by which the Board performs its functions Reviews director independence, financial literacy, and designation of financial expertise Administers director nomination process Interviews and nominates candidates for director election Reviews compliance with share ownership guidelines Reviews and participates in shareholder engagement Reviews and establishes independent director compensation Oversees the annual CEO evaluation process conducted by the full Board 26 Name of Committee, Number of Meetings, and Current Members Primary Committee Responsibilities Finance Committee Meetings in 2024: 5 Members: Karen M. Hoguet, Chair Nora A. Aufreiter Amanda Sourry Ashok Vemuri Oversees the Company s financial affairs and management of the Company s financial resources Reviews the Company s annual and long-term financial plans, capital spending plans, capital allocation strategy, and use of cash Approves and recommends for approval to the Board certain capital expenditures Reviews the Company s dividend policy and share buybacks Reviews strategic transactions, capital structure, including potential issuance of debt or equity securities, credit agreements, and other financing transactions Monitors the investment management of assets held in pension and profit-sharing plans administered by the Company Oversees the Company s policies and procedures on hedging, swaps, risk management, and other derivative transactions Oversees the Company s engagement and relationships with, and standing in, the financial community Public Responsibilities Committee Meetings in 2024: 3 Members: Nora A. Aufreiter, Chair Kevin M. Brown Elaine L. Chao Reviews the practices of the Company affecting its responsibility as a corporate citizen Examines and reviews the Company s practices related to environmental sustainability, and social impact, including but not limited to climate impacts packaging food and operational waste food access responsible sourcing supplier opportunities people safety, food safety, and pharmacy safety Examines and reviews the Company s Sustainability and Social Impact strategy Reviews the Company s community engagement and philanthropy Reviews the Company s advocacy and public policy Reviews the Company s communications and Corporate Brand stewardship Assesses the Company s effort in evaluating and responding to changing public expectations and public issues that affect the business 27 Shareholder Engagement Maintaining ongoing relationships with our shareholders, and understanding our shareholders views, is a priority for both our Board and management team. We have a longstanding history of engaging with our shareholders through our investor relations program and our year-round governance outreach program, including participation for our Lead Director. In 2024, under the direction of the Board, we requested engagement meetings with 33 shareholders representing 61% of our outstanding shares and subsequently met with 21 shareholders representing 24% of our outstanding shares (many of those shareholders we met with more than once). Some investors we contacted either did not respond or confirmed that a discussion was not needed at that time. We conduct shareholder outreach throughout the year to engage with shareholders on issues that are important to them and us. During these engagements we discussed and solicited feedback on a range of topics, which informed Board discussions and decisions, including but not limited to: Business Strategy Kroger s growth strategy, priorities, and value drivers Our strong value creation model and recent performance Responsible Business Practices Disclosures Discussions with investors regarding our responsible business strategy, Thriving Together , our topic management approach, and long-term sustainability and social impact goals Board oversight of Thriving Together and updated Committee responsibilities Annual ESG reporting and disclosures, including our alignment with the TCFD, SASB, and GRI reporting frameworks The centerpiece of our strategy is Zero Hunger | Zero Waste, an industry-leading platform for collective action and systems change to end hunger in our communities and eliminate waste across our Company Human Capital Management Our focus on our associates well-being, including increasing our average hourly associate wage, comprehensive benefits, and opportunities for internal progression and leadership development training Workforce demographics reporting studies Leadership development and succession planning 28 Compensation Structure Overview of compensation program design and alignment of pay and performance Consideration of short- and long-term metrics, including financial and non-financial metrics The balance of equity and cash compensation, as well as fixed versus at risk compensation Board and Board Oversight Our Board s approach to board refreshment considering diversity of experience, skills and background, balance of tenure, and alignment of board skills and experience with Kroger s current and long-term business strategies Board and Committee responsibilities for oversight of responsible business strategy priorities, and approach to risk management Kroger s latest formal materiality assessment, conducted in alignment with principles of double materiality. Overall shareholders expressed appreciation for the opportunity to have an ongoing discussion and were complimentary of Kroger s responsible business practices. Specifically, shareholders recognized the actions we took to formalize our responsible business strategy, Thriving Together, and how our Board oversees this strategy, including our goals and initiatives. These conversations provided valuable insights into our shareholders evolving perspectives, which were shared with our full Board. Board s Response to Shareholder Proposals Accountability to our shareholders continues to be an important component of our success. We actively engage with our shareholder proponents. Every year, following our Annual Shareholders Meeting, our Corporate Governance Committee considers the voting outcomes for shareholder proposals. In addition, our Corporate Governance Committee and other Committees, as appropriate, consider proposed courses of action in light of the voting outcomes for shareholder proposals under their oversight, as well as feedback provided directly from our shareholders. Corporate Governance Guidelines The Board has adopted the Guidelines, which provide a framework for the Board s governance and oversight of the Company. The Guidelines are available on our website at ir.kroger.com under Investors Governance Corporate Governance Guidelines. Shareholders may also obtain a copy of the Guidelines, at no cost, by making a written request to Kroger s Secretary at our executive offices. Certain key principles addressed in the Guidelines are summarized below. 29 Independence The Board has determined that all of the current independent directors and nominees have no material relationships with Kroger and satisfy the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 303A.02 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Therefore, all independent directors and nominees are independent for purposes of the NYSE listing standards. The Board made its determination based on information furnished to the Company by each of the directors regarding their relationships with Kroger and its management, and other relevant information. The Board considered, among other things, that the value of any business transactions between Kroger and entities with which the directors are affiliated falls below the thresholds identified by the NYSE listing standards, and no directors had any material relationships with Kroger other than serving on our Board. The Board also considered that Kroger purchases from International Paper Company, where Mark Sutton was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and from Dell Technologies Inc. where Kevin Brown is an officer. The Board determined that these transactions do no impair independence of either director as they are in the ordinary course of business on the same terms offered to similar purchases and do not exceed applicable independence thresholds. Audit Committee Independence and Expertise The Board has determined that Anne Gates, Karen M. Hoguet, and Ashok Vemuri, independent directors, each of whom is a member of the Audit Committee, are Audit Committee Financial Experts as defined by applicable Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regulations and that all members of the Audit Committee are financially literate as that term is defined in the NYSE listing standards and are independent in accordance with Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Code of Ethics The Board has adopted The Kroger Co. Policy on Business Ethics , applicable to all officers, associates, and directors, including Kroger s principal executive, financial, and accounting officers. The Policy on Business Ethics is available on our website at ir.kroger.com under Investors Governance Policy on Business Ethics. Shareholders may also obtain a copy of the Policy on Business Ethics by making a written request to Kroger s Secretary at our executive offices. Communications with the Board The Board has established two separate mechanisms for shareholders and interested parties to communicate with the Board. Any shareholder or interested party who has concerns regarding accounting, improper use of Kroger assets, or ethical improprieties may report these concerns via the toll-free hotline (800-689-4609) or website (ethicspoint.com) established by the Board s Audit Committee. The concerns are investigated by Kroger s Vice President, Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, and the Vice President of Internal Audit and reported to the Audit Committee as deemed appropriate. Shareholders or interested parties also may communicate with the Board in writing directed to Kroger s Secretary at our executive offices. Communications relating to personnel issues, ordinary business operations, or companies seeking to do business with us, will be forwarded to the business unit of Kroger that the Secretary deems appropriate. Other communications will be forwarded to the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee for further consideration. The Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee will take such action as he or she deems appropriate, which may include referral to the full Corporate Governance Committee or the entire Board. Executive Officer Succession Planning The Guidelines provide that the Compensation Committee will review Company policies and programs for talent development and evaluation of executive officers and will review management succession planning. The Committee evaluates the specific qualities, skills and experience that are needed to support Kroger s current and long-term business strategies. The process around succession and understanding the skillsets needed to lead Kroger is comprehensive and refreshes each year. Attendance The Board held nine meetings in fiscal year 2024. During fiscal 2024, all incumbent directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and Committees on which that director served. Members of 30 the Board are expected to use their best efforts to attend all annual meetings of shareholders. All Board members attended last year s virtual annual meeting. Independent Compensation Consultants The Compensation Committee directly engages a compensation consultant to advise the Compensation Committee in the design of Kroger s executive compensation. The Committee retained Korn Ferry to provide the Committee with assistance in evaluating Kroger s executive compensation programs and policies. In fiscal 2024, Kroger paid Korn Ferry $232,750 for work performed for the Compensation Committee. Kroger, on management s recommendation, retained Korn Ferry to provide other services for Kroger in fiscal 2024 for which Kroger paid $1,643,911. These other services primarily related to the proposed merger with Albertsons, salary surveys, and coaching services. The Compensation Committee expressly approved Korn Ferry performing these additional services. After taking into consideration the NYSE s independence standards and the SEC rules, the Compensation Committee determined that Korn Ferry was independent, and their work has not raised any conflict of interest. The Compensation Committee may engage an additional compensation consultant from time to time as it deems advisable. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of the Compensation Committee was an officer or associate of Kroger during fiscal 2024, and no member of the Compensation Committee is a former officer of Kroger or was a party to any related person transaction involving Kroger required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. During fiscal 2024, none of our executive officers served on the board of directors or on the compensation committee of any other entity that has or had executive officers serving as a member of Kroger s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee of the Board. The Board s Role in Risk Oversight While risk management is primarily the responsibility of Kroger s management team, the Board is responsible for strategic planning and overall supervision of our risk management activities. The Board s oversight of the material risks faced by Kroger occurs at both the full Board level and at the Committee level, each of which may engage advisors and experts from time to time to provide advice and counsel on risk-related matters. We believe that our approach to risk oversight optimizes our ability to assess inter-relationships among the various risks, make informed cost-benefit decisions, and approach emerging risks in a proactive manner for Kroger. We also believe that our risk oversight structure complements our current Board leadership structure, as it allows our independent directors, through the five fully independent Board Committees, and in executive sessions of independent directors led by the Lead Director, to exercise effective oversight of the actions of management s identification of risk and implementation of effective risk management policies and controls. The Board receives presentations throughout the year from various department and business unit leaders that include discussion of significant risks, including newly identified and evolving high priority risks. When new risks are identified, management conducts, and either the full Board or the appropriate Board committee reviews and discusses, an enterprise risk assessment related to such new risks which may include human capital, supply chain, associate and customer health and safety, legal, regulatory, and other risks. Management and the Board then discuss the relative severity of each category of risk as well as mitigating actions and considerations relating to disclosures of material risks. At each Board meeting, the CEO addresses matters of particular importance or concern, including any significant areas of risk, such as newly identified risks, that require Board attention. Additionally, through dedicated sessions focusing entirely on corporate strategy, the full Board reviews in detail Kroger s short- and long-term strategies, including consideration of significant risks facing Kroger either immediately or longer term and their potential impact. The independent directors, in executive sessions led by the Lead Director, address matters of particular concern, including significant areas of risk, that warrant further discussion or consideration outside the presence of Kroger employees. At the committee level, reports are given by management subject matter experts to each Committee on risks within the scope of their charters. Each Committee reports to the full Board at each meeting, including any areas of risk discussed by the Committee. The Audit Committee has oversight responsibility not only for financial reporting of Kroger s major financial exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control those exposures, but also for the effectiveness of management s processes that monitor and manage key business risks facing Kroger, as well as the major areas of 31 risk exposure, and management s efforts to monitor and control the major areas of risk exposure. The Audit Committee incorporates its risk oversight function into its regular reports to the Board and also discusses with management its policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. Cybersecurity Governance Our Vice President, Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer provides regular updates to the Audit Committee on our compliance risks and actions taken to mitigate that risk. In addition, the Audit Committee is charged with oversight of data privacy and cybersecurity risks. Protection of our customers data is a fundamental priority for our Board and management team. Kroger s Chief Digital Officer (CDO) and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) provide a quarterly update at each Committee meeting on cybersecurity risks and related mitigating actions to the Audit Committee, meet with the full Board and the Audit Committee at least annually, and inform the Committee immediately if a cybersecurity incident is deemed material. They report to the Audit Committee and the Board on compliance and regulatory issues, provide updates concerning continuously-evolving threats and mitigating actions, and present a NIST Cybersecurity Framework Scorecard. Additionally, the CDO and CISO discuss and present strategies to address geopolitical threats that may impact operations as well as technological changes, such as AI and quantum computing. In overseeing cybersecurity risks, the Audit Committee focuses on aggregated, thematic issues with a risk-based approach. Oversight of cybersecurity risk incorporates strategy metrics, third party cyber risk assessments, and internal audit and controls. An independent third party also regularly reports to the Audit Committee and the full Board on cybersecurity, and outside counsel advises the Board on best practices for cybersecurity oversight by the Board, and the evolution of that oversight over time. Management also reports on strategic key risk indicators, ongoing initiatives, and significant incidents and their impact. We experience cybersecurity threats and incidents from time to time. We are not aware of any material risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, and we have not experienced a cybersecurity threat or incident that has materially affected Kroger in at least the last three years. There can be no assurance that cybersecurity threats will not have a material effect on us in the future. For more information please see Item 1C. Cybersecurity in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended February 1, 2025, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2025. 32 Director Compensation 2024 Director Compensation The following table describes the fiscal year 2024 compensation for independent directors. Mr. McMullen, our former CEO, did not receive compensation for his Board service. Mr. Sargent, our current interim CEO and Chairman of the Board, served as an independent director and lead director during the entirety of our fiscal year ended February 1, 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards (1) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation (2) Total Nora A. Aufreiter $124,256 $198,577 $0 $322,833 Kevin M. Brown $104,375 $198,577 $0 $302,952 Elaine L. Chao $104,375 $198,577 $0 $302,952 Anne Gates $139,167 $198,577 $0 $337,744 Karen M. Hoguet $134,196 $198,577 $0 $332,773 Clyde R. Moore $124,256 $198,577 $322,833 Ronald L. Sargent $173,958 $198,577 $6,280 $378,815 Amanda Sourry $104,375 $198,577 $0 $302,952 Mark S. Sutton $104,375 $198,577 $0 $302,952 Ashok Vemuri $114,315 $198,577 $0 $312,892 (1) Amounts reported in the Stock Awards column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the annual incentive share award, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. On July 15, 2024, each independent director then serving received 3,810 incentive shares with a grant date fair value of $198,577. (2) The amount reported for Mr. Sargent represents preferential earnings on nonqualified deferred compensation. For a complete explanation of preferential earnings, please refer to footnote 5 to the Summary Compensation Table. Mr. Moore s pension value decreased by $37,438 which represents the change in actuarial present value of his accumulated benefit under the pension plan for independent directors. This change in value of accumulated pension benefits is not included in the Director Compensation Table because the value decreased. Pension values may fluctuate significantly from year to year depending on a number of factors, including age, average annual earnings, and the assumptions used to determine the present value, such as the discount rate. The decrease in the actuarial present value of his accumulated pension benefit for 2024 is primarily due to the increase in the discount rate as well as the change in value due to aging, partially offset by the mortality assumption change. Annual Compensation Each independent director receives an annual cash retainer of $105,000. The Lead Director receives an additional annual retainer of $40,000 per year; the members of the Audit Committee each receive an additional annual retainer of $10,000; the Chair of the Audit Committee receives an additional annual retainer of $25,000; and the Chair of each of the other Committees receives an additional annual retainer of $20,000. Each independent director also receives an annual grant of incentive shares (Kroger common shares) with a value of approximately $200,000. 33 The Board has determined that compensation of independent directors must be competitive on an ongoing basis to attract and retain directors who meet the qualifications for service on the Board. Independent director compensation was adjusted in 2023 and will be reviewed from time to time as the Corporate Governance Committee deems appropriate. Pension Plan Independent directors first elected prior to July 17, 1997, receive an unfunded retirement benefit equal to the average cash compensation for the five calendar years preceding retirement. Only Mr. Moore is eligible for this benefit. Benefits begin at the later of actual retirement or age 65. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation We also maintain a deferred compensation plan for independent directors. Participants may defer up to 100% of their cash compensation and/or the receipt of all (and not less than all) of the annual award of incentive shares. Cash Deferrals Cash deferrals are credited to a participant s deferred compensation account. Participants may elect from either or both of the following two alternative methods of determining benefits: interest accrues until paid out at the rate of interest determined prior to the beginning of the deferral year to represent Kroger s cost of ten-year debt; and/or amounts are credited in phantom stock accounts and the amounts in those accounts fluctuate with the price of Kroger common shares. In both cases, deferred amounts are paid out only in cash, based on deferral options selected by the participant at the time the deferral elections are made. Participants can elect to have distributions made in a lump sum or in quarterly installments, and may make comparable elections for designated beneficiaries who receive benefits in the event that deferred compensation is not completely paid out upon the death of the participant. Incentive Share Deferrals Participants may also defer the receipt of all (and not less than all) of the annual award of incentive shares. Distributions will be made by delivery of Kroger common shares within 30 days after the date which is six months after the participant s separation of service. Director Stock Ownership Guidelines Independent directors are required to own shares equivalent to five times their annual base cash retainer. For more details on the Stock Ownership Guidelines, see page 51. 34 Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock The following table sets forth the common shares beneficially owned as of April 28, 2025 by Kroger s directors, the NEOs, and the directors and executive officers as a group. The percentage of ownership is based on 665,853,060 of Kroger common shares outstanding on April 28, 2025. Shares reported as beneficially owned include shares held indirectly through Kroger s defined contribution plans and other shares held indirectly, as well as shares subject to stock options exercisable on or before June 27, 2025. Except as otherwise noted, each beneficial owner listed in the table has sole voting and investment power with regard to the common shares beneficially owned by such owner. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each of the beneficial owners listed below is c/o The Kroger Co., Corporate Secretary, 1014 Vine Street, Cincinnati, OH 45202. Name Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) Options Exercisable on or before June 27, 2025 included in column (a) Mary Ellen Adcock 318,232 99,509 Nora A. Aufreiter (2) 57,053 Kevin M. Brown 19,038 Elaine L. Chao (2) 16,495 Yael Cosset 369,660 230,536 Todd A. Foley 66,353 21,525 Anne Gates (2) 51,971 Karen M. Hoguet (3) 27,586 Timothy A. Massa (4) 517,379 275,203 W. Rodney McMullen (5) 6,154,900 2,501,970 Gary Millerchip 84,797 Clyde R. Moore 125,957 Ronald L. Sargent (2) 252,312 Amanda Sourry 19,038 Mark S. Sutton (2) 46,814 Ashok Vemuri 32,934 Directors and executive officers as a group (21 persons, including those named above) (6) 2,898,872 1,102,040 (1) No director or officer owned as much as 1% of Kroger common shares. The directors and executive officers as a group beneficially owned .4% of Kroger common shares. (2) This amount includes incentive share awards that were deferred under the deferred compensation plan for independent directors in the following amounts: Ms. Aufreiter, 10,513; Ms. Chao, 12,411; Ms. Gates, 20,946; Mr. Sargent, 66,886; Mr. Sutton, 7,237. (3) This amount includes 2,075 shares held by Ms. Hoguet s spouse. She disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares. (4) This amount includes 115,000 shares held in a trust by Mr. Massa s spouse. He disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares. (5) This amount represents shares beneficially owned by Mr. McMullen as of the date of his resignation on March 2, 2025. The Company does not have information as to his current share ownership. (6) Mr. Millerchip and Mr. McMullen are departed executive officers, having resigned on February 5, 2024 and March 2, 2025, respectively, and as such are not included in this group. 35 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial owners of more than five percent of Kroger common shares as of April 28, 2025, based on reports on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC. Name Address Amount and Nature of Ownership Percentage of Class Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 3555 Farnman Street Omaha, NE 68131 50,000,000 (1) 7.0% BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 67,356,305 (2) 9.3% The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 81,623,904 (3) 11.35% (1) Reflects beneficial ownership by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. as of December 31, 2022, as reported on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, reporting shared voting power with respect to 50,000,000 common shares, and shared dispositive power with respect to 50,000,000 common shares. (2) Reflects beneficial ownership by BlackRock Inc., as of September 30, 2024, as reported on Amendment No. 17 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 8, 2024, reporting sole voting power with respect to 60,329,920 common shares, and sole dispositive power with respect to 67,356,305 common shares. (3) Reflects beneficial ownership by The Vanguard Group, as of December 29, 2023, as reported on Amendment No. 9 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, reporting shared voting power with respect to 854,883 common shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 78,809,048 common shares, and shared dispositive power with respect to 2,814,856 common shares. 36 Related Person Transactions The Board has adopted a written policy requiring that any Related Person Transaction may be consummated or continue only if the Audit Committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the policy. A Related Person Transaction is one (a) involving Kroger, (b) in which one of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers, or greater than five percent shareholders, or their immediate family members, have a direct or indirect material interest; and (c) the amount involved exceeds $120,000 in a fiscal year. Pursuant to our policy, our Audit Committee has pre-approved transactions with Related Persons that are in the ordinary course of business if the aggregate amount involved in any fiscal year does not exceed the greater of $1,000,000 or 2 percent of such other company s consolidated gross revenues; provided that such transactions are reported to the Audit Committee at regular committee meetings. The Audit Committee will approve only those Related Person Transactions that are in, or not inconsistent with, the best interests of Kroger and its shareholders, as determined by the Audit Committee in good faith in accordance with its business judgment. No director may participate in any review, approval, or ratification of any transaction if he or she, or an immediate family member, has a direct or indirect material interest in the transaction. Where a Related Person Transaction will be ongoing, the Audit Committee may establish guidelines for management to follow in its ongoing dealings with the related person and the Audit Committee will review and assess the relationship on an annual basis to ensure it complies with such guidelines and that the Related Person Transaction remains appropriate. 37 Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides an overview of the elements and philosophy of our executive compensation program as well as how and why the Compensation Committee and our Board of Directors make specific compensation decisions and policies with respect to our Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ). Executive Summary We delivered strong performance in 2024. Kroger achieved strong results in 2024 as we executed on our Leading with Fresh and Accelerating with Digital strategy, building on growth over the last three years. We are delivering a fresh, affordable, and seamless shopping experience for our customers, with zero compromise on quality, selection, or convenience. We are delivering on our financial commitments through our strong, resilient Value Creation Model. In 2024, we achieved financial performance results of ID sales, without fuel, of 1.5%, and adjusted FIFO operating profit, including fuel, of $4.7 billion 1 . Our executive compensation program aligns with long-term shareholder value creation. 92% of our CEO s target total direct compensation and, on average, 84% of the other NEOs compensation is at risk and performance-based, tied to achievement of performance targets that are important to our shareholders or our long-term share price performance. The annual performance incentive was earned above target. The annual incentive program, based on a grid of identical sales, excluding fuel, and adjusted FIFO operating profit, including fuel, paid out at 108.7% of target, in line with the goals and targets set by the Committee. The long-term performance incentive payout reflects alignment with performance over fiscal years 2022, 2023, and 2024. Long-term performance unit equity awards granted in 2022 and tied to commitments made to our investors and other stakeholders regarding long-term sales growth, value creation (iTSR) metric percentage, our commitment to Fresh, and relative Total Shareholder Return were earned at 69.4% of target. We prioritized investment in our people. We strive to create a culture of opportunity for more than 409,000 associates and take seriously our role as a leading employer in the United States. In 2024, we invested in our associates by continuing to raise our average hourly wage to above $19, or above $25, including comprehensive benefits. 1 See pages 30-39 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2025, for a reconciliation of GAAP operating profit to adjusted FIFO operating profit. 38 Our Named Executive Officers for Fiscal 2024 Name Title W. Rodney McMullen* Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Todd Foley Senior Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer Mary Ellen Adcock Executive Vice President and Chief Merchant and Marketing Officer Yael Cosset Executive Vice President and Chief Digital Officer Timothy A. Massa Executive Vice President and Associate Experience Officer Gary Millerchip** Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer *As disclosed on our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2025, Mr. McMullen resigned as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on March 2, 2025. On March 2, 2025, the Board appointed Ronald Sargent, previously the Board s Lead Director, as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. This Compensation Discussion Analysis reflects the compensation received by Mr. McMullen for his services for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025. **As disclosed on our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2024, Mr. Millerchip resigned as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Foley served as Interim Chief Financial Officer during the remainder of the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025. Fiscal 2024 Financial and Strategic Performance Highlights Driven by our unwavering purpose to Feed the Human Spirit, Kroger achieved strong results in 2024 as we executed on our Leading with Fresh and Accelerating with Digital strategy, building on growth over the last three years. Our associates are customer-focused, delivering the products customers want, when and how they want them, with zero compromise on quality, convenience, and selection. In 2024, we achieved financial performance results of ID sales, without fuel, of 1.5%, and adjusted FIFO operating profit of $4.7 billion. We have built a digital platform that offers a seamless shopping experience, allowing customers to shift effortlessly between store, pickup and delivery solutions. In 2024, we increased delivery sales, increased digitally engaged households, and grew loyalty as our customers more deeply engaged with personalized coupons and fuel rewards. Our associates enable our success, and we are committed to investing in theirs by continuing to improve wages, comprehensive benefits, and career development opportunities. Over the last six years, we have invested more than $2.7 billion in incremental wage investments. Continued strategic efforts to streamline our operations allowed us to achieve cost savings greater than $1 billion to balance these investments without compromising food affordability for our customers across our communities. As part of our Zero Hunger | Zero Waste social and environmental impact plan, in 2024, we donated 509 million meals to feed families across America. Our proven go-to-market strategy enables us to successfully navigate many operating environments. We believe that by delivering value for our customers, investing in our associates and serving our communities, we will continue to achieve attractive and sustainable total returns for our shareholders. 2024 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation and Shareholder Engagement At the 2024 annual meeting, we held our annual advisory vote on executive compensation. Approximately 91% of the votes cast were in favor of the advisory vote. As part of our ongoing dialogue with our shareholders regarding governance matters, in 2024, we requested meetings with 33 shareholders representing 61% of our outstanding shares during proxy season and off-season engagement and subsequently met with 21 shareholders representing 24% of our outstanding shares. Some investors we contacted either did not respond or confirmed that a discussion was not needed at that time. Conversations in these meetings included discussions about our NEOs compensation program, with our shareholders providing feedback that they appreciated the pay-for-performance structure of our executive pay program. The Compensation Committee considers both the general and specific feedback received from shareholders, and with the guidance of our independent compensation consultant, incorporates that input into pay design. 39 2024 Compensation Program Overview The fixed and at-risk pay elements of the NEO compensation program are reflected in the following table and charts. Fiscal Year 2024 CEO Compensation For fiscal year 2024, the Compensation Committee established Mr. McMullen s target direct compensation so that only 8% of his compensation was fixed. The remaining 92% of target compensation was at-risk, meaning that the actual compensation for Mr. McMullen depended on the extent to which the Company achieved the performance metrics set by the Compensation Committee, and with respect to all of the equity vehicles, the future value of Kroger common shares. The table below compares fiscal 2024 to 2023 target direct compensation. Target total direct compensation is a more accurate reflection of how the Compensation Committee benchmarks and establishes CEO compensation than the disclosure provided in the Summary Compensation Table, which includes a combination of actual base salary and annual incentive compensation earned in the fiscal year, the grant date fair market value of at-risk equity compensation to be earned in future fiscal years, and the actuarial value of future pension benefits. Mr. McMullen s total target direct compensation shown below was determined, in part, based on our independent compensation consultant s examination of pay levels and the Committee s intention to achieve median pay levels among our peer group. 40 ($000s) Annual Long-Term Year Salary Target Annual Incentive Total Annual Performance Units Restricted Stock Stock Options Total LTI Target TDC Increase 2024 1,450 2,900 4,350 6,625 3,975 2,650 13,250 17,600 5.4% 2023 1,400 2,800 4,200 6,250 3,750 2,500 12,500 16,700 CEO and Named Executive Officer Target Pay Mix The amounts used in the charts below are based on 2024 target total direct compensation for the CEO and the average of other NEOs. As illustrated below, 92% of the CEO s target total direct compensation is at-risk. On average, 84% of the other NEOs compensation is at risk. Our Compensation Philosophy and Objectives Our executive compensation philosophy is to attract and retain the best management talent as well as motivate these associates to achieve our business and financial goals. Kroger s incentive plans are designed to reward the actions that lead to long-term value creation. We believe our strategy creates value for shareholders in a manner consistent with Kroger s purpose: To Feed the Human Spirit. The Compensation Committee believes that there is a strong link between our business strategy, the performance metrics in our short-term and long-term incentive programs, and the business results that drive shareholder value. To achieve our objectives, the Compensation Committee seeks to ensure that compensation is competitive and that there is a direct link between pay and performance. To do so, it is guided by the following principles: Compensation must be designed to attract and retain those individuals who are best suited to be an NEO at Kroger. A significant portion of pay should be performance-based, with the percentage of total pay tied to performance increasing proportionally with an NEO s level of responsibility. Compensation should include incentive-based pay to drive performance, providing superior pay for superior performance, including both a short- and long-term focus. Compensation policies should include an opportunity for, and a requirement of, significant equity ownership to align the interests of NEOs and shareholders. Components of compensation should be tied to an evaluation of business and individual performance measured against metrics that directly drive our business strategy. Compensation plans should provide a direct line of sight to company performance. Compensation programs should be aligned with market practices. Compensation programs should serve to both motivate and retain talent. 41 Summary of Key Compensation Practices What we do: What we do not do: Alignment of pay and performance Stock ownership guidelines for executives Multiple performance metrics under our short- and long-term performance-based plans discourage excessive risk taking and align with our long-term value creation strategy Double-trigger change in control provisions in all equity awards Double-trigger change in control provisions in cash severance benefits All long-term compensation is equity-based Engagement of an independent compensation consultant Robust clawback policy Ban on hedging, pledging, and short sales of Kroger securities Minimal perquisites No special severance or change in control programs applicable only to executive officers No cash component in long-term incentive plans No tax gross-up payments for executives No special executive life insurance benefit No re-pricing or backdating of stock options without shareholder approval No guaranteed salary increases or bonuses No payment of dividends or dividend equivalents until performance units are earned No evergreen or reload feature; no shares can be added to stock plan without shareholder approval Establishing Each Component of Executive Compensation The Compensation Committee recommends, and the independent members of the Board determine, each component of the CEO s compensation. The CEO recommends, and the Compensation Committee determines, each component of the other NEOs compensation. The Compensation Committee and the Board made changes to compensation in March of 2024. Equity awards were granted in March and salary and annual incentive plan increases were effective April 1, 2024. The Compensation Committee determines the amount of each NEO s salary, annual cash incentive plan target, and long-term equity compensation by taking into consideration numerous factors including: An assessment of individual contribution and performance; Benchmarking with comparable positions at peer group companies; Level in organization and tenure in role; and Internal equity among executives. The assessment of individual contribution and performance is a qualitative determination, based on the following factors: Leadership; Contribution to the executive officer group; Achievement of established performance objectives; Decision-makin