=== DVA_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the headings "Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements...;" and "We are subject to risks associated with our participation in government healthcare programs." Medicare Advantage revenue Medicare Advantage (MA, managed Medicare or Medicare Part C) plans are offered by private health insurers who contract with CMS to provide their members with Medicare Part A, Part B and/or Part D benefits. These MA plans include health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations, private fee-for-service (FFS) organizations, special needs plans (SNPs) or Medicare medical savings account plans. Since January 1, 2021, under the 21st Century Cures Act (the Cures Act) Medicare-eligible beneficiaries with ESRD can choose coverage under an MA plan. MA plans usually provide reimbursement to us at a negotiated rate that is generally higher than Medicare FFS rates. CMS releases an annual MA notice that includes, among other things, a MA payment rate for MA plans for ESRD patients and updates certain policies associated with risk adjustments. We continue to monitor MA notices, regulatory updates and guidance, as well as enforcement for impact on our business. Medicaid revenue Medicaid and Managed Medicaid programs are state-administered programs partially funded by the federal government. These programs are intended to provide health coverage for patients whose income and assets fall below state-defined levels and who are otherwise uninsured. These programs also serve as supplemental insurance programs for co-insurance payments due from Medicaid-eligible patients with primary coverage under the Medicare program. Some Medicaid programs also pay for additional services, including some oral medications that are not covered by Medicare. We are enrolled in the Medicaid programs in the states in which we conduct our business. Commercial revenue As discussed above, if a patient has commercial insurance and chooses to maintain that insurance, then that commercial insurance plan is generally responsible for payment of dialysis services for up to the first 33 months. Although commercial 7 payment rates vary, average commercial payment rates negotiated with commercial payors are generally higher than Medicare rates. The payments we receive from commercial payors generate nearly all of our profits and all of our non-hospital dialysis profits come from commercial payors. Payment methods from commercial payors can include a single per treatment rate, referred to as bundled rate, or in other cases separate payments for dialysis treatments and pharmaceuticals, if used as part of the treatment, referred to as FFS rates. Commercial payment rates are the result of negotiations between us and commercial payors or, on rare occasions, third party administrators. Our commercial contracts sometimes contain annual price escalator provisions. We are comprehensively contracted, and the vast majority of patients insured through commercial health plans are covered by one of our commercial contracts, though we also receive payments for a limited set of commercial patients that are covered by a health plan that considers us out-of-network. Our out-of-network payment rates are on average higher than in-network commercial contract payment rates. Approximately 26% of our U.S. dialysis patient service revenues and approximately 11% of our U.S. dialysis patients are associated with non-hospital commercial payors for the year ended December 31, 2025. Non-hospital commercial patients as a percentage of our total U.S. dialysis patients for 2025 was relatively flat compared to 2024. Less than 1% of our U.S. dialysis revenues are due directly from patients. No single commercial payor accounted for more than 10% of total U.S. dialysis revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for disclosure on our concentration related to our commercial payors on a total consolidated revenue basis. Both the number of our patients under commercial plans and the rates under these commercial plans are subject to change based on a number of factors. For additional detail on these factors and other risks associated with our commercial revenue, see the risk factors in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the headings " Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements...;" "If the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines...;" " If we are unable to negotiate and maintain contracts with private payors on competitive terms...; " and "Global health conditions, changing population or demographic trends, severe weather events or natural disasters and general economic and political conditions..." Physician relationships Joint venture partners We own and operate certain of our dialysis centers through entities that are structured as joint ventures. We generally hold controlling interests in these joint ventures, with nephrologists, hospitals, management services organizations, and/or other healthcare providers holding minority equity interests. These joint ventures are typically formed as limited liability companies. For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenues from joint ventures in which we have a controlling interest represented approximately 30% of our U.S. dialysis revenues. We expect to continue to enter into new U.S. dialysis-related joint ventures in the ordinary course of business. Community physicians ESKD patients generally seek treatment or support for their home treatment at an outpatient dialysis center near their home where their treating nephrologist has practice privileges. Our relationships with local nephrologists and our ability to provide quality dialysis services and to meet the needs of their patients are key factors in the success of our dialysis operations. Nearly 5,200 nephrologists currently refer patients to our outpatient dialysis centers. Medical directors Participation in the Medicare ESRD program requires that dialysis services at an outpatient dialysis center be under the general supervision of a medical director. Per these requirements, this individual is usually a board certified nephrologist. We engage physicians or groups of physicians to serve as medical directors for each of our outpatient dialysis centers. At some outpatient dialysis centers, we also separately contract with one or more other physicians or groups to serve as assistant or associate medical directors over other modalities such as home dialysis. We have over 900 individual physicians and physician groups under contract to provide medical director services. Medical directors for our dialysis centers enter into written contracts with us that specify their duties and fix their compensation for those services. These agreements range in duration, but generally are for periods of ten years. The compensation of our medical directors is the result of arm s length negotiations, consistent with fair market value, and generally depends upon an analysis of various factors such as the physician s duties, responsibilities, professional qualifications and experience, as well as the time and effort required to provide such services. Our medical director contracts and joint venture operating agreements generally include covenants not to compete or own interests in dialysis centers operated by other providers within a defined geographic area for a defined time period, as 8 applicable. These non-compete agreements do not restrict or limit the physicians from practicing medicine, restrict which patients a physician may treat, or prohibit the physicians from referring or rounding on patients at any outpatient dialysis center, including dialysis centers operated by other providers. Location of our U.S. dialysis centers We operated 2,657 outpatient dialysis centers in the U.S. as of December 31, 2025 and 2,605 of these centers are consolidated in our financial statements. Of the remaining 52 nonconsolidated U.S. outpatient dialysis centers, we own noncontrolling interests in 49 centers and provide management and administrative services to three centers that are wholly-owned by third parties. The locations of the 2,605 U.S. outpatient dialysis centers consolidated in our financial statements at December 31, 2025, were as follows: 9 Ancillary services, including our international operations Our ancillary services relate primarily to our core business of providing kidney care services. As of December 31, 2025, these consisted primarily of our U.S. IKC business, certain U.S. other ancillary businesses (including our clinical research programs, transplant software business, and venture investment group), and our international operations. We have made and continue to make investments in building our integrated care capabilities, including the operation of certain strategic business initiatives that are intended to integrate and coordinate care among healthcare participants across the renal care continuum from CKD to ESKD to kidney transplant. Through improved technology and data sharing, as well as an increasing focus on value-based contracting and care, these initiatives seek to bring together physicians, nurses, dieticians, pharmacists, hospitals, dialysis clinics, transplant centers, payors and other specialists with a view towards improving clinical outcomes for our patients and reducing the overall cost of comprehensive kidney care. Certain of our ancillary services are described below. U.S. Integrated Kidney Care Integrated Kidney Care. DaVita Integrated Kidney Care (IKC) provides advanced integrated care management services to health plans and government programs for members/beneficiaries diagnosed with ESKD and CKD. Through a combination of health monitoring, clinical coordination, innovative interventions, predictive analytics, medical claims analysis and information technology, we endeavor to assist our health plan and government program customers and patients in obtaining superior renal healthcare and improved clinical outcomes, as well as helping to reduce overall medical costs. Integrated kidney care management revenues from commercial and Medicare Advantage insurers can be based upon either an established contract fee recognized as earned for services provided over the contract period, or related to the operation of risk-based and value-based care programs, including shared savings, pay-for-performance, and capitation contracts. IKC also contracts with payors to support C-SNPs to provide ESKD patients full-service healthcare and integrated care management services. IKC participates in the payment model administered by CMMI, as described below under the heading " Government regulation CMMI Payment Models. " See Note 1, Other revenues, in the Company's consolidated financial statements for more information on how the Company accounts for its integrated care arrangements. Our IKC business is developing, and has entered into, various forms of technology-based, administrative, financial and other collaboration and incentive arrangements with physician partners and other providers in support of our innovative care model, developing and expanding IKC programs and arrangements. U.S. Other Ancillary services Clinical research programs. DaVita Clinical Research (DCR) is a provider-based specialty clinical research organization with a wide spectrum of services for clinical drug research and device development. DCR uses its extensive real-world healthcare expertise to assist in the design, recruitment and completion of retrospective and prospective studies. Revenues are based upon study generated fees, as determined by contract with drug companies and other sponsors, and are recognized as earned according to the contract terms. Transplant software business. DaVita's transplant software business, MedSleuth, works with transplant centers across the U.S. to provide greater connectivity among transplant candidates, transplant centers, physicians and care teams to help improve the experience and outcomes for kidney and liver transplant patients. Venture group. DaVita Venture Group (DVG) focuses on innovative products, solutions and businesses that improve care for patients with kidney disease and related conditions. DVG identifies companies and products for acquisitions, strategic partnerships, and venture investment opportunities. DVG s focus includes innovation in digital health, pharmaceuticals, medical devices, and care delivery models. For additional discussion of our ancillary services, see Part II Item 7, " Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. " International dialysis operations We operated 585 outpatient dialysis centers located in 14 countries outside of the U.S. serving approximately 94,500 patients as of December 31, 2025. Our international dialysis operations have continued to grow steadily and expand as a result of acquiring and developing outpatient dialysis centers in various strategic markets. Our international operations are included in our ancillary services. 10 As of December 31, 2025, the international outpatient dialysis centers we owned, managed or provided administrative services to were located as follows: Brazil 127 Colombia 74 Malaysia 71 Poland 64 Chile 63 Germany 46 United Kingdom 27 Ecuador 26 Saudi Arabia 26 Panama 16 Portugal 14 China 13 Japan 11 Singapore 7 585 For additional discussion of our international business, see Part II Item 7, " Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. " Corporate administrative support Corporate administrative support consists primarily of labor, benefits and long-term incentive compensation costs, as well as professional fees for departments which provide support to more than one of our different operating lines of business. These expenses are included in our consolidated general and administrative expenses. Government regulation We operate in a complex regulatory environment with an extensive and evolving set of federal, state, local and international governmental laws, regulations and other requirements. These laws, regulations and other requirements are promulgated and overseen by a number of different legislative, regulatory, administrative and quasi-regulatory bodies, each of which may have evolving priorities and varying interpretations, judgments or related guidance. These laws, regulations and other requirements will continue to change over time, and we utilize considerable resources on an ongoing basis to monitor, assess and respond to applicable legislative, regulatory and administrative requirements. Despite these efforts, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in our efforts to adhere to all of these requirements and there is no assurance that we will be able to accurately predict the nature, timing, or extent of any changes to these laws, regulations or requirements, or the impact of such changes on the markets in which we conduct business. If any of our personnel, representatives, third party vendors or operations are found to violate these or other laws, regulations or requirements, we could suffer additional severe consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additional discussion on certain of these laws, regulations and other requirements is set forth below in this section. Because the healthcare sector, including the dialysis industry, is regularly subject to negative publicity, the announcement or other public disclosure of governmental allegations or investigations and any associated adverse media coverage and political debate, regardless of merit, regarding the dialysis industry generally, or the U.S. healthcare system or DaVita in particular, may adversely affect our reputation and stock price and could impact our relationships and/or contracts related to our business, among other things. Our business is and we expect that our industry will continue to be subject to extensive and complex federal, state, local and international laws, regulations and other requirements, the scope and effect of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. We are also currently subject to various legal proceedings, such as lawsuits, investigations, audits and inquiries by various government and regulatory agencies, as described in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, and our operations and activities could be reviewed or challenged by regulatory authorities at any time in the future. In addition, these laws, regulations and other requirements, including interpretations thereof, that govern our business will continue to change over time, and there is no assurance that we will be able to accurately predict the nature, timing or extent of such changes or the impact of such changes on the markets in which we conduct business. For additional detail on risks related to each of the foregoing, as well as the consequences of any violation of applicable laws, regulations or other requirements, see the discussion in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the headings " Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, 11 regulations and other requirements...;" and "We are, and may in the future be, a party to various lawsuits, demands, claims, qui tam suits, governmental investigations and audits and other legal matters..." Licensure and Certification Our dialysis centers are certified by CMS, as required for the receipt of Medicare payments. Certain of our payor contracts also condition payment on Medicare certification. In some states, our outpatient dialysis centers also are required to secure additional state licenses and permits. Governmental authorities, primarily state departments of health, periodically inspect our centers to determine if we satisfy applicable federal and state standards and requirements, including the conditions for coverage in the Medicare ESRD program. We have experienced some delays in obtaining Medicare certifications from CMS, though changes by CMS in the prioritizing of dialysis providers as well as legislation allowing private entities to perform initial dialysis facility surveys for certification has helped to decrease or limit certain delays. Pursuant to the Provider Enrollment Rule, CMS has authority to revoke provider enrollment and to impose a Medicare reapplication bar where a prospective provider's Medicare enrollment application is denied because the provider submitted incomplete, false, or misleading information for providers who are terminated from the Medicare program. CMS may also deny enrollment to providers who have affiliations with other providers that CMS has determined pose undue risk of fraud, waste or abuse. If we fail to comply with these and other applicable requirements on our licensure and certification programs, particularly in light of increased penalties that include a 10-year bar to Medicare re-enrollment, under certain circumstances it could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. In addition to certification by CMS, our dialysis centers are also certified by each state Medicaid program, are licensed in those states that require licensing for dialysis clinics, and are required to obtain licenses, permits and certificates, including for such areas as biomedical waste. Failure to obtain the correct certifications, permits and certificates as well as a failure to adhere to the requirements thereunder, may result in penalties, fines, and the loss of the right to operate, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. Federal Anti-Kickback Statute The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, or order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Federal criminal penalties for the violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute include imprisonment, fines and exclusion of the provider from future participation in the federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. If any of our current or previous business transactions or arrangements, including but not limited to those described below were found to violate the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, we, among other things, could face such penalties and sanctions, and depending on the nature of the violation, these penalties and sanctions could be material. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute includes statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors that protect certain arrangements. Business transactions and arrangements that are structured fully within an applicable safe harbor do not violate the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. When an arrangement is not structured fully within a safe harbor, the arrangement must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis in light of the parties intent and the arrangement s potential for abuse, and may be subject to greater scrutiny by enforcement agencies. In the ordinary course of our business operations, DaVita and its ancillary businesses and subsidiaries enter into numerous arrangements with physicians and other potential referral sources, that potentially implicate the Anti-Kickback Statute. Examples of such arrangements include, among other things, medical director agreements, joint ventures, leases and subleases with entities in which physicians, hospitals or medical groups hold ownership interests, consulting agreements, hospital services agreements, discharge planning services agreements, acute dialysis services agreements, value-based care arrangements, employment and coverage agreements, and incentive performance arrangements. In addition, some referring physicians may own DaVita Inc. common stock. Furthermore, our dialysis centers and subsidiaries sometimes enter into certain rebate, pricing, or other contracts to acquire certain discounted items and services that may be reimbursed by a federal healthcare program. Agreements and other arrangements can still be appropriate under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute even if they fail to meet all parameters of a relevant safe harbor provision; and we endeavor to structure our arrangements within applicable safe harbors, although some arrangements are not structured fully within a safe harbor. 12 Stark Law The Stark Law is a strict liability civil law that prohibits a physician who has a financial relationship, or who has an immediate family member who has a financial relationship, with entities providing Designated Health Services (DHS), from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients to such entities for the furnishing of DHS, unless an exception applies. The types of financial arrangements between a physician and a DHS entity that trigger the self-referral prohibitions of the Stark Law are broad and include direct and indirect ownership and investment interests and compensation arrangements. The Stark Law also prohibits the DHS entity receiving a prohibited referral from presenting, or causing to be presented, a claim or billing for the services arising out of the prohibited referral. If the Stark Law is implicated, the financial relationship must fully satisfy a Stark Law exception. If an exception to the Stark Law is not satisfied, then the parties to the arrangement could be subject to sanctions. Sanctions for violation of the Stark Law include denial of payment for claims for services provided in violation of the prohibition, refunds of amounts collected in violation of the prohibition, civil penalties tied to each service arising out of the prohibited referral, statutory civil penalties against parties that enter into a scheme to circumvent the Stark Law prohibition, civil assessment of up to three times the amount claimed, and potential exclusion from the federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Furthermore, Stark Law violations and failure to return overpayments timely can form the basis for FCA liability as discussed below. The definition of DHS under the Stark Law excludes services paid under a composite rate, even if some of the components bundled in the composite rate are DHS. Although the ESRD bundled payment system is no longer titled a composite rate, we believe that the former composite rate payment system and the current bundled system are both composite systems excluded from the Stark Law. Since most services furnished to Medicare beneficiaries provided in our dialysis centers are reimbursed through a bundled rate, we believe that the services performed in our facilities generally are not DHS. Certain separately billable drugs (drugs furnished to an ESRD patient that are not for the treatment of ESRD that CMS allows our centers to bill for using the so-called AY modifier) may be considered DHS. However, we have implemented certain billing controls designed to limit DHS being billed out of our dialysis clinics. Likewise, the definition of inpatient hospital services, for purposes of the Stark Law, also excludes inpatient dialysis performed in hospitals that are not certified to provide ESRD services. Consequently, we believe that our arrangements with such hospitals for the provision of dialysis services to hospital inpatients should not trigger the Stark Law referral prohibition. In addition, although prescription drugs are DHS, there is an exception in the Stark Law for calcimimetics, ESAs and other specifically enumerated dialysis drugs when furnished in or by an ESRD facility such that the arrangement for the furnishing of the drugs does not violate the Stark Law. In the ordinary course of business operations, DaVita and its ancillary businesses and subsidiaries have many different types of financial arrangements with referring physicians that potentially implicate the Stark Law, including, but not limited to, medical director agreements, joint ventures, leases and subleases with entities in which physicians, hospitals or medical groups hold ownership interests, consulting agreements, hospital services agreements, discharge planning services agreements, acute dialysis services agreements, value-based care arrangements, employment agreements and incentive performance arrangements. In addition, some referring physicians may own our common stock in reliance on the Stark Law exception for investment interests in large publicly traded companies. If our interpretation of the applicability of the Stark Law to our operations is incorrect, the controls we have implemented fail, an arrangement is entered into outside of our processes, or we were to fail to satisfy an applicable exception to the Stark Law, we could be found to be in violation of the Stark Law and required to change our practices, face civil penalties, pay substantial fines, return certain payments received from Medicare and beneficiaries or otherwise experience a material adverse effect. In addition, it might be necessary to restructure existing compensation agreements with our medical directors and to repurchase or to request the sale of ownership interests in subsidiaries and partnerships held by referring physicians or, alternatively, to refuse to accept referrals for DHS from these physicians, or take other actions to modify our operations. Any finding by CMS or other regulatory or enforcement authorities that we have violated the Stark Law or related penalties and restructuring or other required actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, stock price and reputation. 13 False Claims Act The federal FCA is a means of policing false claims, false bills or false requests for payment in the healthcare delivery system. In part, the FCA authorizes the imposition of up to three times the government s damages and civil penalties, plus a substantial fine, which is adjusted annually for inflation, on any person who, among other acts: Knowingly presents or causes to be presented to the federal government, a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval; Knowingly makes, uses or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim; Knowingly makes, uses, or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay the government, or knowingly conceals or knowingly and improperly, avoids or decreases an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government; or Conspires to commit the above acts. In addition, the FCA imposes severe penalties for the knowing and improper retention of overpayments collected from government payors. Under these provisions, a provider is required to refund overpayments within 60 days of obtaining knowledge of the overpayment. A provider is deemed to have knowledge of the overpayment if it has actual knowledge, or if it acts with reckless disregard or deliberate ignorance of the overpayment. An overpayment impermissibly retained could subject us to liability under the FCA, exclusion from government healthcare programs, and penalties under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty statute. As a result of these provisions, our procedures for identifying and processing overpayments may be subject to greater scrutiny. The federal government has used the FCA to prosecute a wide variety of alleged false claims and fraud allegedly perpetrated against Medicare, MA, and other state and federal healthcare programs, including coding errors, billing for services not rendered, the submission of false cost reports, billing for services at a higher payment rate than appropriate, billing under a comprehensive code as well as under one or more component codes included in the comprehensive code and billing for care that is not considered medically necessary. In addition, under an existing Executive Order, the current administration seeks the right to pursue remedies under the FCA for violations of civil rights laws implicated by inappropriate diversity, equity and inclusion programs. The ACA provides that claims tainted by a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute are false for purposes of the FCA. Some courts have held that filing claims or failing to refund amounts collected in violation of the Stark Law can form the basis for liability under the FCA. In addition to the provisions of the FCA, which provide for civil enforcement, the federal government can use several criminal statutes to prosecute persons who are alleged to have submitted false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government. Fraud and abuse under state law State fraud and abuse laws related to anti-kickback, physician self-referral, beneficiary inducement and false claims often mirror those requirements of the applicable federal laws, or, in some instances contain additional or different requirements. If we were found to violate these state laws and regulations, we, among other things, could face criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including loss of licensure or possible exclusion from Medicaid and other state and federal healthcare programs. In addition to these fraud waste and abuse laws, some states in which we operate dialysis centers have laws prohibiting physicians from holding financial interests in various types of medical facilities to which they refer patients. Some of these laws could potentially be interpreted broadly as prohibiting physicians who hold shares of our publicly traded stock or are physician owners from referring patients to our dialysis centers if the centers use our laboratory subsidiary to perform laboratory services for their patients or do not otherwise satisfy an exception to the law. States also have laws similar to or stricter than the federal Anti-Kickback Statute that may affect our ability to receive referrals from physicians with whom we have financial relationships, such as our medical directors and value-based care partners, or with other referral sources, including hospitals. Some state anti-kickback laws also include civil and criminal penalties. Some of these laws include exemptions that may be applicable to our medical directors, value-based care partners and other physician and referral source relationships or for financial interests limited to shares of publicly traded stock. Some, however, may include no explicit exemption for certain types of agreements and/or relationships entered into with referral sources such as physicians and hospitals. If these laws are interpreted to apply to referring sources with whom we contract for items or services, including medical directors, value-based care partners, and hospitals, to referring physicians or hospitals with whom we hold joint ownership interests, or to referring entities or individuals who hold interests in DaVita Inc. limited solely to our publicly traded stock, and for which no applicable exception exists, we may be required to terminate or restructure our relationships with or refuse referrals from these referring 14 entities or individuals and could be subject to criminal, civil and administrative sanctions, refund requirements and exclusions from participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Corporate Practice of Medicine and Fee-Splitting There are some states in which we operate that have laws that prohibit business entities not owned by health care providers, such as our Company and our subsidiaries, from practicing medicine, employing physicians and other licensed health care providers providing certain clinical services or exercising control over medical or clinical decisions by physicians and potentially other types of licensed health care providers (known collectively as the corporate practice of medicine). These states may also prohibit entities from engaging in certain financial arrangements, such as fee-splitting, with physicians and potentially other types of licensed health care providers. Violations of the corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting and related laws vary by state and may result in physicians and potentially other types of licensed health care providers being subject to disciplinary action, as well as to forfeiture of revenues from payors for services rendered. Violations may also bring both civil and, in more extreme cases, criminal liability for engaging in medical practice without a license and violating the corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting and related laws. Some of the relevant laws, regulations, and agency interpretations in states with corporate practice of medicine restrictions have been subject to limited judicial and regulatory interpretation. Civil Monetary Penalties Statute The Civil Monetary Penalties Statute, 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a, authorizes the imposition of civil money penalties, assessments, and exclusion against an individual or entity based on a variety of prohibited conduct, including, but not limited to: Presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment to Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that the individual or entity knows or should know are for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent; Offering remuneration to a federal healthcare program beneficiary that the individual or entity knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary to order or receive healthcare items or services from a particular provider; Arranging contracts with an entity or individual excluded from participation in the federal healthcare programs; Violating the federal Anti-Kickback Statute; Making, using, or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim for payment for items and services furnished under a federal healthcare program; Making, using, or causing to be made any false statement, omission, or misrepresentation of a material fact in any application, bid, or contract to participate or enroll as a provider of services or a supplier under a federal healthcare program; and Failing to report and return an overpayment owed to the federal government. Substantial civil monetary penalties may be imposed under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty Statute and vary, depending on the underlying violation. In addition, an assessment of not more than three times the total amount claimed for each item or service may also apply, and a violator may be subject to exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act We are subject to the provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) in the United States and similar laws in other countries, which generally prohibit companies and those acting on their behalf from making improper payments to foreign government officials and others for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. A violation of the FCPA or other similar laws by us and/or our agents or representatives could result in, among other things, the imposition of fines and penalties, changes to our business practices, the termination of or other adverse impacts under our debt arrangements and contracts or debarment from bidding on contracts, and/or harm to our reputation. Privacy and Security The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing privacy and security regulations, as amended by the federal Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH Act) (collectively referred to as "HIPAA"), require us to provide certain protections to patients and their health information. The HIPAA privacy and security regulations extensively regulate the use and disclosure of protected health information (PHI) and require covered 15 entities, which include healthcare providers, to implement and maintain administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the security of such information. Additional security requirements apply to electronic PHI. These regulations also provide patients with substantive rights with respect to their health information. The HIPAA privacy and security regulations also require us to enter into written agreements with certain contractors, known as business associates, to whom we disclose PHI. Covered entities may be subject to penalties for, among other activities, failing to enter into a business associate agreement where required by law or as a result of a business associate violating HIPAA if the business associate is found to be an agent of the covered entity and acting within the scope of the agency. Business associates are also directly subject to liability under the HIPAA privacy and security regulations. In instances where we act as a business associate to a covered entity, there is the potential for additional liability beyond our status as a covered entity. Various state laws and regulations may require us to notify affected individuals, and U.S. state attorneys general, or other regulators or law enforcement, in the event of a data breach involving certain individually personally identifiable information (PII) without regard to whether there is a low probability of the information being compromised. The HITECH Act imposed tiered penalties for impermissible use or disclosure of PHI and HIPAA provides for criminal penalties that include fines and imprisonment, with the severest penalties for obtaining and disclosing PHI with the intent to sell, transfer or use such information for commercial advantage, personal gain or malicious harm. Further, state attorneys general may bring civil actions seeking either injunction or damages in response to violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations that threaten the privacy of state residents. In addition to the protection of PHI, healthcare companies must meet privacy and security requirements applicable to other categories of PII. We may handle employee information, including Social Security Numbers, payroll information, and other categories of sensitive information, to further their employment practices. In processing this additional information, we must comply with the applicable privacy and information security requirements of privacy and data protection laws, consumer protection laws, labor and employment laws, contractual obligations, and publicly-available notices. In addition, federal and state laws governing the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies are evolving. As the regulation of these technologies matures, we may face additional compliance costs and legal risk to our operations. Outside of the United States, the requirements of applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, and any related implementation guidance from and enforcement postures of local country regulators, may present varying implementation and compliance considerations for our local country operations. These include the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), and other non-GDPR laws, such as the Brazilian Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados (LGPD), the Saudi Arabia Personal Data Protection Law and the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China (DSL), among others. When providing services or using personal data, as defined by these laws and regulations, we must ensure compliance with the applicable legislation and local legal requirements. The GDPR imposes a comprehensive data protection regime with the potential for regulatory fines as well as data breach litigation by impacted data subjects. Under the GDPR, regulatory penalties may be passed by data protection regulators for up to the greater of 4% of worldwide turnover or 20 million. The UK GDPR carries similar compliance and operational costs, and carries similar fines of up to the greater of 17.5 million or 4% of global turnover. In non-GDPR countries, the cost of non-compliance varies but can also be just as significant as those under the GDPR. For example, the maximum fine for non-compliance with the LGPD is 50 million Brazilian real (approximately $9 million) or 2% of the company s annual revenue, while the maximum fine for non-compliance with the DSL is RMB 50 million (approximately $7 million) or 5% of the previous year's turnover. In addition to fines, data protection regulators in countries outside of Europe may also impose criminal sanctions as well as other penalties, such as orders to cease processing personal data, orders to delete personal data, or warnings and reprimands. Privacy and data protection laws are also evolving in the United States, providing for enhanced state privacy rights that are broader than the current federal privacy rights, and may add additional compliance costs and legal risks to our U.S. operations. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), which was significantly amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), the Colorado Privacy Act, as well as multiple other states, afford consumers expanded privacy protections. These laws provide for civil penalties for violations, and the CCPA and CPRA provide for a private right of action for data breaches. Additionally, several privacy bills have been proposed both at the federal and state level that may result in additional legal requirements that impact our business. On a related front, states continue to enact laws focusing on consumer health data that are similar to other comprehensive privacy and data protection laws, but impose more stringent consent requirements (e.g., opt-in consent for certain types of processing) for consumer health data. These laws carry statutory damages and in some cases allow for a private right of action, including class action lawsuits. These state privacy and data 16 protection laws (both the comprehensive consumer privacy laws and the health-focused laws) will likely result in broader increased regulatory scrutiny in applicable states of businesses' privacy and security practices, could lead to a further rise in data protection litigation, and will require additional compliance investment and potential business process changes. In addition to the breach reporting requirements under HIPAA, we are subject to state breach notification laws. Each state enforces a law requiring us to provide notice of a breach of certain categories of sensitive personally PII, e.g. Social Security Number, financial account information, or username and password. If we are impacted by a breach, we must notify affected individuals, state attorney s general or other agencies within a certain time frame. If we do not provide timely notice with the required content, we may be subject to enforcement activities brought by attorneys general or private actions brought by affected individuals, and remedies including monetary penalties. We must also safeguard PII in accordance with federal and state data security laws and requirements. These requirements are akin to the HIPAA requirements to safeguard PHI, described above. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for example, requires companies to identify reasonably foreseeable risks and implement reasonable and appropriate data security measures in relevant areas of their operations to address such risks, relative to the volume and complexity of the organization and the information it processes. Also, various state data security laws require us to safeguard data with technical security controls and underlying policies and processes. Due to the constant changes in the data security space, we must continuously review and update data security practices to seek to mitigate any potential operational or legal liabilities stemming from data security risks. For additional details on the risks of compliance with applicable privacy and security laws, regulations and standards, see the discussion in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the heading " Privacy and information security laws are complex..." For additional information about our assessment of our cybersecurity risks, see the discussion in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the heading " If we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, protect our proprietary rights to our systems or defend against cybersecurity attacks.. ." and Part I Item 1C. " Cybersecurity ." Integrated Kidney Care, Medicare and Medicaid program reforms and Other Healthcare Regulations The regulatory framework of the healthcare marketplace continues to evolve as a result of executive orders, presidential memoranda, legislative, regulatory and administrative developments and judicial proceedings, and may therefore be subject to evolving priorities and interpretations over time. These changes shape the landscape for our current dialysis business as well as for emerging comprehensive and integrated kidney care programs. The following discussion describes certain of these changes in further detail. CMMI Payment Models: As described above, CMS launched payment models through CMMI to evaluate the effects of creating payment incentives for the greater use of home-based dialysis and kidney transplants for those already on dialysis, improve quality of care for kidney patients and reduce expenditures. These models, which were aimed to prevent or delay the need for dialysis and encourage kidney transplantation, included the mandatory ESRD Treatment Choices (ETC) model, and the voluntary Kidney Care First (KCF) and CKCC payment models. The CKCC and KCF programs were formed with the stated goal of helping healthcare providers reduce the cost and improve the quality of care for patients with late-stage chronic kidney disease and ESRD. CMS subsequently terminated the ETC and KCF models as of December 31, 2025. CMS also announced it will extend the CKCC program by one year to end on December 31, 2027. As described above, we have invested substantial resources, and expect to continue to invest substantial resources in the CKCC model as part of our overall plan to grow our integrated kidney care business and value-based care initiatives. For additional details on the risks related to integrated kidney care and Medicare and Medicaid program reforms, see the discussion in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the headings " We invest in strategic and operational initiatives to maintain our business and expand our capabilities...; " and " If we are unable to compete successfully... " Healthcare Reform, ACA and Related Regulatory and Legal Developments : As a result of changes to the regulatory framework of the healthcare marketplace described above, considerable uncertainty exists surrounding the continued development of the healthcare regulatory and legislative environment including access to healthcare and the availability and affordability of commercial insurance over time. For example, while the ACA and subsequent COVID-era legislation resulted in an increasing number of patients with health insurance, recent legislative and executive actions such as the "One Big Beautiful Bill Act" (OBBBA) or the decision to let enhanced premium tax credits expire at the end of 2025, may ultimately decrease the number of patients with access to health insurance, including Medicare and Medicaid. Our revenue and operating income levels are highly sensitive to the percentage of our patients with higher-paying commercial health insurance and if access to healthcare in significantly altered or if other reforms limiting access to healthcare are enacted in the future, such changes could materially impact our business. 21 st Century Cures Act : As described above under the heading " Medicare Advantage revenue," the Cures Act broadened patient access to certain enhanced benefits offered by MA plans. This change in benefit eligibility has increased the percentage of our patients on MA plans as compared to Medicare Part B plans. In addition, the Cures Act also includes 17 provisions related to data interoperability, information blocking and patient access. For details on the risks associated with these provisions of the Cures Act, see the risk factors in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the headings " Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements...; " " If we are unable to negotiate and maintain contracts with private payors on competitive terms.. .;" " We are subject to risks associated with our participation in government healthcare programs.; " and " We operate in a dynamic highly competitive and highly regulated environment... " Health Plan Price Transparency Rules : Price transparency regulations require most group health plans and health insurance issuers in the group and individual markets to publicly disclose pricing and patient responsibility information. On July 1, 2022, most group health plans and issuers of group or individual health insurance were required to begin publishing machine-readable files that include negotiated rates for all covered items and services with all providers and out-of-network allowed amounts. For plan years that began on or after January 1, 2023, these plans and issuers were required to provide enrollees with consumer-friendly out-of-pocket cost and underlying provider negotiated rate information for an initial list of 500 designated services (which do not include dialysis). For plan years that began on or after January 1, 2024, these plans and issuers were required to provide enrollees with this information for all covered items and services. In addition to the aforementioned pricing transparency rules, the government has also implemented certain provider-specific transparency requirements that apply to certain types of providers, including DaVita. Under the No Surprises Act, certain providers, including DaVita, are required to develop and disclose a "Good Faith Estimate" (GFE) that details the expected charges for furnishing certain items or services, although the government is currently only enforcing portions of this requirement with respect to uninsured or self-pay patients. Similar to the aforementioned pricing transparency rules, the impact of the GFE requirements on DaVita remains uncertain at this time, in part due to ongoing rulemaking around the No Surprises Act as well as the delayed effective date of certain provisions of the GFE framework, uncertainty around operational timeframes, potential penalties and patient reaction, among other things. For additional details about the risks associated with these requirements, see the discussion in the risk factor in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the heading " If we are unable to negotiate and maintain contracts with private payors on competitive terms... " Other regulations Our U.S. dialysis and related lab services operations are subject to various state hazardous waste and non-hazardous medical waste disposal laws at both the state and federal level. In addition, OSHA regulations require employers to provide workers who are occupationally subject to blood or other potentially infectious materials with prescribed protections. These regulatory requirements apply to all healthcare facilities, including dialysis centers, and require employers to make a determination as to which employees may be exposed to blood or other potentially infectious materials and to have in effect a written exposure control plan. In addition, employers are required to provide or employ hepatitis B vaccinations, personal protective equipment and other safety devices, infection control training, post-exposure evaluation and follow-up, waste disposal techniques and procedures and work practice controls. Employers are also required to comply with various record-keeping requirements. In addition, the healthcare industry in which we operate is subject to extensive regulation and oversight, including antitrust and competition laws enforced by the federal and state authorities. Certain states in which we do business also have certificate of need programs regulating the establishment or expansion of healthcare facilities, including dialysis centers. Furthermore, given the evolving nature of our business, agencies, including but not limited to the Food and Drug Administration, FTC, and HHS's Office of Civil Rights, will continue to introduce and/or enforce existing laws and regulations that we may need to comply with. For additional information of the risks to our business associated with the impact of these and other laws and regulations, see the risk factors in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the headings " Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations, and other requirements... " and " If we are unable to compete successfully... " State laws and initiatives There have been several state-based policy initiatives to limit payments to dialysis providers or impose other burdensome operational requirements, which, if passed, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows. For example, in October 2019, a California bill (AB 290) was signed into law that limits the amount of reimbursement paid to certain providers for services provided to patients with commercial insurance who receive charitable premium assistance (reimbursement cap). The implementation of AB 290 has been stayed pending resolution of legal challenges. A trial court issued a decision relating to these challenges to AB 290, which is currently on appeal. For additional discussion on the risks associated with this Government Regulation section, see the risks described in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors. " 18 Corporate compliance program Management has designed and implemented a corporate compliance program as part of our commitment to comply fully with applicable criminal, civil and administrative laws and regulations and to maintain the high standards of conduct we expect from all of our teammates, physician partners, and certain other third parties. We continuously review this program and work to enhance and evolve it as appropriate. The primary purposes of the program include: Assessing and identifying health care regulatory risks for existing and new businesses; Training and educating our teammates, physician partners, and certain other third parties to promote awareness of legal and regulatory requirements, a culture of compliance, and the necessity of complying with all applicable laws, regulations and requirements; Developing and implementing compliance policies and procedures and creating controls to support compliance with applicable laws, regulations and requirements and our policies and procedures; Auditing and monitoring the activities of our operating units and business support functions to identify and mitigate risks and potential instances of noncompliance in a timely manner; and Ensuring that we promptly take steps to resolve any instances of noncompliance and address areas of weakness or potential noncompliance. We have a code of conduct that each of our teammates, members of our Board of Directors (Board), physician partners, and certain other third parties must follow, and we have an anonymous compliance hotline for teammates, physician partners, patients and other third parties to report potential instances of noncompliance that is managed by a third party. Our Chief Compliance Officer administers the compliance program. The Chief Compliance Officer reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chair of the Compliance and Quality Committee of our Board. We could be subject to penalties or other consequences if the Office of Inspector General (OIG) or a similar regulatory authority determines that we failed to comply with applicable laws, regulations or requirements, including, among other things substantial monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and stock price. Competition The U.S. dialysis industry remains highly competitive and is continuously evolving. New and emerging entrants have been entering the kidney healthcare business space and the industry continues to experience pricing and costs pressures, regulatory changes, challenging labor market conditions and ongoing developments in new technologies, treatments and therapies, among other things. In most of the geographical areas in which we operate, there are other facilities that provide dialysis services to those offered by our facilities. In addition, in some markets, some competitors may have greater financial resources, may be better equipped, and may offer a broader range of services than us. Some competitors, including our largest competitor, Fresenius Medical Care, also manufacture their own supplies and equipment, in addition to owning and operating outpatient dialysis centers worldwide, which may, among other things, provide cost advantages to such competitors. In our U.S. dialysis business, we continue to face competition from large and medium-sized providers, among others, which compete directly with us for limited acquisition targets, for individual patients who may choose to dialyze with us and to engage physicians qualified to provide required medical director services. In addition to these large and medium sized dialysis providers with substantial financial resources and other established participants in the dialysis space, we also compete with new dialysis providers, private equity-backed kidney care providers, individual nephrologists and former medical directors or physicians that have opened their own dialysis units or facilities. Moreover, as we continue our international dialysis expansion into various international markets, we face competition from large and medium-sized providers, among others, for acquisition targets as well as physician relationships. We also experience competitive pressures from other dialysis and healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified skilled clinical personnel as well as in connection with negotiating contracts with commercial healthcare payors and inpatient dialysis service agreements with hospitals. Acquisitions, developing new outpatient dialysis centers, patient retention and referrals, and referral source relationships, in which such sources understand us to be the clinical and operational leaders in the market, are significant components of our growth strategy. The competition to acquire or develop dialysis centers and for patients is significant. We intend to continue to develop new dialysis centers and maintain relationships with patients and providers, but may not be successful. As we continue to expand our efforts to grow across the full continuum of kidney care from CKD care to dialysis treatment to transplant facilitation, we also face competition outside dialysis. In the integrated care market, we face competition 19 from other dialysis providers who, similar to DaVita, may be seeking to expand arrangements with payors, physicians and hospitals. We also face competition from non-traditional providers and other entrants in this space, who have made a number of announcements, initiatives and capital raises in areas along the full continuum of kidney care from CKD to dialysis to transplant. These business entities, certain of which command considerable resources and capital, increasingly compete with us in the integrated kidney care market, and they may also focus their efforts on the development of more traditional dialysis competition or the commencement of other new business activities or the development of innovative technologies, drugs or other treatments that could impact the rate of growth of the kidney care patient population or otherwise be transformative to the industry. For additional discussion on these developments and associated risks, see the risk factors in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the headings " If we are unable to compete successfully.. ." and " We invest in strategic and operational initiatives to maintain our business and expand our capabilities... " Insurance We are primarily self-insured with respect to professional and general liability, workers' compensation, automobile, property and a portion of our employment liability practice risks, through wholly-owned captive insurance companies. We are also predominantly self-insured with respect to employee medical and other health benefits. We also maintain insurance, excess coverage, or reinsurance for property and general liability, professional liability, directors and officers liability, workers' compensation, cybersecurity and other coverage in amounts and on terms deemed appropriate by management, based on our actual claims experience and expectations for future claims. Future claims could, however, exceed our applicable insurance coverage. Physicians practicing at our dialysis centers are required to maintain their own malpractice insurance, and our medical directors are required to maintain coverage for their individual private medical practices. Our liability policies cover our medical directors for the performance of their duties as medical directors at our outpatient dialysis centers. Human capital management Overview At DaVita, we are guided by our Mission to be the provider, partner and employer of choice and our Core Values Service Excellence, Integrity, Team, Continuous Improvement, Accountability, Fulfillment and Fun which are reinforced at all levels of the organization. Our teammates share a common passion for equitably improving patients' lives and are the cornerstone for the health of DaVita. We strive to be a community first and a company second, and affectionately call ourselves a Village. To be a healthy Village, we need to attract, develop and retain top talent. To do so, we have implemented strategies that support our mission to be the employer of choice, such as: Designing programs and processes to cultivate a talent pipeline that can allow us to hire ahead of needs; Providing development and professional growth opportunities; and Offering a robust and competitive total rewards program. We believe that this intentional investment of time and resources fosters a special community of teammates that, in turn, leads to better care for our patients and the communities we serve. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 78,000 teammates, including our international teammates, with approximately 72% of our teammates located within the U.S. DaVita teammates volunteered over 70,000 hours throughout the year in service of their communities. Oversight Management Our Board provides oversight on human capital matters, receiving regular updates from our Chief People Officer about People Services activities, strategies and initiatives, and through the Board s annual work with our CEO on management development and succession planning. Among other things, our Board and/or its committees also receive reports related to pay equity, risks and trends related to labor and human capital management issues and other issues generally pertaining to our teammates. The Board, in conjunction with its committees, also oversees the Company's activities, policies and programs related to corporate environmental and social responsibility, including considering the impact of such activities, policies and programs on the Company, teammates, patients and communities, among others. These reports and recommendations to the Board and its committees are part of our broader People Services leadership and oversight framework, which includes guidance from various stakeholders across the business and benefits from the broad participation of senior leadership. 20 Connection Belonging We put people at the center of everything we do, which drives our pursuit of a healthier tomorrow. We strive to create an environment that inspires teammates to perform at their best, be their authentic self, and make a difference every day. We are committed to building a team of high-performing teammates and we are proud that we reflect the many communities we serve. We take a collaborative, leader-led approach. Everyone from our front-line teammates to our CEO and Board of Directors plays a role in bringing our culture of connection and belonging to life it truly does take a Village. We build strong teams by investing in and prioritizing opportunities for connection. We offer a suite of resources to help our leaders cultivate belonging on their teams, and reduce bias in hiring and talent reviews. We also offer leader training on more complex topics such as how to create trust and safety, respect and value others, and provide consistent support. The fundamentals of creating a culture of belonging are also integrated into new hire onboarding to ensure teammates understand their role in making DaVita a community where everyone belongs. Over the past several years, our efforts have focused on creating an environment of trust, respect, and support where all belong and flourish. Based on our most recent internal engagement surveys, 85% of our U.S. teammates indicated that they feel a sense of belonging within the DaVita community. Each year we celebrate a Spirit Week and a Week of Belonging, engaging teammates globally with activities and education designed to further strengthen our culture. As of December 31, 2025, DaVita in the U.S. was composed of 78% women and 59% people of color. As of December 31, 2025, in the U.S. 74% of our managers and 61% of our directors are women, and of our leaders with profit and loss responsibility, 51% are women and 30% are people of color. Our Board of Directors is composed of 44% women and 22% people of color. Talent Pipeline and Career Development Growth and economic mobility for our teammates are pillars of our employer-of-choice mission and central to our goal of being known for our distinguished leadership and culture. We remain committed to helping our teammates and leaders grow and increase their earning potential, which we see as a vital component of our strategy. To that end, we continue to build a foundation that catalyzes teammate growth and mobility through a robust pipeline of career development programs. Our DaVita Ladders program, including Clinical Ladders, remains the foundation for a shared and clear language for growth across the Village. This program is designed to provide clarity, competitive pay, and transparent career journeys to systematically create more effective teammates and grow leaders internally. This past year, we deployed these tools to over 10,000 additional teammates to enhance their opportunities for growth and mobility. We also enhanced the leadership development tools of more than 2,000 field leaders, including through the use of data-backed performance reviews and individualized development plans, which have been met with strong engagement. Our investment in internal development is translating into tangible career advancement. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we promoted approximately 12,000 direct patient care teammates through this clinical career path. Additionally, approximately 58% of our U.S. managers were promoted from within, a testament to our ongoing commitment to our teammates' success. In the coming year, we expect to add transformational capabilities to this foundation. Amongst these capabilities will be leveraging artificial intelligence to increase access to personalized development for our teammates, ensuring they have resources to support their career objectives. Total Rewards Program Our total rewards philosophy and practices are designed to be competitive in the local market and reward strong team and individual performance. We believe merit-driven pay encourages teammates to do their best work, including in caring for our patients, and we strive to link pay to performance so we can continue to incentivize the provision of extraordinary care to our patients and grow our Village. To attract, retain and grow our teammates, we have a holistic approach to total rewards that includes financial, physical and emotional support. Highlights include, among other things: Healthcare benefits including a menu of plan designs and health savings/spending accounts, as well as dental and vision benefits. Free health programs in support of the most prevalent health conditions affecting our teammates, including hypertension, diabetes prevention/maintenance, musculoskeletal issues and weight loss/management. 21 Financial wellness elements including 401(k) match, employee stock purchase plan (ESPP), a deferred compensation plan, financial planning support and access to free banking services. Additionally, DailyPay is a service that provides teammates with financial flexibility by allowing them to access earned but unpaid wages before payday. Family support programs to our teammates and their families that include family care programs for back-up child and elder care, family planning support for fertility, adoption and surrogacy, and parental leave programs. We also offer a number of scholarships for teammates' children and grandchildren. Teammate Assistance Program that offers counseling sessions to all teammates and their household members, along with critical incident support for work related trauma, on both a personal and group level, with access to ten free sessions annually for each household member. Free access to Headspace, an application for digital meditation and mindfulness, and referrals/consultations on everyday issues such as dependent care, tutoring, auto repair, pet care, legal support and home improvement. Vitality Points, a voluntary wellness incentive program that encourages teammates and their spouses/domestic partners to engage with their provider to manage their overall health. In addition, it allows participating teammates and spouses/domestic partners to earn credits toward their medical premium for getting a biometric screening with a primary care provider, or an age appropriate cancer screening. Short Long term disability for full time teammates and Life/AD D coverage at both the basic and supplemental levels. Our voluntary Whole Life plan also includes long-term care coverage. Our DaVita Village Network, which provides financial support to eligible teammates experiencing a specific tragedy or hardship and helps cover additional costs that insurance does not fully cover. Pay Equity At DaVita, we are committed to equal pay for equal work; meaning, teammates in the same position, performing at the same level, and in similar geographies, are paid equitably relative to one another, regardless of their gender, race or ethnicity. We believe that equitable pay is a critical component of establishing a work environment where all teammates are valued and feel like they belong. Equitable pay is essential to our ability to attract, motivate and retain the top talent that reflect the communities we serve who are at the center of our current and future success. Teammate Health and Safety We are committed to promoting a safe and compliant environment for our teammates, particularly in our clinical settings. Our safety programs are designed to proactively identify, prevent and mitigate risk in these settings, prioritizing the health, safety and well-being of both our teammates and patients. We routinely assess facilities to closely monitor adherence to established security and safety standards. We have an electronic audit system that includes monthly OSHA and infection control audits, and biomedical audits are scheduled every six months. The audits are tracked for timely completion and correction of issues found in the audit. In the spirit of our safety culture, we also have an electronic system for capturing adverse clinical events, tracking and trending our clinical effectiveness to identify any opportunities to improve our teammate trainings and enhance our clinical safety systems. Our teammates complete mandatory annual compliance trainings focused on key areas, reflecting our dedication to ensuring the health and safety of our teammates and patients. For additional information about certain risks associated with our human capital management, see the risk factors in Part I Item 1A. " Risk Factors " under the headings " Our business is labor intensive and if our labor costs continue to rise... " and "Global health conditions, changing population or demographic trends, severe weather events or natural disasters and general economic and political conditions... " 22 Item 1A. Risk Factors This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below, and if any of the following risks or uncertainties develop into actual events or if the circumstances described in the risk or uncertainties occur or continue to occur, they could individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or could materially harm our reputation. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones facing our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or could materially harm our reputation. Summary Risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and/or results of operations, and these adverse impacts may be material. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed descriptions of the risks and uncertainties included in this Item 1A. below and you should read this summary together with those more detailed descriptions. These principal risk and uncertainties relate to, among other things: Risk Related to External Conditions global health conditions, changing population or demographic trend s, severe weather o r natural disasters an d general economic and pol itical conditions ; Risks Related to the Operation of our Business the complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements that impact us, including potential changes thereto ; the various lawsuits, demands, claims, qui tam suits, governmental investigations and audits and other legal matters that we may be subject to from time to time ; the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance and our ability to negotiate and maintain contracts with private payors on competitive terms ; our participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicare Advantage, Medicaid and the Department of Veterans Affairs ; our business is labor intensive and we may experience increases in labor costs, our ability to attract and retain key leadership talent or employees, or union organizing activities ; our ability to establish and maintain supplier and service provider relationships that meet our needs at cost-effective prices or at prices that allow for adequate reimbursement as applicable, our ability to access new technology or superior products in a cost-effective manner and our increasing reliance on third party service providers ; changes in clinical practices, payment rates or regulations impacting pharmaceuticals and/or devices ; our ability to appropriately estimate the amount of dialysis revenues and related refund liabilities ; Risks Related to Competition, Business Strategy Growth, Information Systems and New Technologies our ability to compete successfully, including, without limitation, implementing our growth strategy and/or retaining patients and physicians willing to serve as medical directors ; our acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures, noncontrolling interest investments or dispositions ; our ability to successfully implement our strategic and operational initiatives, including with respect to integrated kidney care, value-based care and home-based dialysis ; political, economic, legal, operational and other risks as we expand our operations and offer our services in markets outside of the U.S., and utilizing third-party suppliers and service providers operating outside of the U.S. ; 23 our ability to comply with complex privacy and information security laws that impact us and/or our ability to properly maintain the integrity of our data, protect our proprietary rights to our systems or defend against cybersecurity attacks ; our ability to effectively maintain, operate or upgrade our information systems or those of third-party service providers upon which we rely, including, without limitation, our clinical, billing and collections systems, and our ability to adhere to federal and state data sharing and access requirements and regulations, and successfully adopt or adapt to new technologies ; General Risks our current or future level of indebtedness, including, without limitation, our ability to generate cash to service our indebtedness and for other intended purposes and our ability to maintain compliance with debt covenants ; our goals and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters ; changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions ; liability claims for damages and other expenses that are not covered by insurance or exceed our existing insurance coverage ; our ability to successfully maintain an effective internal control over financial reporting ; and provisions in our organizational documents, our compensation programs and policies and certain requirements under Delaware law that may deter changes of control or make it more difficult for our stockholders to change the composition of our Board of Directors and take other corporate actions that our stockholders would otherwise determine to be in their best interests . Risks Related to External Conditions Global health conditions, changing population or demographic trends, severe weather events or natural disasters and general economic and political conditions, all of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict, could have a material adverse impact on our business. We continue to be impacted by external conditions, including, but not limited to, those related to general economic, political and global health conditions, changing population or demographic trends and severe weather events or natural disasters. These conditions can impact our business in a variety of ways, including, among other things, by affecting our patient census, treatment volumes and operating and other costs as further set forth below. These conditions are generally outside of our control and none of which we can reasonably predict and are interrelated or have interdependent complex consequences. As a result, the ultimate impact of these conditions on our business over time will depend on a myriad of future developments and is highly uncertain and difficult to predict. These conditions or developments may heighten many of the other risks and uncertainties discussed herein and are particularly heightened for our patients in part because individuals with chronic illness may be more susceptible to the adverse effects of global health conditions and also because any natural or other disaster, political instability or adverse weather event that disrupts or limits the operation of any of our centers or other facilities or services may delay or otherwise impact the critical services we provide to dialysis patients. We continue to invest in initiatives designed to help mitigate cost and volume pressures that may develop, including as a result of these external conditions or developments. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully execute these initiatives, that they will achieve expectations or succeed in helping offset the impact of these challenging conditions or that any mitigation efforts are possible. Any failure on our part to implement potential initiatives to mitigate these pressures, adjust our business operations in this manner in accordance with applicable legal, regulatory or compliance requirements or to adjust to other marketplace developments or dynamics, could adversely impact our ability to provide dialysis services or the cost of providing those services to our patients, among other things, and ultimately could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation. Global health conditions and changing population or demographic trends Global health conditions may adversely impact our patient census and treatment volumes. For example, severe flu seasons and the ongoing incidence of other infectious diseases such as COVID-19 in recent years have driven elevated mortality in our patient population, which has in turn had a negative impact on treatment volume. The negative perception of vaccinations in the U.S. has exacerbated these risks. To the extent that these and other global health conditions such as any future severe flu seasons, global health crises, pandemics or epidemics drive sustained elevated mortality levels in the overall ESKD or CKD populations, we may experience adverse impacts on our new-to-dialysis admission rates, treatment volumes, 24 future revenues and non-acquired growth, among other things. Other trends in health conditions and changing population or demographic trends may also impact overall ESKD growth rates and our associated treatment volumes, including, among others, the growth and aging of the U.S. population, changing U.S. immigration levels, the availability of transplant opportunities, incidence rates for diseases that cause kidney failure such as diabetes and hypertension, or growth rates of minority populations with higher-than-average incidence rates of ESKD. Any decrease in growth rates for the ESKD or CKD patient population, higher mortality rates for dialysis patients or other reductions in demand for dialysis treatments, if sustained or significant, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Severe weather events or natural disasters Severe weather events or natural or other disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires or flooding that damage, destroy or limit access to our facilities or impact our key suppliers or service providers could adversely impact our operations. In the past, such severe weather events or natural disasters impacting us or our suppliers have adversely impacted our patient census and treatment volumes and led to increased costs including, among other things, supply costs. If we experience such events or natural disasters in the future, we may face similar or greater risks, including among other things, potential limitations on our ability to admit new patients or provide dialysis treatments or clinical laboratory services, or potential threats to the safety of our teammates or patients at any of those locations. Such events may also require substantial expenditures and recovery time or could lead us to face other adverse consequences, including, without limitation, the potential loss of data, including protected health information (PHI) or personally identifiable information (PII), or subject us to compliance or regulatory investigations. These impacts, in the aggregate, could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, and could materially harm our reputation. Severe weather events or natural disasters could also strain global supply chains to the extent such events result in equipment and clinical supply shortages, disruptions, delays or associated price increases. Because we are a nationwide provider, certain of our facilities, clinics or key suppliers are in areas that may be more susceptible to such effects and risks. For example, our clinical laboratory is in Florida, a state that has in the past experienced and may in the future experience hurricanes. These effects and risks may be further intensified by what has been documented as an increased risk of severe weather events. If the frequency, intensity and widening potential geographic scope of natural or other disasters or adverse weather events increase, we may face increased costs associated with operating our clinics, potential interruptions to and changes in our clinical and business operations, and increased compliance or regulatory risk to the extent laws or regulations are adopted in response to the increasing frequency of such events. These increased costs may include, without limitation, costs for energy, supplies of water, or pharmaceuticals or other supplies necessary to the operations of our clinics. General economic conditions Certain economic conditions, including, among others, geopolitical and global economic volatility and instability, inflationary conditions and interest rate volatility, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or regulatory requirements, trade disputes, labor supply shortages and other challenging labor market conditions have continued to put pressure on our existing cost structure, including among other things, staffing, labor and supply costs. We expect that certain of those increased costs will persist in the near term as inflationary and supply chain pressures and challenging labor market conditions continue. If these conditions continue for a prolonged period of time or if new adverse conditions emerge, we may experience increased labor and supply costs at a rate that outpaces Medicare or any other rate increases we may receive, and we may experience equipment and clinical supply shortages, disruptions, delays or associated price increases that could impact our ability to provide dialysis services or the cost of providing those services or adversely impact our ability to execute on our other strategic initiatives, among other things. If adverse economic conditions lead to a period of extended or increased job losses in the U.S., it could ultimately result in a smaller percentage of our patients being covered by an employer group health plan, a larger percentage being covered by lower-paying government insurance programs or being uninsured or underinsured, and an increase in uncollectible accounts independent of whether general economic conditions subsequently improve. The extent of these effects will depend upon, among other things, the extent and duration of any economic deterioration or potential recession and any resultant increased unemployment levels for our patient population, and the ability of our patients to retain existing insurance and their individual choices with respect to their coverage, all of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. If these adverse economic conditions persist or remain uncertain for an extended period of time, and associated adverse impacts on our revenues and financial results may be material and may in turn lead us to incur future charges to recognize impairment in the carrying amount of our goodwill and other intangible assets. The aforementioned impacts may also drive an increased need for additional liquidity funded by accessing existing credit facilities, raising new debt in the capital markets, or other sources, and we may seek to refinance existing debt, which may be more difficult or costly in an uncertain or declining economic environment. 25 Political conditions Political conditions may create additional risk and further intensify the impacts described above, including, among other things, global conflicts, as well as the changing U.S. political conditions that have driven changes in trade, tariff, monetary, healthcare, immigration and other policies by governmental authorities in the United States and across the globe. For example, the current administration in the United States has implemented policies and issued guidance that include: tariff and trade policies that have led to increased volatility in the global trade market; staff reduction policies at key agencies such as the Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) that may among other things, result in delays in Medicare enrollment, coverage verification, licensing and credentialing approval and may limit the availability of administrative and legal support that, among other things, delays claims resolution or similar processes; immigration policies that may adversely impact the labor market and treatment volume to the extent that such policies adversely impact access and availability to healthcare; and health policies and guidance related to the availability, use and adherence of vaccines, treatments and therapies; and other changes that may impact new-to-dialysis admission rates, treatment volumes, future revenues and non-acquired growth, among other things. Any or all of the external conditions or developments discussed above, as well as other consequences of these conditions or developments, many of which are beyond our control and none of which we can reasonably predict, could have a material adverse effect on our patients, teammates, physician partners, suppliers, business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows or materially harm our reputation. Risks Related to the Operation of our Business Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements and any failure to adhere to those requirements, or any changes in those requirements or in federal or state legislation or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, and operations, and in some circumstances, could materially harm our reputation. We operate in a complex regulatory environment with an extensive and evolving set of federal, state and local governmental laws, regulations and other requirements, including executive orders, that apply to us and shape the competitive environment in which we operate. These laws, regulations and other requirements are promulgated and overseen by a number of different legislative, regulatory, administrative, and quasi-regulatory bodies, each of which may have evolving priorities and varying interpretations, judgments or related guidance. Each of these laws, regulations and other requirements are continuously changing, and we utilize considerable resources on an ongoing basis to monitor, assess and respond to applicable legislative, regulatory and administrative requirements. Despite these efforts, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in our efforts to adhere to all of these requirements and there is no assurance that we will be able to accurately predict the nature, timing or extent of any changes to these laws, regulations or requirements or the impact of such changes on the markets in which we conduct business. If any of our personnel, representatives, third party vendors or operations are found to violate any of these or other laws, regulations or requirements, we could suffer severe consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows. Any future penalties, sanctions or other consequences could be more severe in certain circumstances if any regulatory authority determines that we knowingly or repeatedly failed to comply with laws, regulations or requirements that apply to our business. Because the healthcare sector, including the dialysis industry, is regularly subject to negative publicity, the announcement or other public disclosure of governmental allegations or investigations and any associated adverse media coverage and political debate, regardless of merit, regarding the dialysis industry generally, or the U.S. healthcare system or DaVita in particular, may adversely affect our reputation and stock price and could impact our relationships and/or contracts related to our business, among other things. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in