=== ROP_2026-04-07.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0000882835 0000882835 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000882835 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000882835 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000882835 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000882835 2 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000882835 2 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000882835 2 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000882835 2 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000882835 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 rop:SCTStockAwardsColumnValueMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 rop:SCTOptionAwardsColumnValueMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 rop:SCTStockAwardsColumnValueMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 rop:SCTOptionAwardsColumnValueMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000882835 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant To Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents 6496 University Parkway Telephone (941) 556-2601 Sarasota, Florida 34240 Fax (941) 556-2670 Roper Technologies, Inc. April 7, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders: As your Board of Directors, we are privileged to oversee Roper s ongoing efforts to create sustainable, long-term value on your behalf. Together with our management team, we work continuously to refine and execute our strategy with discipline drawing on rigorous risk management, thoughtful and patient capital deployment, sound strategic judgment, operational excellence, performance-driven compensation, effective talent and succession planning, and an unwavering commitment to the highest standards of ethics and governance. Our Strategy for Long-Term Value Creation for Shareholders Roper s consistent track record of value creation and compounding cash flow per share growth is the product of a strategy that is straightforward in concept and powerful in execution. Cash Generation Through Operating Excellence: Our enterprise is built on a portfolio of niche, asset-light businesses with leading software solutions and technologies that generate substantial and recurring free cash flow providing the foundation for sustained long-term growth and continued cash flow per share compounding. This model is powered by our strategic focus on intellectual capital, product innovation, go-to-market excellence, proprietary data, and deep customer relationships. In 2025, these strengths translated into another exceptional year of performance: total revenue grew 12%, adjusted EBITDA increased 11% to $3.14 billion (GAAP net earnings were $1.54 billion) and adjusted free cash flow reached $2.47 billion reflecting a three-year compound annual growth rate of 18% (GAAP operating cash flow reached $2.54 billion). We remain focused on enhancing each of our businesses through disciplined talent development, thoughtful strategy, and rigorous execution. We remain optimistic and excited about how generative artificial intelligence will enhance our product offerings to our customers and expand the size of our addressable markets. Disciplined Capital Deployment: Our proven, process-driven approach to capital allocation has guided the successful investment of tens of billions of dollars across Roper s growing portfolio of businesses. We direct the substantial majority of our available capital toward acquiring high-quality businesses that accelerate cash flow compounding and generate lasting shareholder value. In 2025, we deployed $3.3 billion toward vertical-market software acquisitions most notably our acquisitions of CentralReach, a leading provider of SaaS and AI-enabled solutions supporting the workflow and administration of applied behavior analysis therapy for autism spectrum disorder and related disabilities care, acquired for $1.85 billion; and Subsplash, a leading provider of AI-enabled SaaS delivering digital engagement, church management, and integrated giving solutions for faith-based organizations, acquired for $800 million. Each business is off to a strong start as members of the Roper portfolio. In October 2025, the Board also authorized the repurchase of up to $3 billion of our common stock a meaningful signal of our confidence in Roper s strategy and our commitment to returning capital to shareholders. During the fourth quarter of 2025, we repurchased 1.12 million shares for approximately $500 million, and through February 20, 2026, cumulative repurchases totaled 4.844 million shares (or roughly 4.5% of our outstanding shares since the program commenced) for approximately $1.814 billion. As we enter 2026 with $6 billion or more of annual capital deployment capacity, we are well-positioned to continue pursuing high-quality acquisitions and undertaking strategic share repurchases while maintaining the financial flexibility that has long been a hallmark of Roper s strategy. The Board s Role in Roper s Success The Board plays an active and meaningful role in Roper s continued success. Each director commits the substantial time and focus required to fulfill the responsibilities of board service continuously monitoring our portfolio of businesses, evaluating capital deployment opportunities, and identifying additional avenues for value creation. Between formal board meetings, directors remain engaged with management and with one another, ensuring that the Company benefits from our collective expertise and diverse perspectives. Table of Contents This deep involvement and thorough understanding of our business allows the Board to address a wide range of strategic priorities from acquisition selection and capital deployment to succession planning and culture while safeguarding the principles and decentralized operating model that have made Roper the company it is today. Our Governance and Other Best Practices Roper remains committed to strong corporate governance as demonstrated by the following practices: Declassified Board. Our directors are elected annually. Majority Voting for Directors. Our By-laws require the resignation of incumbent directors who fail to obtain a majority of votes cast in uncontested elections. Proxy Access. Our By-laws permit a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, that has owned at least 3% of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in our proxy materials up to the greater of two directors or 20% of the number of our directors then in office. Independent Chair of the Board. Amy Woods Brinkley became our Independent Chair of the Board on June 1, 2021. Executive Compensation Alignment with Shareholders. Because our shareholder value creation is derived from the Roper executive team s capital deployment strategy and ability to operate a broad portfolio of businesses, our executives must possess a unique set of skills. We continue to refine our executive compensation practices to maintain close alignment with shareholder interests. Pay for Performance. Similar to prior years, in 2025, total direct compensation at target that was at risk and tied to stock price and performance objectives was 96% for the CEO, and 91% on average for our other named executive officers. Clear Oversight of Sustainability and Human Capital Management. The Nominating and Governance Committee has oversight responsibility for matters related to Sustainability and Human Capital Management. Shareholder Outreach Program. Roper s senior management team regularly engages shareholders for feedback. Sustainability. We continue to drive improvements to meet the sustainability expectations of our stakeholders and we plan to publish a 2025 sustainability data update by the end of June 2026. Table of Contents Open Communications With Our Shareholders We value your continued support and input and ask that you continue to share your comments with us. Communications may be addressed to the directors in care of the Corporate Secretary, Roper Technologies, Inc., 6496 University Parkway, Sarasota, Florida, 34240. Sincerely, The Board of Directors Shellye L. Archambeau Amy Woods Brinkley Irene M. Esteves L. Neil Hunn Robert D. Johnson Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. John F. Murphy Laura G. Thatcher Richard F. Wallman Table of Contents NOTICE OF THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 2026 ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION For additional information about our Annual Meeting, see Annual Meeting and Voting Information on page 68. Meeting Date: Tuesday, May 19, 2026 Meeting Place: The Westin Sarasota 100 Marina View Drive Sarasota, Florida 34236 Meeting Time: 10:00 a.m. (Eastern) Record Date: March 23, 2026 ANNUAL MEETING BUSINESS Roper s annual meeting of shareholders will be held May 19, 2026 to: elect as directors the nine nominees named in the accompanying proxy statement; approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers; ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; approve an amendment to the Roper Technologies, Inc. 2021 Incentive Plan; approve the Amended and Restated Roper Technologies, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan; vote on a shareholder proposal regarding a strategic review of a proposed spin-off of the Application Software and Network Software segments, if properly presented at the meeting; and transact any other business that may be properly brought before the annual meeting. PROXY MATERIALS On or about April 7, 2026, we began distributing to each shareholder entitled to vote at the annual meeting either: (i) a Meeting Notice; or (ii) this proxy statement, a proxy card and our 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders and Form 10-K. The Meeting Notice contains instructions to electronically access our proxy statement and our 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders and Form 10-K, how to vote via the internet or by mail and how to receive a paper copy of our proxy materials by mail, if desired. VOTING AT THE ANNUAL MEETING Your vote is important. Shareholders who are owners of record of Roper common shares at the close of business on March 23, 2026, the record date, or their legal proxy holders, are entitled to vote at the annual meeting. Whether or not you expect to attend the annual meeting, we urge you to vote as soon as possible by one of these methods: Via the Internet: www.proxypush.com/ROP Call Toll-Free: 1-866-829-5176 Mail Signed Proxy Card: Follow the instructions on your proxy card or voting instruction form If you are a beneficial owner of shares held through a broker, bank or other holder of record, you must follow the voting instructions you receive from the holder of record to vote your shares. Shareholders may also vote at the annual meeting. For more information on how to vote your shares, please refer to Annual Meeting and Voting Information on page 68. John K. Stipancich Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be Held on May 19, 2026 This Notice of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, our Proxy Statement and our Annual Report to Shareholders and Form 10-K are available free of charge at www.proxydocs.com/ROP . Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY i PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 7 SUSTAINABILITY 10 BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS 11 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 16 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 18 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 20 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 21 Overview 21 Creating Shareholder Value 22 Overview of Our Executive Compensation Program 25 Elements of Compensation 27 Compensation Process 29 Analysis of 2025 Compensation 33 Additional Information About Our Program 38 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 40 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 40 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 41 2025 Summary Compensation Table 41 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 42 2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 43 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 45 2025 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 45 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 45 Summary of Termination Payments and Benefits 46 CEO Pay Ratio 48 Pay Versus Performance 49 PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE COMPENSATION OF THE COMPANY S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 52 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 53 INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT S FEES 54 PROPOSAL 3: RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2026 54 PROPOSAL 4: APPROVAL OF AN AMENDMENT TO THE ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 2021 INCENTIVE PLAN 55 PROPOSAL 5: APPROVAL OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 62 PROPOSAL 6: SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL 65 ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTING INFORMATION 68 INFORMATION REGARDING THE 2027 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 72 OTHER MATTERS 73 APPENDIX A RECONCILIATIONS A-1 APPENDIX B AMENDMENT TO ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 2021 INCENTIVE PLAN B-1 APPENDIX B-1 ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 2021 INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED B-1-1 APPENDIX C AMENDED AND RESTATED ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN C-1 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights information about Roper Technologies, Inc. (the Company , Roper , we , us or our ) and the upcoming 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ). It does not contain all of the information you should consider. We recommend reading the complete proxy statement (the Proxy Statement ) and our 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders (the 2025 Annual Report ), which includes our Annual Report on Form 10-K, before voting. The Proxy Statement and the enclosed proxy card are being mailed or otherwise made available to shareholders on or about April 7, 2026. 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Date and Time: Tuesday, May 19, 2026 10:00 a.m. (Eastern) Record Date: March 23, 2026 Place: The Westin Sarasota 100 Marina View Drive Sarasota, Florida 34236 VOTING MATTERS AND BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS Proposals Board Recommendation Vote Required 1: Election of nine director nominees for a one-year term FOR EACH NOMINEE Majority of votes cast 2: Advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers FOR Majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote 3: Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR Majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote 4: Approval of an Amendment to the Roper Technologies, Inc. 2021 Incentive Plan FOR Majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote 5: Approval of the Amended and Restated Roper Technologies, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan FOR Majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote 6: Shareholder proposal regarding a strategic review of a proposed spin-off of the Application Software and Network Software segments. AGAINST Majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement i Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY (CONTINUED) 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES Shareholders are electing all nine director nominees who each will serve for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2027 Annual Meeting ). COMMITTEES Name and Primary Occupation Age Director Since Independent AC CC NGC EC Shellye L. Archambeau Former Chief Executive Officer, MetricStream, Inc. 63 2018 l Chair l Amy Woods Brinkley Retired Chief Risk Officer, Bank of America Corp. 70 2015 l l l Chair Irene M. Esteves Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. 67 2021 l l l L. Neil Hunn President and Chief Executive Officer, Roper Technologies, Inc. 54 2018 Robert D. Johnson Former Chairman, Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. 78 2005 l l l Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Danaher Corporation 65 2021 l l l John F. Murphy Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Adobe Inc. 57 2024 l l l Laura G. Thatcher Retired Head of Executive Compensation Practice, Alston Bird LLP 70 2015 l Chair l Richard F. Wallman Retired Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Honeywell International Inc. 75 2007 l Chair l AC = Audit Committee CC = Compensation Committee NGC = Nominating and Governance Committee EC = Executive Committee CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We strive to maintain effective corporate governance practices and policies, including: Shareholder Outreach: We regularly engage our shareholders for feedback to learn their views on the Company s strategy and performance, sustainability program, as well as any other governance matters of concern. One-Year Terms for Directors: All of our directors serve one-year terms. ii Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY (CONTINUED) Independent Directors: All of our directors, except our CEO, are independent, as is each member of the Audit, Compensation, Executive, and Nominating and Governance Committees. Independent Chair of the Board: Our Chair of the Board is independent. Majority Voting Standards for Uncontested Director Elections: We require any incumbent director who fails to obtain a majority vote in uncontested elections to tender his or her resignation. Proxy Access: Our proxy access provision permits a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, that has owned at least 3% of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in our proxy materials up to the greater of two directors or 20% of the number of our directors then in office, provided that the shareholders and the nominees satisfy the requirements set forth in our By-laws. Shareholder Engagement: We highly value feedback from our shareholders. In addition to our traditional Investor Relations engagement efforts, we have had discussions with numerous shareholders on sustainability topics including climate change, cybersecurity, data privacy, and talent management. These discussions have been extremely helpful in identifying issues of importance to our investors as we continue to evolve our sustainability program. We also shared feedback received during these discussions with our Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee, informing their decision-making. Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policy: We have both anti-hedging and anti-pledging policies. Insider Trading Policy: We have adopted a securities transaction compliance program applicable to our directors, officers, and employees governing the purchase, sale, and other disposition of our securities. Board Refreshment/Term Limits: The mandatory retirement age for directors joining the Board prior to 2020 is 80. Directors joining our Board after January 1, 2020 are required to retire upon the earlier of (i) the attainment of age 80, and (ii) the 15-year anniversary of the first annual shareholders meeting following the date the director joined the Board. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement iii Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY (CONTINUED) BOARD SNAPSHOT iv Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY (CONTINUED) BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS We achieved another year of strong results in 2025: (1) GAAP revenue increased 12% to $7.90 billion and organic revenue increased 5% GAAP net earnings were $1.54 billion while adjusted net earnings increased 9% to $2.16 billion Adjusted EBITDA increased 11% to $3.14 billion GAAP operating cash flow increased 6% to $2.54 billion, adjusted operating cash flow increased 7% to $2.57 billion, and adjusted free cash flow increased 8% to $2.47 billion We deployed $3.3 billion of capital toward vertical-market software acquisitions, highlighted by CentralReach, a leading provider of SaaS and AI-enabled solutions enabling the workflow and administration of applied behavior analysis therapy for autism spectrum disorder and related disabilities care, for $1.85 billion, and Subsplash, a leading provider of AI-enabled SaaS providing digital engagement, as well as church management and integrated giving solutions for faith-based organizations for $800 million We authorized the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of our common stock, and through February 20, 2026, repurchased approximately 4.844 million shares for approximately $1.814 billion Our annual dividend increased by 10%, increasing for the 33 rd consecutive year (1) Certain financial information is presented on an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis. A reconciliation from non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure and other related information is available in Appendix A Reconciliations. COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS The creation of shareholder value is the foundation and driver of our executive compensation program. Aspects of our program that closely align the compensation of our executive officers with the long-term interests of our shareholders include the following: Pay for Performance: Almost all of our executive officer compensation is tied to pre-set, objective performance criteria and long-term shareholder value creation. In 2025, total direct compensation at target that was at risk and tied to stock price and performance objectives was 96% for our CEO, and 91% on average for our other named executive officers. Performance-Based Equity: All restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards made to our executive officers are subject to satisfaction of performance criteria (no stock awards are solely time-based). Double Trigger Vesting: Double trigger vesting of equity awards if a change in control occurs; no excise tax gross-ups for change-in-control payments. Three Year Vesting for Equity Awards: Equity awards made to all named executive officers may vest only at the end of a three-year period. Stock Ownership Guidelines: Substantial share ownership and retention guidelines for our executive officers and non-employee directors. Clawback Policy: We have a Nasdaq-compliant clawback policy to recoup certain erroneously paid cash and equity compensation. The Board has also adopted a supplemental clawback policy allowing the Board to seek recoupment of incentive-based compensation (cash or equity, including time-based equity) from its executive officers in the event of certain misconduct. Dividends Only on Shares Earned: Dividends and dividend equivalents on executive officers performance-based equity awards are paid only if the shares are earned. Annual Bonus Caps: We have caps on annual bonuses to avoid an excessive short-term focus and potentially adverse risk-taking. No Repricing: Repricing of stock options absent shareholder approval is prohibited. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement v Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors or the Board ) will consist of a number of members to be fixed, from time to time, by the Board of Directors, but not less than the minimum number required under Delaware law. The Board of Directors is currently comprised of nine directors who are elected on an annual basis. Our Board unanimously recommended each incumbent director for reelection at the 2026 Annual Meeting. If reelected, the director nominees will serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Certain information about our director nominees is set forth under Board of Directors. This information includes the business experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that each individual brings to our Board. Although not anticipated, if prior to the meeting a director nominee is unable to serve, the proxy will be voted for a substitute nominee selected by the Board of Directors or the Board may choose to reduce its size. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election to the Board of Directors of each of the following director nominees: Name Age Director Since Independent Primary Occupation Shellye L. Archambeau 63 2018 Yes Former Chief Executive Officer, MetricStream, Inc. Amy Woods Brinkley 70 2015 Yes Retired Chief Risk Officer, Bank of America Corp. Irene M. Esteves 67 2021 Yes Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. L. Neil Hunn 54 2018 No President and Chief Executive Officer, Roper Technologies, Inc. Robert D. Johnson 78 2005 Yes Former Chairman, Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. 65 2021 Yes Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Danaher Corporation John F. Murphy 57 2024 Yes Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Adobe Inc. Laura G. Thatcher 70 2015 Yes Retired Head of Executive Compensation Practice, Alston Bird LLP Richard F. Wallman 75 2007 Yes Retired Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Honeywell International Inc. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS Nominee Information for terms expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting Shellye L. Archambeau Former Chief Executive Officer, MetricStream, Inc. Director Since 2018 Independent Age 63 Committees: Nominating and Governance (Chair) Executive Current Public Directorships: Lineage, Inc. Okta, Inc. Verizon Communications, Inc. Key Qualifications Expertise: Executive leadership and management experience Software, technology and e-commerce Cybersecurity and data stewardship experience Developing and marketing emerging technology software applications and solutions Innovation, digital media and communications Building and scaling consumer and B2B businesses in the technology industry Entrepreneurial perspective Public company board experience Ms. Archambeau is the former Chief Executive Officer of MetricStream, Inc., a global provider of governance, risk, compliance and quality management solutions to organizations across diverse industries. She served in this role from the time she joined MetricStream in 2002 until 2018. Prior to joining MetricStream, Ms. Archambeau served as Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President of Sales for Loudcloud, Inc., a provider of Internet infrastructure services; Chief Marketing Officer of NorthPoint Communications, a provider of local data network services; and President of Blockbuster, Inc. s e-commerce division, where she launched the entertainment retailer s first online presence. Before she joined Blockbuster, Ms. Archambeau held domestic and international executive positions during a 15-year career at IBM Corporation. Ms. Archambeau has served as director of Okta, Inc., a provider of identity management solutions, since 2018, Verizon Communications, Inc., since 2013, and Lineage, Inc., a leader in cold storage and logistics, since 2024. She has previously served as a director of Nordstrom, Inc., a leading fashion retailer. Across her public board roles, she has participated in major strategic software and technology transactions exceeding $20 billion in aggregate value, including Verizon s $10.5 billion wireline sale and multi-billion-dollar acquisitions of AOL and Yahoo (Oath Holdings), as well as Okta s $6.5 billion acquisition of Auth0. 2 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED) Amy Woods Brinkley Founder, AWB Consulting, LLC Director Since 2015 Independent Age 70 Committees: Compensation Nominating and Governance Executive (Chair) Key Qualifications Expertise: Executive leadership and management experience Risk management and controls Financial reporting rules and regulations and audit procedures Broad-based knowledge of banking and financial services Marketing and e-commerce Mergers and acquisitions Corporate governance Public company board experience Talent and team development Ms. Brinkley is the founder, owner and manager of AWB Consulting, LLC, an executive advising and risk management consulting firm. Ms. Brinkley served as Chief Risk Officer for Bank of America Corporation from 2002 until her retirement in 2009, after more than 30 years with the company. Prior to 2002, she served as President of Bank of America s Consumer Products division and was responsible for the credit card, mortgage, consumer finance, telephone, and e-commerce businesses. During her employment at Bank of America, Ms. Brinkley also held the positions of Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer overseeing the company s Olympic sponsorship and its national rebranding and name change. During her tenure, she played key roles in numerous major Bank of America acquisitions and integrations, expanding the company s national and global reach and advancing its long-term growth strategy. Ms. Brinkley served as director of TD Bank Group and several subsidiaries between 2010 and 2025. In addition, she served as a director of Carter s Inc., a branded marketer in North America of apparel and related products exclusively for babies and young children, from 2010 to 2021. She also served as a Commissioner for Atrium Health, a non-profit hospital network from 2001 to 2019 and as a Trustee for the Princeton Theological Seminary from 2002 to 2019. Irene M. Esteves Former Chief Financial Officer, Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. Director Since 2021 Independent Age 67 Committees: Audit Nominating and Governance Current Public Directorships: KKR Real Estate Finance Trust Inc. Key Qualifications Expertise: Executive Leadership and management experience Finance and accounting expertise Multi-industry perspective Global business experience Mergers and acquisitions Risk management and controls Public company board experience Talent and team development Ms. Esteves served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc., a global leader in aerostructures design and manufacturing, from June 2024 through December 2025. Prior to that position, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Time Warner Cable Inc. from July 2011 to May 2013. She also previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of XL Group plc and prior to that position Ms. Esteves was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Regions Financial Corporation. Ms. Esteves has served as a director of KKR Real Estate Finance Trust Inc. since 2018. In the last five years, Ms. Esteves also served as director of Aramark, R.R. Donnelley Sons Company, and Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. Across her public company experience, she has been involved in transactions exceeding $45 billion in aggregate value, including the $34 billion sale of Level 3 Communications to CenturyLink and many other multi-billion-dollar acquisitions in aerospace, communications, and business services. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED) L. Neil Hunn President and Chief Executive Officer, Roper Technologies, Inc. Director Since 2018 Age 54 Current Public Directorships: Deere Company Key Qualifications Expertise: Executive leadership and management experience Prior to being named President and Chief Executive Officer in August 2018, Mr. Hunn served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2017 to 2018. Mr. Hunn also served as Group Vice President of Roper s medical segment from 2011 to 2018 and helped drive significant growth in the Company s medical technology and application software businesses. In addition to his operating responsibilities at Roper, Mr. Hunn led the execution of the majority of the company s capital deployment since joining Roper. Prior to joining Roper, Mr. Hunn served 10 years at MedAssets, Inc. an Atlanta- based SaaS company, during which time he served in a variety of roles including as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and as President of its revenue cycle technology businesses. He successfully led MedAssets initial public offering and the execution of several M A transactions. Mr. Hunn also held roles at CMGI, Inc. an incubator of Internet businesses, and Parthenon Group, a strategy consulting firm. Mr. Hunn has been a director of Deere Company, a global leader in the delivery of agricultural, construction, and forestry equipment, since 2023. Deep understanding of organization Software and technology expertise Strategic focus and planning Global industry and operational experience Mergers and acquisitions, capital markets Management development and understanding of business challenges and opportunities Healthcare experience Provides key leadership and guidance for the Company s growth Robert D. Johnson Former Chairman, Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. Director Since 2005 Independent Age 78 Committees: Compensation Nominating and Governance Current Public Directorships: SIFCO Industries, Inc. Key Qualifications Expertise: Executive leadership and management experience Manufacturing, supply chain, engineering and production Mergers and acquisitions Global business, industry, and operations experience Extensive business acumen Public company board experience, including governance and executive compensation expertise Talent and team development Mr. Johnson was Chief Executive Officer of Dubai Aerospace Enterprise Ltd., a global aerospace engineering and services company, from August 2006 to December 2008. Mr. Johnson also served as Chairman of Honeywell Aerospace, a leading global supplier of aircraft engines, equipment, systems and services, from January 2005 to January 2006, and as its President and Chief Executive Officer from 1999 to 2005. Mr. Johnson similarly served as President and Chief Executive Officer for Honeywell Aerospace s predecessor, AlliedSignal, Inc., an aerospace, automotive and engineering company. At AlliedSignal, he played a key leadership role in the $14.8 billion merger with Honeywell Inc., one of the most transformative transactions in the aerospace and industrial sectors, creating a diversified global technology leader. He also held management positions with AAR Corporation, a provider of aviation and expeditionary services to the global commercial, government and defense aviation industries, and GE Aviation, an aircraft engine supplier. Mr. Johnson has served as a director of SIFCO Industries, Inc., a manufacturer of forgings and machined components for the aerospace and defense, energy and commercial space markets, since 2024. Mr. Johnson also served as a director of Spirit Airlines, Inc., from 2010 to March 2025, and as Chairman of the Board for Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc., a global leader in aerostructures design and manufacturing, from 2006 to December 2025. 4 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED) Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Danaher Corporation Director Since 2021 Independent Age 65 Committees: Audit Compensation Key Qualifications Expertise: Executive Leadership and management experience Multi-industry perspective Mergers and acquisitions Finance and accounting expertise Global business, industry, manufacturing and operations experience Business strategy expertise Risk management and controls Management development and understanding of global challenges and opportunities Mr. Joyce served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Danaher Corporation, a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, from September 2014 to September 2020. During his tenure, he delivered shareholder returns more than three times that of the S P 500 index and led Danaher s continued transformation into a global science and technology leader, overseeing the $13.6 billion acquisition of Pall Corporation and more than two dozen other strategic transactions that expanded the Company s presence in life sciences, diagnostics and software-enabled technologies. He also served as a senior advisor to Danaher from September 2020 to February 2021. Mr. Joyce joined Danaher in 1989 and served in leadership positions in a variety of different functions and businesses before his promotion to President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Joyce also served as a director of Danaher from 2014 to 2020. John F. Murphy Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Adobe Inc. Director Since 2024 Independent Age 57 Committees: Audit Compensation Current Public Directorships: LegalZoom.com, Inc. Pure Storage, Inc. Key Qualifications Expertise: Executive Leadership and management experience Finance and accounting expertise Multi-industry perspective Global business experience Mergers and acquisitions Risk management and controls Software and technology experience Cybersecurity and data stewardship experience Public company board experience Talent and team development Mr. Murphy served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Adobe Inc., a multinational computer software company, from April 2018 until October 2021, and served as Adobe s Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller from March 2017 until April 2018. Prior to joining Adobe, Mr. Murphy served as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller of Qualcomm Incorporated from September 2014 to March 2017. He previously served as Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of DIRECTV Inc. from November 2007 to August 2014, and Vice President and General Auditor of DIRECTV from October 2004 to November 2007. Prior to joining DIRECTV he worked at several global companies, including Experian, Nestle, and Atlantic Richfield (ARCO), in a variety of finance and accounting roles. Mr. Murphy also serves as a director of Pure Storage, Inc., a provider of advanced data storage technology and services, and LegalZoom.com, Inc., a leading online platform for business formation and related services in the United States. Mr. Murphy has a strong track record in mergers and acquisitions and value creation, having advised on transactions exceeding $10 billion in aggregate value and helping drive operational and financial performance at Adobe. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED) Laura G. Thatcher Retired Head of Executive Compensation Practice, Alston Bird LLP Director Since 2015 Independent Age 70 Committees: Compensation (Chair) Executive Key Qualifications Expertise: Executive compensation expertise Organizational development Senior leadership and management experience Corporate governance Mergers and acquisitions Talent and team development Ms. Thatcher retired in December 2013 after 33 years of legal practice at Alston Bird LLP, where she developed and led the firm s executive compensation practice for 18 years and served as special executive compensation counsel to many U.S. and international publicly traded companies. She is widely recognized as a national expert on executive compensation and governance. Ms. Thatcher co-authored the Compensation Committee Handbook, 2nd and 3rd editions (John Wiley Sons), which serves as a guidebook for executive compensation strategies and practices, addressing a full range of functional issues facing compensation committees of public companies, including organizing, planning, compliance, and sound corporate governance. Ms. Thatcher served on the Board of Directors of Batson-Cook Company, a regional commercial construction and development company, from 1994 to 2007. She also served on the Board of Directors of The Atlanta Legal Aid Society, Inc., from 2008 to 2014, and was a Past Chair of the Advisory Board of the Certified Equity Professional Institute (CEPI) of Santa Clara University and was on the Board of Review for a special project sponsored by CEPI that provided universally accepted industry guidance regarding areas of risk and appropriate controls in equity compensation. Richard F. Wallman Retired Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Honeywell International Inc. Director Since 2007 Independent Age 75 Committees: Audit (Chair) Executive Current Public Directorships: CECO Environmental Corp. Key Qualifications Expertise: Executive leadership and management experience Finance and accounting expertise Multi-industry perspective Global business, industry, manufacturing and operations experience Mergers and acquisitions Risk management and controls Management development and understanding of global challenges and opportunities Public company board experience Mr. Wallman served as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Honeywell International Inc., a diversified industrial technology and manufacturing company, and its predecessor AlliedSignal, Inc., from 1995 until his retirement in 2003. During this time, he helped execute the $14.8 billion merger of the companies, along with several other strategic acquisitions. Mr. Wallman has also served in senior financial positions with IBM Corporation and Chrysler Corporation. Mr. Wallman has served as a director of CECO Environmental Corp., a global air quality and fluid handling company since 2021. In the last five years, Mr. Wallman served as a director of Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., a provider of laboratory services for the pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology industries, Extended Stay America, Inc., a hospitality and lodging company, SmileDirectClub, Inc., an oral care company, and Spirit Airlines, Inc., a low-fare airline. Across his executive and board roles, he has overseen significant M A activity, including Wright Medical s $4.1 billion sale to Stryker and Extended Stay America s $6.0 billion sale to Blackstone and Starwood Capital. 6 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Board of Directors is committed to maintaining high standards of ethical business conduct and sound corporate governance practices and policies. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines reflect our Board s commitment to monitoring the effectiveness of the Board and its committees in exercising their responsibilities. Code of Conduct Our Code of Conduct (the Code of Conduct ) addresses the professional, honest and transparent conduct of our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Conduct also addresses conflicts of interest, disclosure processes, compliance with laws, rules, and regulations (including insider trading laws), corporate opportunities, confidentiality, fair dealing, and protection and proper use of Company assets. The Code of Conduct encourages the reporting of any illegal or unethical behavior. Any amendments to, or waivers of, the Code of Conduct will be disclosed on our website promptly following the date of such amendment or waiver as required by law. Copies of the Code of Conduct may be obtained in print without charge upon written request by any stockholder to the Company s office at 6496 University Parkway, Sarasota, Florida 34240. Insider Trading Policy We have adopted a securities transaction compliance program applicable to our directors, officers and employees, and have implemented procedures for the Company governing the purchase, sale, and other disposition of our securities. We believe our insider trading policy and procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to us. Director Independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that a majority of our directors qualify as independent, as defined by the listing standards of Nasdaq. As required by these director independence standards, our Board reviewed and analyzed the independence of each director earlier this year to determine whether any particular relationship or transaction involving any director, or any of that director s affiliates or immediate family members, was inconsistent with a determination that the director is independent for purposes of serving on our Board of Directors and its committees. During this review, our Board examined transactions and relationships between directors or their affiliates and immediate family members and Roper and/or Roper s management. As a result of this review our Board affirmatively determined that all directors are independent, except for Mr. Hunn, and that each member of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees is independent under applicable Nasdaq and Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules for purposes of serving on such committees. Nominating Process The Nominating and Governance Committee, acting under its charter, determines the desired skills, abilities, judgment, diversity of background and experience, and other criteria deemed appropriate for service as a director and is responsible for recommending new director candidates and renomination of incumbent directors based on those criteria, which include but is not limited to: high personal and professional ethics; integrity and values; knowledge of our business environment; sound judgment and analytical ability; skills and experience in the context of the needs of our Board; breadth of business experience and diversity of perspective; and whether the candidate meets the applicable independence requirements under Nasdaq and SEC rules. Our Board s process for identifying and evaluating potential director nominees includes soliciting recommendations from our directors and engaging a third party to assist in identifying potential director nominees when a Board position becomes available. Neither the Board of Directors nor the Nominating and Governance Committee has a specific policy regarding consideration of shareholder director nominees. Shareholder nominees submitted pursuant to the requirements set forth in the By-laws will be considered under the same criteria that are applied to other candidates. A shareholder of record who nominates a director candidate must provide a notice along with the additional information and materials required by our By-laws. See Information Regarding the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders for additional information regarding nominating director candidates. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED) BOARD SNAPSHOT Executive Leadership Experience Financial and Accounting Expertise Corporate Governance Experience Decentralized Operating Model Experience Software/Technology Industry Experience Cybersecurity and Data Stewardship Experience International Experience Acquisition and Capital Investment Experience Organizational Development/Talent Management Experience Risk Management Experience Strategic Planning Experience Years on the Board 8 11 5 8 21 5 2 11 19 Age 63 70 67 54 78 65 57 70 75 * The demographic profile of the Board includes characteristics such as race/ethnicity (2 directors) and/or gender (4 directors). 8 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED) Limitations on Outside Board Service Our Corporate Governance Guidelines limit the number of other public company boards on which a Company director may serve. Directors may serve on the board of directors of other public companies but are required to limit such service to boards of no more than three public companies in addition to the Company s Board, and not more than two public companies in addition to the Company s Board for the Chair of the Board. Additionally, directors who also serve as the Chief Executive Officer of a public company are expected to serve on no more than one other public company board of directors in addition to the Company s Board. Proxy Access Our By-laws enable a shareholder, or a group of up to twenty shareholders, owning 3% or more of the Company s outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in our proxy materials up to the greater of two directors or 20% of the number of our directors then in office, provided that the shareholders and the nominees satisfy the requirements set forth in the By-laws. Review and Approval of Related Person Transactions The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving, as appropriate, all transactions with related persons. Although we have not adopted written procedures for reviewing related person transactions, we will review any relationship or transaction in which the Company and our directors, executive officers or their immediate family members are participants to determine whether such persons have a direct or indirect material interest. There were no related person transactions during 2025. Shareholder Communications Shareholders or other interested parties may send written communications to our Board of Directors or non-management Board members in care of the Corporate Secretary to the address set forth below. This process is also set forth on our website at www.ropertech.com . All communications will be kept confidential and promptly forwarded to the appropriate director. Items unrelated to a director s duties and responsibilities as a Board member may be excluded by the Corporate Secretary, including, without limitation: solicitations and advertisements; junk mail; product-related communications; job referral materials such as resumes; surveys; and material that is determined to be illegal or otherwise inappropriate. The director to whom such information is addressed is informed that the information has been removed, and that it will be made available to such director upon request. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct, Director Independence Standards, and By-laws are available on our website at www.ropertech.com/governance-documents . Requests for copies of these documents or of the full text of the By-law provision regarding director candidate nominations and communications to our Board of Directors or non-management Board members should be addressed to: Roper Technologies, Inc. 6496 University Parkway Sarasota, Florida 34240 Attention: Corporate Secretary Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents SUSTAINABILITY We endeavor to conduct our business in an ethically and socially responsible manner. We also recognize the importance of these topics to our current and potential future shareholders, customers, and employees. Although Roper s operating and governance structure is highly decentralized, our goal is to provide an environment and governance system that enables each business to improve over time. This includes not only our financial performance, but our performance in sustainability-related matters. Our businesses are expected to improve in these areas over time, and we afford our leaders latitude to develop programs to drive the expected performance improvement in sustainability and meet the needs of their respective stakeholders. Approach to Sustainability In developing our sustainability strategy, our priority is to align with existing Roper operating principles. Our method of management recognizes the diversity of our businesses and allows and encourages their respective strengths and areas of opportunity to develop organically. We intend to maintain our unique operational approach and allow our businesses to operate under our decentralized governance structure while we provide encouragement, support, and assistance on sustainability matters. To aid this effort, we engaged a third-party sustainability consultant to supplement the efforts of Roper s sustainability team and to provide technical expertise with respect to greenhouse gas reporting. The Sustainability Road Ahead As we advance our sustainability efforts, we understand that we still have work ahead of us. However, we remain confident in our ability to continue to drive improvement across the enterprise to meet the expectations of our stakeholders. We plan to publish a 2025 sustainability data update by the end of June 2026. For more information on Roper s approach to sustainability and our programs, see our prior sustainability reports and updates available on our website. The information contained on, or available through, our website is not incorporated by reference in this Proxy Statement. 10 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS Our Board of Directors held eight meetings in 2025. All directors on the Board during 2025 attended more than 75 percent of the total Board and committee meetings to which they were assigned. Our Board has not implemented a formal policy regarding director attendance at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, but encourages all directors to attend. All of our directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Board Leadership Structure The Company has separated the roles of the Board Chair and CEO. The Board believes this structure allows our CEO to focus on strategy and operations, and allows our Board Chair to lead the Board in its oversight responsibilities. Ms. Brinkley became the Independent Board Chair in June 2021. Ms. Brinkley s in-depth knowledge of our Company and deep expertise in risk management allow her to effectively identify strategic priorities, lead Board discussions, and oversee the execution of our Company s strategy and business plans. The non-management directors meet in executive session as frequently as they wish, but at least five times a year. The Independent Chair of the Board presides over these executive sessions. Effective Board Processes As a result of our Board structure and processes, our directors are actively involved in overseeing the strategy, business, and affairs of our Company, including our continued transformation to a diversified technology company. Our Board meetings typically extend over several days, with directors monitoring the existing portfolio of businesses and analyzing and carefully examining with management the different ways Roper can invest for future growth, both internally and through acquisitions. Between scheduled Board meetings, our directors continue their discussions with management and each other, enabling our Company to draw from their knowledge and expertise. Our directors are involved in our corporate strategy and must keep abreast of the issues encountered by our diverse global business operations. In addition, our directors participate in periodic education sessions led by domain experts or management on key topics such as generative AI and cybersecurity. The Board, including its Nominating and Governance Committee, has an effective Board recruitment and evaluation process that facilitates bringing together a group of directors who complement each other and collectively provide oversight of management in ways that include challenging and discussing different perspectives. Executive Succession Planning Our Board recognizes the importance of effective leadership to our Company s success and is actively engaged and involved, on a continual basis, in succession planning on both a long- and short-term basis. Our Company s operating unit executives, who have responsibility for their respective businesses, but no enterprise-wide responsibilities, provide a broad and deep talent resource that is key to our executive succession planning. Risk Oversight Our Board has overall responsibility for the oversight of risk management at our Company, which it generally carries out through Board committees. However, several categories of risk management, such as cybersecurity, data privacy, and artificial intelligence are overseen by our full Board. Our General Counsel informs each committee and the Board of relevant legal and compliance issues, and each committee also has access to our Company s outside counsel or any other outside advisor when they deem it advisable. Each of these committees along with our management team, who is responsible for the implementation of the process to identify, manage and monitor risks, keeps the entire Board regularly apprised of the different risks associated with our Company. The Audit Committee oversees financial risk, including such factors as liquidity, credit, currency exchange, interest rates and market conditions, through review and discussion with management, and monitors our Company s risk management practices, including its enterprise risk management program. It meets regularly with our independent auditors together with our Vice President of Audit Services and Chief Compliance Officer, who reports directly to the Audit Committee. In addition to financial risk, the Audit Committee also reviews and discusses other risks that relate to our business activities and operations. The Compensation Committee, in overseeing risk associated with compensation programs and practices, has directly retained its own independent compensation consultant, and meets periodically with management to discuss current issues. The Nominating and Governance Committee monitors the compliance of our corporate governance practices and policies with applicable requirements and evolving developments. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS (CONTINUED) Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Our Board of Directors has not delegated responsibility for cybersecurity matters or data privacy matters to a Board committee. Rather, the Board believes that due to the importance and continually evolving nature of risks from cybersecurity threats and data privacy obligations, all members of the Board should participate in the oversight of these topics. As a result, management briefs the Board on cybersecurity at least five times a year, and on data privacy matters at least four times a year. Roper s Vice President of Audit Services and Chief Compliance Officer also periodically briefs the Audit Committee on cybersecurity matters and related risks. Cybersecurity and data privacy are also addressed in the Company s enterprise risk management program. Roper has also established a Cyber Disclosure Committee chaired by the Vice President of Cybersecurity to track and evaluate potentially material cybersecurity incidents and to assess their potential impact on the organization. This process builds upon Roper s Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan ( CSIRP ) and provides a framework for Roper management to monitor potentially material cybersecurity incidents. The Cyber Disclosure Committee reports its activities and findings, as appropriate, to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, and General Counsel, and, if appropriate, to the Board of Directors. Roper maintains a global Cybersecurity Program supervised by the Vice President of Cybersecurity that outlines required cybersecurity controls for all Roper businesses. Given the decentralized nature of Roper s operating model, day-to-day management and implementation of the Cybersecurity Program and deployment of the program s cybersecurity controls are managed locally by each of Roper s 29 business units. In addition, because Roper s businesses generally operate independently and maintain separate infrastructure and systems, we believe the risk of an enterprise-wide cybersecurity incident is somewhat reduced. While cybersecurity technologies and implementation may differ based on the needs and risk profile of each individual business, Roper has also implemented cybersecurity tools and managed services to centrally monitor certain aspects of the Cybersecurity Program. Roper performs cybersecurity risk assessments to assess compliance with mandated cybersecurity controls and to assess the likelihood and impact of specific cyberattacks. Cybersecurity risk assessments are periodically performed to assess internal compliance with cybersecurity strategy and the implementation of cybersecurity controls. Areas identified for enhancement and improvement are monitored and tracked to remediation by the Roper cybersecurity team, including the Vice President of Cybersecurity. In 2025, Roper engaged a third-party to assess its cybersecurity program under NIST CSF 2.0, CIS v8 and MITRE ATT CK/ATLAS standards. The results of the assessment largely aligned with those of the Company s own assessment, and the Roper cybersecurity team has implemented the suggested enhancements. Roper deploys cybersecurity practices and tools across all of our businesses designed to protect data, maintain resilient operations, and limit the impact of cybercrime. We deploy a Managed Detection and Response solution across all of our business units and our corporate infrastructure that is designed to address the detection, response, and remediation effectiveness for cybersecurity threats. This solution is intended to provide real-time visibility of the endpoint footprint across the enterprise, including patch management and vulnerabilities, device encryption, and cybersecurity threats and detections. Additionally, this solution is designed to provide real-time monitoring of identity-based attacks, emerging AI-powered threats, as well as monitoring of the deep, dark, and social webs for cybersecurity threats targeting Roper s businesses. We maintain a centralized incident response process with a third-party forensic partner on retainer. In addition, we have cybersecurity insurance coverage in place. Roper maintains a CSIRP, which requires each Roper business to designate a Cybersecurity Incident Response Team that is responsible for receiving, reviewing, and responding to cybersecurity incident reports and activities. Cybersecurity incidents are required to be promptly reported to the Roper cybersecurity team, who then monitors such incidents through their resolution. We work on security awareness with our employees throughout the year with annual cybersecurity training and monthly simulated phishing campaigns to better identify and report unusual behavior and to mitigate the likelihood and impact of possible cybersecurity incidents. Artificial Intelligence Senior management briefs the Board on Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) at least four times a year. In November 2025, we appointed a Senior Vice President of AI to lead the advancement of AI 12 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS (CONTINUED) capabilities across Roper s portfolio of vertical software businesses, reflecting our commitment to leveraging AI as a strategic driver of organic growth and operational efficiency. This role reports directly to senior executive leadership and is responsible for coordinating AI strategy enterprise-wide while respecting our decentralized operating model. We have implemented an AI governance framework that requires each business unit to establish a senior leadership committee responsible for overseeing the deployment of AI technologies in both internal operations and customer-facing products. These business-level committees operate with autonomy consistent with Roper s decentralized model, while receiving structural support from Roper s corporate legal, cybersecurity, and AI teams in the form of template policies, deployment guidelines, risk assessment frameworks, and ongoing consultation. AI is also addressed in the Company s enterprise risk management program. Board Committees Our Board has four standing committees: Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Governance, and Executive. All four committees operate under written charters, copies of which may be obtained upon request from the Corporate Secretary or viewed on Roper s website ( www.ropertech.com/governance-documents ). Each committee reviews its charter annually and reports its activities to the full Board on a regular basis. The current committee memberships are set forth below. Director Audit Compensation Nominating and Governance Executive Shellye L. Archambeau Chair l Amy Woods Brinkley l l Chair Irene M. Esteves l l Robert D. Johnson l l Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. l l John F. Murphy l l Laura G. Thatcher Chair l Richard F. Wallman Chair l Audit Committee: 9 Meetings Held in 2025 The Audit Committee assists our Board in its oversight of the quality and integrity of our financial statements, our structure for compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and the performance of our internal audit function. The Board has determined that based upon their extensive background and expertise, Ms. Esteves and Messrs. Joyce, Murphy and Wallman meet the criteria of an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules. The Board has determined that all Audit Committee members meet the heightened independence standards under Nasdaq and SEC rules applicable to audit committees and satisfy the Nasdaq standard of financial literacy, having accounting and related financial management expertise. Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee has the authority and responsibility to: appoint, compensate, retain and oversee the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; approve all audit engagement fees and terms, as well as pre-approve all non-audit engagements; and ensure that the independent auditors remain independent and objective; review the appointment and replacement of the Vice President of Audit Services, who provides the Audit Committee with significant reports to management and management s responses thereto; consider any reports or communications submitted by the independent auditors relating to our financial statements, policies, processes or determinations; Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS (CONTINUED) meet with management, the independent auditors and others to discuss matters relating to the scope and results of any audit, the financial statements, and changes to any auditing or accounting principles, policies, controls procedures or practices; review any major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentations, including significant changes in the selection or application of accounting principles, and major issues as to the adequacy of our internal controls, analyses regarding significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of the financial statements, and the effects of regulatory and accounting initiatives; review significant risks and exposures and the steps taken to monitor and minimize such risks, including overseeing the Company s enterprise risk management program; establish procedures for the receipt, investigation and resolution of complaints received by Roper regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and for the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; and prepare reports and disclosures required to be included in this Proxy Statement, including the Audit Committee Report below. Compensation Committee: 5 Meetings Held in 2025 The Compensation Committee administers our executive incentive compensation programs and determines annual salary levels and incentive compensation awards for our executive officers. The Board has determined that all Compensation Committee members meet the heightened independence standards under Nasdaq and SEC rules applicable to compensation committees. The Compensation Committee also, at the direction of the Board, periodically reviews and determines the form and amounts of director compensation. The Compensation Committee may delegate its duties and responsibilities to a sub-committee of the Committee and has the authority to retain its own compensation consultants. Additional information regarding the Compensation Committee s processes and procedures for the consideration and determination of executive compensation is set forth below in this Proxy Statement under Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee has the authority and responsibility to: annually review and approve corporate goals and objectives relevant to our CEO s compensation and based on that evaluation, determine and approve our CEO s compensation, including salary, bonus, incentive and equity compensation; annually review performance and approve compensation, including salary, bonus, incentive and equity compensation for our executive officers; grant awards and otherwise make determinations under our equity, incentive, retirement, and deferred compensation plans, to the extent provided in such plans; determine performance goals and certify whether performance goals have been satisfied for incentive plans containing performance criteria; periodically review and make recommendations to the Board concerning our equity, incentive, retirement, and deferred compensation plans; review risks associated with compensation and assess those reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company; periodically review and determine the form and amounts of director compensation; and review and discuss with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis disclosure regarding named executive officer compensation included in our annual Proxy Statement. Nominating and Governance Committee : 5 Meetings Held in 2025 The Nominating and Governance Committee assists our Board in identifying individuals qualified to become directors, determining the size and composition of our Board and its committees, developing and implementing corporate governance guidelines, evaluating the qualifications and independence of directors on a periodic basis, and evaluating the overall effectiveness of our Board and its committees. Pursuant to its charter, the Nominating and Governance Committee has the authority and responsibility to: evaluate a candidate s qualification based on a variety of factors, including such candidate s integrity, reputation, judgment, knowledge, and diversity of background and experience, as well as our Board s needs; 14 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS (CONTINUED) recommend qualified individuals for Board membership, including individuals suggested by directors and/or shareholders; periodically review the size and responsibilities of our Board and its committees and recommend changes to our Board; annually review and recommend committee slates and additional committee members to our Board as needed; periodically review the Company s sustainability strategy, initiatives and policies and receive updates on significant sustainability activities; review, together with the full Board, the Company s programs for the development and management of human capital; annually review the Company s Compliance Program and discuss potential revisions to the Company s Code of Conduct; develop and recommend to our Board a set of corporate governance guidelines and periodically review such guidelines and propose changes to our Board; and develop and recommend to our Board an annual self-evaluation process for our Board and its committees and administer and oversee the evaluation process. Executive Committee: No Meetings Held in 2025 The Executive Committee has the authority to exercise all powers of the Board between regularly scheduled Board meetings. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Compensation for our non-employee directors is governed by our Director Compensation Plan, which is a sub-plan of our 2021 Incentive Plan. The Director Compensation Plan permits recognition of the Board s instrumental contribution to Roper s long-term success and shareholder value. Compensation paid to our directors reflects the significant time commitment and effort associated with serving on our Board, in addition to numerous Committee meetings throughout the year. These time commitments, together with our focus on capital deployment for software and technology enabled product companies, and continual market developments present unique challenges to recruiting individuals capable of adding value to our high-growth, asset-light, diversified enterprise. Despite these challenges, in the past eight years, we have added four new independent directors bringing needed key skills, strengths and capabilities to the Board. Going forward, the Board will continue to insist on the high standards of qualifications that are in place. Consistent with Roper s long-standing pay-for-performance philosophy, the Director Compensation Plan ties director compensation directly to the Company s stock performance, closely aligning the financial interests of our directors with those of our shareholders. Directors receive limited cash retainers and no perquisites (such as deferred compensation benefits), and instead receive a higher percentage of their compensation in equity. The compensation paid under the Director Compensation Plan is summarized in the table below. 2025 Annual Equity Award Economic value of $385,000 (based on the closing price of the Company s stock on the date of grant) Award (either restricted stock or RSUs) vests 50% on the six-month anniversary of the grant date and 50% on the day prior to the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders $ 385,000 2025 Annual Cash Retainer * Cash Retainer $ 60,000 2025 Supplemental Annual Cash Retainers * Independent Chair $ 125,000 Chair of Audit Committee $ 5,000 Chair of Compensation Committee $ 5,000 Chair of Nominating and Governance Committee $ 5,000 We also reimburse our directors for reasonable travel expenses incurred in connection with attendance at Board, Committee and shareholder meetings and other Company business. In addition, the cash retainer and the number of equity awards granted are prorated for any new director appointed during the year based on the number of full months such director serves as a non-employee director during the year. * Pursuant to the Director Compensation Plan, directors may elect to receive their Annual Cash Retainer and Supplemental Annual Cash Retainers in the form of a stock award. 16 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION (CONTINUED) Mr. Hunn is an employee of our Company and did not receive any compensation for his service as a director. His compensation is set forth in the Executive Compensation section below. 2025 Director Compensation Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) Total ($) Shellye L. Archambeau 65,000 385,000 450,000 Amy Woods Brinkley 185,000 385,000 570,000 Irene M. Esteves 60,000 385,000 445,000 Robert D. Johnson 60,000 385,000 445,000 Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. 60,000 385,000 445,000 John F. Murphy 60,000 385,000 445,000 Laura G. Thatcher 65,000 385,000 450,000 Richard F. Wallman 65,000 385,000 450,000 Christopher Wright (3) 30,000 30,000 (1) The dollar values shown represent the grant date fair values for restricted stock or RSUs, as the case may be, granted to these directors during 2025, calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 ( ASC Topic 718 ). The restricted stock and RSUs generally vest in equal increments 50% six months from the date of grant and 50% on the day prior to the 2026 Annual Meeting. (2) The following directors elected to receive a portion of the respective cash retainers in stock awards of equivalent value pursuant to the Director Compensation Plan: Ms. Archambeau $32,500; Ms. Esteves $30,000; Mr. Joyce $30,000; and Mr. Wallman $32,500, which such awards vest six months from the date of grant. (3) Mr. Wright retired from the Board of Directors in June 2025. Our share ownership and retention guidelines for non-employee directors require each director to own shares of our common stock with a value of at least 10 times the annual cash base retainer, or $600,000 in value, within five years of becoming a director. Until the ownership requirements are met, non-employee directors are required to retain 60% of any shares they receive under our Director Compensation Plan. Each of our directors is in compliance with these guidelines. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules. Under the rules, the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage of ownership held by that person includes shares of common stock that could be acquired upon exercise of an option within sixty days, although such shares are not deemed exercised and outstanding for computing the percentage of ownership held by any other person. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes below, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. The following table shows the beneficial ownership of Roper common stock as of February 28, 2026 (except to the extent indicated otherwise in the footnotes below) by (i) each of our director nominees, (ii) each named executive officer in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table, (iii) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv) all persons who we know are the beneficial owners of five percent or more of Roper common stock. Except as noted below, the address of each person in the table is c/o Roper Technologies, Inc., 6496 University Parkway, Sarasota, Florida 34240 . Name of Beneficial Owner Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock (1)(2) Percent of Class The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355 12,477,080 (3) 11.6 % BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY, 10001 9,638,792 (4) 9.0 % Windacre Partnership LLC 2200 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 1580 Houston, TX 77056 7,100,000 (5) 6.9 % Shellye L. Archambeau 7,857 * * Amy Woods Brinkley 18,184 * * Jason P. Conley 105,633 * * Irene M. Esteves 3,438 * * L. Neil Hunn 531,591 (6) * * Robert D. Johnson 4,157 * * Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. 4,838 (7) * * John F. Murphy 1,496 * * Laura G. Thatcher 20,924 * * Richard F. Wallman 12,574 * * John K. Stipancich 108,965 * * All current directors and named executive officers as a group (11 individuals) 819,657 * *% ** Less than 1%. (1) Includes the following shares that could be acquired on or before April 29, 2026, upon exercise of stock options issued under Company plans as follows: Mr. Conley (73,938), Mr. Hunn (341,472), Mr. Stipancich (70,133), and all current directors and executive officers as a group (485,543). Holders do not have voting or investment power over unexercised option shares. (2) Includes the following shares of unvested restricted stock held by directors and named executives officers over which they have sole voting power but no investment power: Ms. Brinkley (337), Mr. Conley (8,815), Mr. Hunn (32,665), Mr. Joyce (59), Mr. Murphy (337), Mr. Stipancich (8,110), Ms. Thatcher (337), and Mr. Wallman (401). The total for all current directors and executive officers as a group is (51,061). (3) Based on information reported on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 30, 2026, as of December 31, 2025, The Vanguard Group beneficially owned 12,477,080 shares of Roper common stock with shared voting power over 1,063,257 shares, and shared dispositive power over 12,477,080 shares. The Vanguard Group subsequently reported on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on March 27, 2026, that due to an internal realignment it no longer has, or is deemed to have, beneficial ownership over Company securities beneficially owned by various Vanguard subsidiaries and/or business divisions. The Vanguard Group also reported that certain subsidiaries or business divisions that formerly had, or were deemed to have, beneficial ownership with The Vanguard Group, will report beneficial ownership separately (on a disaggregated basis). (4) Based on information reported on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 25, 2024, as of December 31, 2023, BlackRock, Inc. (and certain of its subsidiaries) beneficially owned 9,638,792 shares of Roper common stock with sole voting power over 8,851,717 shares and sole dispositive power over 9,638,792 shares. (5) Based on information available to the Company, including a stockholder analysis report prepared by a third-party service provider, WindAcre Partnership LLC may beneficially own in excess of 5% of the Company s common stock. Such report estimated that, as of March 19, 2026, WindAcre Partnership LLC held approximately 7.1 million shares, or approximately 6.9% of the outstanding 18 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP (CONTINUED) shares. The Company has not received a Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G from this holder and has not independently verified such information. (6) Includes 92,808 shares held by a limited partnership which is owned 49.5% by a trust created by Mr. Hunn, 49.5% by a trust created by Mr. Hunn s spouse, and 1% by an LLC which serves as the general partner of the limited partnership. The LLC is owned 50% by Mr. Hunn s trust and 50% by Mr. Hunn s spouse s trust. Mr. Hunn serves as the sole manager of the LLC. (7) Includes 1,400 shares held by Mr. Joyce s spouse. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) requires the Company s directors, executive officers, and greater than 10% shareholders to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors, and greater than 10% shareholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To the Company s knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports filed electronically with the SEC and written representations that no other reports were required, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to its officers, directors, and greater than 10% shareholders were complied with in fiscal year 2025, except for one inadvertent late Form 4 report filed by Brandon Cross, Vice President and Corporate Controller, relating to one tax withholding transaction. 20 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) provides information about our compensation objectives and policies for our CEO and other executive officers included in the Summary Compensation Table and referred to in this CD A as named executive officers. Our named executive officers for 2025 are: L. Neil Hunn, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jason P. Conley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John K. Stipancich, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. OVERVIEW With the goal of generating long-term value for our shareholders, we maintain an executive compensation program designed to: attract and retain executives with the leadership skills, attributes, and experience necessary to succeed in an enterprise with Roper s unique strategic focus, capital deployment strategy, and broad portfolio diversity; motivate executives to demonstrate exceptional personal performance and perform consistently at or above the levels that we expect, over the long-term and through a range of economic cycles; link compensation to the achievement of goals and objectives that we believe best correlate with the creation of long-term shareholder value; and compensate executives in a manner consistent with private equity opportunities in light of their dual obligations for (i) supervising the operating performance of our diverse set of 29 businesses, and (ii) effectively deploying capital to acquire high-quality companies consistent with our strategic focus. To achieve these objectives our compensation program combines annual and long-term components, cash and equity, and fixed and variable elements, with a bias toward long-term equity awards tied closely to driving growth and shareholder returns. Our executive compensation program rewards our executive officers when they help increase long-term shareholder value, achieve annual business goals, effectively deploy capital, and successfully execute other strategic objectives. 2025 Financial Performance In 2025, we continued to demonstrate the resilience of our operating model and produced another year of strong results. (1) GAAP revenue increased 12% to $7.90 billion and organic revenue increased 5%; GAAP net earnings were $1.54 billion while adjusted net earnings increased 9% to $2.16 billion; Adjusted EBITDA increased by 11% to $3.14 billion; GAAP operating cash flow increased 6% to $2.54 billion, adjusted operating cash flow increased 7% to $2.57 billion, and adjusted free cash flow increased 8% to $2.47 billion; We deployed $3.3 billion of capital toward vertical-market software acquisitions, highlighted by our acquisitions of CentralReach, a leading provider of SaaS and AI-enabled solutions enabling the workflow and administration of applied behavior analysis therapy for autism spectrum disorder and related disabilities care, for $1.85 billion, and Subsplash, a leading provider of AI-enabled SaaS providing digital engagement, as well as church management and integrated giving solutions for faith-based organizations for $800 million; Our annual dividend increased by 10%, increasing for the 33rd consecutive year; and We authorized the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of our common stock, and through February 20, 2026, we repurchased approximately 4.844 million shares for approximately $1.814 billion. (1) Certain financial information is presented on an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis. A reconciliation from non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure and other related information is available in Appendix A Reconciliations . Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) CREATING SHAREHOLDER VALUE The creation of shareholder value is the foundation and driver of our executive compensation program and corporate strategy. The compensation of our named executive officers is closely aligned with the long-term interests of our shareholders. Strong Long-Term Returns for Roper Shareholders Roper is proud of its long track record of strong returns for its shareholders. As outlined in the graph below, $100 invested in Roper at the end of 2001 would have yielded an investor $2,085 as of December 31, 2025, compared to only $940 for the same investment in the S P 500: All periods ending December 31 of the referenced year. Focus on Cash Generation We believe that cash generation is the best overall measure of our performance and far superior to other traditional financial metrics. Through a combination of strategic and operational excellence and disciplined capital deployment, Roper has historically delivered meaningful year-over-year increases in free cash flow. After servicing debt obligations and returning capital to our shareholders through dividends, and now stock repurchases, we deploy excess cash flow to acquire high-quality companies with significant cash generation potential. We then provide these companies with oversight, guidance, and incentive systems to help drive profitable growth in our unique operating structure. 22 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) Strong 2025 Performance for Roper Roper experienced another solid year highlighted by strong operational and strategic execution. Our strategic focus on asset-light, diversified technology businesses and our ability to generate and compound cash flow delivered another strong year of performance. (1) GAAP revenue increased 12% to $7.90 billion with organic revenue up 5%; GAAP net earnings were $1.54 billion while adjusted net earnings increased 9% to $2.16 billion; Adjusted EBITDA increased 11% to $3.14 billion; GAAP operating cash flow increased 6% to $2.54 billion, adjusted operating cash flow increased 7% to $2.57 billion, and adjusted free cash flow increased 8% to $2.47 billion; Deployed $3.3 billion of capital toward vertical-market software acquisitions, highlighted by our acquisitions of CentralReach, a leading provider of SaaS and AI-enabled solutions enabling the workflow and administration of applied behavior analysis therapy for autism spectrum disorder and related disabilities care, for $1.85 billion, and Subsplash, a leading provider of AI-enabled SaaS providing digital engagement, as well as church management and integrated giving solutions for faith-based organizations for $800 million; Annual dividend increased by 10%, increasing for the 33rd consecutive year; and Authorized the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of our common stock, and through February 20, 2026, we repurchased approximately 4.844 million shares for approximately $1.814 billion. (1) Certain financial information is presented on an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis. A reconciliation from non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure and other related information is available in Appendix A Reconciliations . Simple Strategy Rigorously Applied Drives Powerful Value Creation Roper has a simple and successful business model that is unique among vertical software and technology-enabled products companies. We operate high-margin, high cash-generating, asset-light businesses across a wide range of diverse end-markets. Our high-performing businesses generate excess free cash flow that our executive team deploys to acquire additional high-performing businesses. This creates a compounding effect for cash flow that drives long-term value creation. Despite completing the divestiture of businesses that represented over 27% of our 2020 revenue in 2022, our adjusted free cash flow increased from $890 million in 2015 to $2.466 billion in 2025 (on a continuing operations basis), a compound annual growth rate of 11% driven by our combination of outstanding business performance and value-creating capital deployment. (2) Note: Free Cash Flow = Cash Flow from Operations less Capital Expenditures less Capitalized Software Expenditures. (2) This financial information is presented on an adjusted (non-GAAP) and consolidated basis. A reconciliation from non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure and other related information is available in Appendix A Reconciliations . Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) Market Capitalization Growth Roper s market capitalization has increased more than $40 billion since January 2011.* * Chart reflects ending period as December 31, 2025. 24 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) Acquisition-Focused Capital Deployment Historically, we have deployed the majority of our free cash flow toward acquisitions to generate long-term growth and create long-term shareholder value. Our CEO and other top executives are responsible for the disciplined deployment of capital through acquisitions. As such, our executives must be well-versed at improving operations and optimizing capital deployment, as both are significant contributors to value creation for our shareholders. In October 2025, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to $3 billion of our common stock a meaningful signal of our confidence in Roper s strategy and our commitment to returning capital to shareholders. OVERVIEW OF OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM Consideration of Say-on-Pay Vote At the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, over 91% of the votes cast were in favor of the advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation, compared to over 89% in 2024, and over 93% in 2023. The Compensation Committee believes the Say-on-Pay vote continues to reflect the solid support of our shareholders for our long-standing pay-for-performance philosophy and approach of integrating executive compensation with our value creation model, as well as for recent changes to our executive compensation program. As we did in prior years, we reached out to six of our largest shareholders who we believed voted against the compensation program to better understand and address their concerns. Roper has implemented numerous changes over the past several years to our executive compensation program to help ensure it remains closely aligned with the long-term interests of our shareholders: 100% of restricted shares and restricted stock units are performance-based, with all vesting contingent upon meeting multi-year objective financial performance requirements. Only stock options, which are implicitly performance-based, vest by continued time-based service alone. Equity awards made to all named executive officers may vest only at the end of a three-year period. Dividends on restricted shares and dividend equivalents on restricted stock units are not paid until the shares are earned and are forfeited if shares are not earned. In 2024, we began using adjusted net earnings together with a relative total shareholder return modifier for our long-term stock incentives to more closely align the long-term program with our future growth ambitions and to be reflective of the cost of capital utilized to support our strategic objectives. We also incorporated an opportunity to achieve a maximum potential payout of 200% of the target opportunity for exceptional growth. Long-term stock incentives granted prior to 2024 used multi-year cumulative EBITDA and relative operating cash flow margin performance requirements. Additionally in 2024, we began using growth in adjusted EBITDA as the performance metric for our annual cash incentive program to more closely align the program with our revised strategy for enhanced growth and reflect peer compensation practices. We also incorporated an opportunity to achieve a maximum potential payout of 150% of the target opportunity to further incent growth. 96% of our CEO s compensation is subject to performance risk and tied to financial results and stock price. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) Checklist of Compensation Practices Consistent with shareholder interests and market best practices, positive features of our executive compensation program are identified below, as well as problematic pay practices we do not undertake: What We Do What We Don t Do Substantially all compensation for named executive officers is tied to performance. Performance-based vesting requirements apply to 100% of restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards (no time vesting alone). Robust share ownership and retention guidelines. A clawback policy to recoup certain erroneously paid cash and equity compensation, and a supplemental clawback policy allowing the Board to seek recoupment of incentive-based compensation (cash or equity, including time-based equity) from its executive officers in the event of certain misconduct. Risk assessment review as part of risk mitigation process. Independent compensation consultant retained by the Compensation Committee. No payment of dividends or dividend equivalents on performance-based restricted stock or restricted stock unit awards until earned. No defined-benefit pension plan or SERPs for named executive officers. No single trigger equity vesting upon change-in-control. Severance pay is very limited, as is the use of employment agreements. No hedging or pledging of Company stock is permitted. No excise tax gross-ups on change-in-control payments. No re-pricing of underwater stock options or cash buy-outs without shareholder approval. No granting of stock options with an exercise price less than fair market value at grant. Objectives of our Executive Compensation Program Our compensation program for our named executive officers reflects our business needs, market requirements, and challenges in creating long-term shareholder value, and is designed to: Drive long-term performance for the benefit of shareholders; Emphasize equity compensation to align named executive officers interests with those of shareholders; Provide compensation levels competitive with publicly traded companies and private equity firms, enabling us to recruit and retain seasoned leadership capable of effectively deploying capital, while driving and managing a diversified technology company that competes in a wide variety of end markets; Maintain flexibility to adjust to changing business needs in a fast-paced business environment; Simplify compensation design to promote transparency and facilitate ease of administration and communication; Solicit and consider the views of our shareholders; and Adhere to the highest legal, governance, and ethical standards. 26 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) ELEMENTS OF COMPENSATION Our executive compensation program consists of several elements, each with an objective that fits into our overall program to provide an integrated and competitive total pay package. Long-Term Stock Incentives Equity compensation is the largest and most important form of pay for our named executive officers as it achieves many of our key compensation objectives: Tie pay to performance by linking compensation to shareholder value creation and achievement of pre-established and objective performance criteria; Align named executive officers interests with those of shareholders while reinforcing a long-term planning horizon; Attract named executive officers, particularly those interested in building long-term value for shareholders; and Retain named executive officers and reward continued service by ensuring the forfeiture of awards prior to satisfaction of three-year service requirements. To determine the appropriate value of an equity award, the Compensation Committee considers the compensation practices of its peers as well as an executive s individual performance and relative responsibilities. We use two types of equity awards: Stock Options The exercise price of stock options is set at the market closing price of our common stock on the date of grant, which provides an incentive to grow shareholder value and requires continued service over multiple years to realize any gains. Stock options generally vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units In addition to continued service, the vesting of restricted stock units is 100% contingent on the Company attaining specific, pre-established and objective performance goals, as specified by the Compensation Committee. Dividend equivalents are withheld and paid only to the extent the shares are actually earned by performance. Performance-based restricted stock units are intended to encourage the retention of named executive officers, provide a continuing incentive to increase shareholder value, and further align our named executive officers interests with shareholder interests. Equity Grant Timing Annual equity grants of performance-based restricted stock or restricted stock units and stock options are awarded to our named executive officers at the regularly scheduled committee meeting in March of each year, to coincide with the timing of annual equity awards made to other equity recipients. As a general matter, the Compensation Committee does not take material nonpublic information into account when determining the timing and terms of stock option awards. The grant timing described above is used to provide for a routine and regular grant practice regarding all employees stock options, and in order to make sure that the existence (or lack thereof) of material non-public information is not a factor in decisions about the timing or size of stock option grants. Similarly, the Company has not timed the disclosure of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. During 2025, the Company did not grant options to any named executive officer during any period beginning four business days before and ending one business day after the filing of any Company periodic report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, or the filing or furnishing of any Company Form 8-K that disclosed any material non-public information. The exercise price for stock options is set at the market closing price of Roper common stock on the date of grant. From time to time the Compensation Committee may grant additional awards in connection with promotions or increased responsibilities as well as to newly hired employees. We use two types of cash payments: Cash Incentives Cash incentives support the achievement of our business strategies by tying a portion of compensation to the achievement of established financial objectives and assist in attracting named executive officers due to their market prevalence. Cash incentives are capped to avoid an excessive short-term focus and potentially excessive risk-taking. Annual cash incentives for named executive officers, including our CEO, are tied to annual performance. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) Base Salary Base salary is fixed cash compensation that reflects level and scope of responsibility, experience, and skills as well as market practices. The Compensation Committee reviews each named executive officer s base salary annually as well as in connection with a promotion or other change in responsibilities. Salary adjustments are usually effective as of January 1. Other Pay Elements Roper does not provide supplemental pensions and other compensation not tied to performance. The additional items summarized below represent only a small portion of our named executive officers total compensation. Retirement Benefits Named executive officers may participate under the same terms as other eligible employees in a 401(k) plan that provides employer contributions capped at 7.5% of cash compensation, subject to limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ); and To provide financial planning flexibility, we maintain a Non-Qualified Retirement Plan, under which named executive officers may elect to defer cash compensation. This plan is intended to provide deferred compensation benefits that would have been earned under the tax-qualified 401(k) plan but for certain limitations imposed by the Code. For more information on this plan, see the Executive Compensation 2025 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation section below. Perquisites and Other Benefits Perquisites and other non-cash benefits offered to named executive officers include limited personal use of company aircraft and financial planning assistance (for Mr. Hunn only), an automobile allowance and periodic medical physicals. Club memberships are permitted when they have a business purpose. Severance and Change in Control Provisions We have letter agreements only with Messrs. Hunn and Stipancich. These arrangements provide severance benefits in the event of termination of employment under certain circumstances, including in connection with a change in control. For a description of these agreements and payments under various termination scenarios, see the Executive Compensation Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control section below. Double Trigger Equity Vesting In regard to equity awards, we use a double trigger approach to vesting upon a change in control, rather than providing for vesting solely upon a change in control ( single trigger ), because we believe it provides adequate protection and reduces potential costs for a possible acquirer of the Company. See the Executive Compensation Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control section below for additional detail. No Excise Tax Gross-Ups A named executive officer may be subject to excise taxes on benefits received in relation to a change in control of the Company. We do not provide excise-tax gross-ups to named executive officers (which would place the named executive officer in the same tax position as if the excise tax did not apply). 28 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) Mix of Total Compensation Compensation for our named executive officers encourages a long-term focus and closely aligns with shareholder interests. For 2025, the total direct compensation at target that was at risk and tied to stock price and performance objectives was 96% for the CEO, and 91% on average for our other named executive officers. 2025 Total Direct Compensation Mix COMPENSATION PROCESS Compensation Committee Oversight The Compensation Committee oversees our executive compensation program to appropriately compensate our named executive officers, motivate our named executive officers to achieve our business objectives, and align our named executive officers interests with those of our shareholders. The Compensation Committee reviews each element of compensation for each named executive officer and determines any adjustments to compensation structure and levels in light of various considerations, including: The scope of the named executive officer s responsibilities, performance, and experience as well as competitive compensation levels; Our financial results compared to prior periods; The structure of our compensation program relative to sound risk management, as discussed with management; The results of the advisory shareholder vote on the compensation of our named executive officers and input from shareholders; Competitive pressures from private equity and capital deployment companies, as well as market practices and external developments generally; and The utilization of a compensation consultant who provides extensive external analysis of named executive officer compensation of industry peer group companies for comparison purposes. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) The Compensation Committee has maintained a simple program that drives long-term performance and strong value creation for shareholders enabling Roper to attract, retain, and motivate an outstanding leadership team. Compensation Consultant The Compensation Committee has retained the services of Compensia, a national compensation consulting firm, (the Consultant ), to closely monitor developments and trends in executive compensation and to provide recommendations for appropriate adjustments to the Company s compensation program, policies and practices in line with the Company s business and talent strategies and investor expectations. The Consultant is independent, reports directly to the Chair of the Compensation Committee and has never performed other work for the Company. Each year the Compensation Committee confirms that its engagement of the Consultant does not raise any conflicts of interest, and consistent with prior years, for 2025 there were no conflicts of interest. The Consultant attends all meetings of the Compensation Committee where evaluations of the effectiveness of our overall executive compensation program are conducted or where compensation for named executive officers is analyzed or approved. The Chair of the Compensation Committee meets with the Consultant in advance of committee meetings and confers with the Consultant between meetings. The Consultant assists in gathering and analyzing market data on compensation levels and provides expert knowledge of marketplace trends and best practices relating to competitive pay levels as well as developments in regulatory and technical matters. Roles of Our Named Executive Officers While the Compensation Committee is ultimately responsible for making all compensation decisions affecting our named executive officers, our CEO participates in the process because of his close day-to-day association with the other named executive officers and his knowledge of the Company s diverse business operations. Our CEO discusses with the Compensation Committee the performance of the Company and of each named executive officer, including himself. The CEO also discusses with the Compensation Committee the performance of other key executives. The CEO makes recommendations on the components of compensation for the named executive officers, other than himself, but does not participate in the portion of the Compensation Committee meeting regarding the review of his own performance or the determination of the actual amounts of his compensation. Our Chief Financial Officer and our Controller also assist the Compensation Committee as an information resource in regard to metrics related to incentive compensation. Our General Counsel also provides support to the Committee, as needed, with respect to his areas of expertise. Comparative Compensation Information Market pay levels and practices, including those of a self-selected peer group, are among many factors the Compensation Committee considers in making compensation decisions. 30 Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) Purpose We review market-based comparative compensation information to provide an external frame of reference on range and reasonableness of compensation levels and practices. Market information is used as a data point in decision-making, and not as a primary factor. Challenges Our high-margin, high-cash generative, asset-light business model and diversified end-markets make it challenging to select peers using traditional criteria, such as revenue, industry codes or competitors. Roper s 29 operating businesses have peers that can be assigned by industry, but at the enterprise level Roper has no peers that match our diverse set of businesses and unique operating model. Given our valuation relative to revenue, using only revenue in measuring Roper s size understates the relative market value of Roper and is therefore a poor indicator. Likewise, comparing Roper against a peer group selected primarily on the basis of GICS code classification can lead to inappropriate comparisons, particularly in light of Roper s diverse business mix and private equity-like business model. Private Equity Given the capital deployment responsibilities of our named executive officers and the private equity-like nature of our business, we consider the compensation levels and practices used by private equity firms that offer comprehensive programs, which often include co-investment and leveraged carried-interest opportunities. While Roper s operating model is closely akin to that of private equity firms, we do not allow our named executive officers to co-invest in Company investments, nor do they benefit from carried-interest tax treatment. Our compensation practices often compete with private equity opportunities when recruiting and retaining talented professionals who possess deep expertise in both operations and capital deployment. 2025 Peer Group Our self-selected peer group reflects our continued strong growth, sustained value creation, continuing expansion into software and technology-driven businesses, market valuation relative to revenues and gross investment, and intense competition with private equity for talent and investment opportunities. Roper s decision and subsequent transformation to focus on software and technology-enabled products has changed the performance of the Company significantly. Today, approximately 77% of Roper s revenue is derived from our software businesses. In addition, Roper s historical growth and strong shareholder returns are in part the result of Roper s capital deployment strategy. All of these facts make it continually difficult to select appropriate peers. For 2025, the Committee added CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc., Fortinet, Inc. and Synopsys, Inc., to the self-selected peer group to more closely align the peer group with the Company s portfolio of businesses and removed Adobe Inc. and Salesforce, Inc. from the self-selected peer group. In addition, ANSYS, Inc., which was in the 2025 peer group, was acquired by Synopsys, Inc. in July 2025. At the time of peer company selection, the Committee determined that the self-selected peer group was appropriate based on its review of both financial and non-financial characteristics. The 2025 peer companies, other than ANSYS, Inc., are listed below along with various size indicators. Roper Technologies, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) Market Capitalization (1) ($ millions) Enterprise Value (1) ($ millions) Revenue (2) ($ millions) Net Income (2) ($ millions) Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) Sub-Industry Intuit Inc. INTU $184,334 $187,655 $20,121 $4,340 Application Software Synopsys, Inc. SNPS $ 89,866 $ 98,692 $ 8,002 $1,105 Application Software Cadence Design Systems, Inc. CDNS $ 85,085 $ 84,470 $ 5,297 $1,109 Application Software Autodesk, Inc. ADSK $ 62,754 $ 63,199 $ 7,200 $1,124 Application Software Zoom Communications, Inc. ZM $ 22,916 $ 17,724 $ 4,869 $1,900 Application Software Boston Scientific Corporatio