=== ROP_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report under the heading Risk Factors. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are based on current expectations. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any of these statements in light of new information or future events. 3 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS All currency amounts are in millions unless specified Our Business Roper Technologies, Inc. ( Roper, the Company, we, our, or us ) is a diversified technology company. Roper has a proven, long-term, successful track record of compounding cash flow and increasing shareholder value. We operate market leading businesses that design and develop vertical software and technology enabled products for a variety of defensible niche markets. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in revenue, earnings, and cash flow by enabling continuous improvement in the operating performance of our businesses and by acquiring businesses that offer high value-added software, services, technology-enabled products, and solutions that we believe are capable of realizing growth while maintaining high margins. We compete in many defensible niche markets and believe we are the market leader or a competitive alternative to the market leader in most of these markets. In the last three years, we have deployed approximately $8,960 of capital toward acquisitions. In 2025, this included approximately $1,850 for the acquisition of CentralReach, a leading provider of Software-as-a-Service ( SaaS ) and AI-enabled solutions for applied behavior analysis ( ABA ) therapy clinicians, and approximately $800 for the acquisition of Subsplash, a leading provider of AI-enabled SaaS, and integrated giving solutions, for faith-based organizations. In 2024, this included approximately $1,860 for the acquisition of Procare, a leading provider of SaaS solutions and integrated payment processing for early childhood education centers, and approximately $1,600 for the acquisition of Transact Campus, a leading provider of integrated campus technology and payment solutions serving higher education, healthcare, and business campuses, which was combined with our CBORD business. In 2023, this included approximately $1,380 for the acquisition of Syntellis, a leading provider of SaaS solutions for healthcare, financial institution, and higher education providers, which was combined with our Strata business. Additionally, we deployed approximately $1,470 toward other bolt-on acquisitions to help build on the strategic position of several of our businesses. In November 2022, Roper completed the divestiture of a majority equity stake in its industrial businesses, including its entire historical Process Technologies reportable segment and the industrial businesses within its historical Measurement Analytical Solutions reportable segment (collectively Indicor ), to Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC ( CD R ). Following the sale of the majority stake, Roper retained a minority equity interest in Indicor. See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for additional information regarding Roper s minority equity interest in Indicor. The financial results of Indicor are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, discussion within Part I relates to continuing operations. We were incorporated on December 17, 1981 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Market Share, Market Expansion, and Product Development Leadership with Technology and Products for Niche Markets We maintain a leading position in many of our markets. We believe our market positions are attributable to the applications expertise used to create high value products and solutions for our customers, the underlying critical nature of our offerings, and the inherent customer intimacy of our chosen niche markets. Our businesses realize growth from new and existing customers in their niche markets through successfully executing go-to-market strategies, developing new products and applications, and delivering professional services. Increasingly, this includes AI-enabled products and functionality embedded within customers mission-critical workflows. By leveraging our deep domain expertise, proprietary data, and long-standing customer relationships, we believe these AI capabilities enhance product differentiation, and drive incremental automation and improved customer outcomes which support expanded monetization opportunities. Diversified End Markets and Geographic Reach We have a global presence, with sales to customers outside of the U.S. totaling $1,029.7 in 2025. Information regarding our international operations is set forth in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 4 Our Reportable Segments Roper s segment reporting structure is based on business model and delivery of performance obligations. The three reportable segments are as follows: Application Software Aderant, CentralReach, Clinisys, Data Innovations, Deltek, Frontline, IntelliTrans, PowerPlan, Procare, Strata, Transact/CBORD, and Vertafore; Network Software ConstructConnect, DAT, Foundry, iPipeline, iTradeNetwork, MHA, SHP, SoftWriters, and Subsplash; Technology Enabled Products CIVCO Medical Solutions, FMI, Inovonics, IPA, Neptune, Northern Digital, rf IDEAS, and Verathon. Financial information about our reportable segments is presented in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. Application Software Our Application Software segment had net revenues of $4,483.0 for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing 56.7% of our total net revenues. Below is a description of the products offered by businesses that comprise the Application Software segment: Aderant comprehensive management software and AI-enabled solutions for law and other professional services firms, including business development, calendar/docket matter management, time and billing, and case management. CentralReach SaaS and AI-enabled solutions enabling the workflow and administration of ABA therapy for autism spectrum disorder ( ASD ) and related disabilities care. Clinisys diagnostic and laboratory information management software solutions. Data Innovations software solutions that enable enterprise management of hospitals and independent laboratories. Deltek enterprise software, SaaS, and AI-enabled information solutions for government contractors, professional services firms, and other project-based businesses. Frontline cloud-based software for K-12 school administration, connecting solutions for human capital management, student and special programs, and business operations, with powerful analytics that empower educators. IntelliTrans transportation management software and services to bulk and break-bulk commodity producers. PowerPlan financial and compliance management software and solutions to large complex companies in asset-intensive industries. Procare cloud-based software and integrated payment processing for the management of early childhood education centers. Strata cloud-based financial analytics, performance management software, and data solutions used by healthcare providers, higher education, and financial institutions for financial planning, decision support, and continuous cost improvement. Transact/CBORD integrated campus technology and payment solutions, including secure access and campus identity software, commerce solutions, tuition management software and payment processing, as well as foodservice technologies, serving higher education, healthcare, K-12, and business campuses. Vertafore cloud-based software for the property and casualty insurance industry, including agency and distribution management, compliance, AI-enabled workflows, and data solutions. 5 Network Software Our Network Software segment had net revenues of $1,600.8 for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing 20.3% of our total net revenues. Below is a description of the products offered by businesses that comprise the Network Software segment: ConstructConnect cloud-based data, collaboration and estimating automation software and AI-enabled solutions focused on the pre-construction phase for a network of construction contractors and building product manufacturers/distributors. DAT electronic marketplaces that automate broker and carrier freight capacity matching throughout the U.S. and Canada, freight tracking and financing, and AI-enabled analytics solutions. Canadian-based Loadlink was combined with DAT in 2025. Foundry software technologies and AI-enabled solutions used to deliver visual effects and 3D content for the entertainment and digital design industries. iPipeline cloud-based software and AI-enabled analytics solutions for the life insurance/annuities and financial services industries. iTradeNetwork electronic marketplaces and supply chain software that connect food suppliers, distributors, and vendors, primarily in the perishable food sector. MHA health care services and software solutions to alternate site health care markets. SHP data analytics and benchmarking information solutions for the post-acute healthcare provider marketplace. SoftWriters software solutions to pharmacies that primarily serve the long-term care marketplace. Subsplash AI-enabled SaaS providing digital engagement, as well as church management and integrated giving solutions for faith-based organizations. Technology Enabled Products Our Technology Enabled Products segment had net revenues of $1,818.7 for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing 23.0% of our total net revenues. Below is a description of the products offered by businesses that comprise the Technology Enabled Products segment: CIVCO Medical Solutions accessories focused on guidance and infection control for ultrasound procedures. FMI dispensers and metering pumps which are utilized in a broad range of applications requiring precision fluid control. Inovonics high-performance wireless sensor networks and solutions for a variety of applications, including life-safety and access management. IPA automated surgical scrub and linen dispensing equipment for healthcare providers. Neptune water meters, enabling water utilities to remotely monitor their customers utilizing Automatic Meter Reading (AMR), Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) technologies, and cloud-based software supporting meter data management and utility billing. Northern Digital optical and electromagnetic precision measurement systems for medical and industrial applications. rf IDEAS RFID card and credential readers used in numerous identity access management applications across a variety of vertical markets. Verathon medical devices that enable airway management, including bronchoscopes and video laryngoscopes, and bladder volume measurement solutions for healthcare providers. 6 Materials and Suppliers We believe most materials and supplies we use are readily available from numerous sources and suppliers throughout the world. However, some components and sub-assemblies are currently available from only a limited number of suppliers for which we regularly investigate and identify alternative sources where possible. We also believe these conditions affect our competitors. Remaining Performance Obligations and Backlog Remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price of firm orders for which work has not been performed, excluding unexercised contract options. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, total remaining performance obligations were $5,204.2 and $4,754.9, respectively. Backlog is equal to our remaining performance obligations expected to be recognized as revenue within the next 12 months. Backlog was $3,424.6 at December 31, 2025 and $3,105.4 at December 31, 2024. Distribution and Sales Distribution and sales occur primarily through direct sales offices, manufacturers representatives, resellers, and distributors. Governmental Regulations We face extensive government regulation around the world relating to the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, and distribution of our software, services, and products. The following sections describe certain significant regulations to which we are subject, but these are not the only regulations with which our businesses must comply. For a description of risks related to the regulations that our businesses are subject to, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Privacy and Data Security We are subject to privacy and data security laws around the world that may impose operational burdens on our businesses. In 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) became effective in the European Union ( EU ) and the United Kingdom ( UK ) and imposed restrictions on how companies use, process, and protect personal information. Additionally, repeated legal challenges to the way regulators implemented GDPR provisions relating to international data transfers have created additional operational burdens and legal risks for companies when transferring personal data back and forth from the EU to many other countries, most notably the U.S. and India. In the U.S., a growing number of states have individually passed comprehensive privacy legislation, which imposes restrictions similar (but not identical) to GDPR on companies conducting business or serving customers in those states. For example, in 2020 the California Consumer Privacy Act ( CCPA ) became effective and required companies to make disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use, and sharing practices; allowed consumers to exercise control over the use and sharing of their personal data; and provided a limited private right of action for data breaches. Changes to the CCPA which became effective in 2023 have added to the processing restrictions and notifications requirements particularly when companies engage in online advertising. Canada (Quebec) has also significantly updated its privacy laws. The compliance and other burdens on our businesses imposed by these privacy laws and regulations may be substantial as we work to comply with differing legal and implementation requirements across multiple jurisdictions. Healthcare Regulations The manufacture, sale, lease, and service of medical diagnostic and surgical devices intended for commercial use are subject to extensive governmental regulation by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) in the U.S. and by a variety of regulatory agencies in other countries for some of our businesses. Under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, known as the FD C Act, manufacturers of medical products and devices must comply with certain regulations governing the design, testing, manufacturing, packaging, servicing, and marketing of medical products. FDA product approvals may be withdrawn or suspended if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or if problems occur following initial marketing. We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, and foreign laws which broadly relate to our interactions with healthcare practitioners and other participants in the healthcare system, including, among others, anti-kickback law, and laws regulating the confidentiality of sensitive personal information and the circumstances under which such information may be released and/or collected, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH Act, and the GDPR. 7 Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws and Regulations We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and anti-corruption laws, and similar laws in foreign countries, such as the UK Bribery Act. Any violation of these laws by us or our agents or distributors could create substantial liability for us, subject our officers and directors to personal liability, and cause a loss of reputation in the market. Increased business in higher risk countries could subject us and our officers and directors to increased scrutiny and increased liability. In addition, becoming familiar with and implementing the infrastructure necessary to comply with laws, rules, and regulations applicable to new business activities and mitigating and protecting against corruption risks could be quite costly. Export Controls and Trade Policies We are subject to numerous domestic and foreign regulations relating to our operations worldwide. In particular, our sales activities must comply with restrictions relating to the export of controlled technology and sales to denied or sanctioned parties contained in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), and sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC). Our businesses may also be impacted by additional domestic or foreign trade regulations, including trade restrictions, trade agreements, tariffs (including new, expanded, or retaliatory tariffs), and sanctions. Environmental Regulations Our operations and properties are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including those governing air emissions, water discharges, waste management, and workplace safety. We use, generate, and dispose of hazardous substances and waste in our operations and could be subject to material liabilities relating to the investigation and clean-up of contaminated properties and related claims. We are required to conform our operations and properties to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in all countries as these requirements change. In connection with our acquisitions, we may assume significant environmental liabilities, some of which we may not be aware of, or may not be quantifiable, at the time of acquisition. In addition, new laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination, or the imposition of new requirements could increase our costs or subject us to new or increased liabilities. Customers During 2025, no customer accounted for 10% or more of any segment or total Company net revenues. Competition Generally, our products and solutions face significant competition, although in certain niche markets there are a limited number of competitors. We believe that we are a leader in most of our markets, and no single company competes with us over a significant number of product lines. Competitors might be large or small in size, often depending on the size of the niche market we serve. We compete primarily on product quality, performance, innovation, technology, price, applications expertise, system and service flexibility, distribution channel access, and customer service capabilities. Intellectual Property In addition to trade secrets, including unpatented know-how and other intellectual property like software source code, we own or license the rights under numerous patents, trademarks, trade dress, and copyrights relating to certain of our products and businesses. We also employ various methods, including confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with individuals and companies we do business with, including employees, distributors, representatives, independent contractors, and customers to protect our intellectual property. We believe none of our operating units are substantially dependent on any single item of intellectual property, including a trade secret, patent, trademark, trade dress, or copyright. Human Capital Management Roper is a diversified technology company that utilizes a decentralized operating model across our many businesses which serve a diverse set of end markets. Subject to oversight and guidance from Roper executive management, each business operates as an individual unit with its managers empowered to make day-to-day operating decisions, including decisions with respect to human capital management. As a result, apart from guidance with respect to: (i) compliance with legal and regulatory requirements or corporate policies; and (ii) the implementation of business unit leadership compensation and benefit programs provided by corporate management, managers at individual businesses are the primary decision makers with respect to human capital management and development. Though our individual businesses are primarily responsible for these decisions, because 8 of the importance of human capital to our enterprise, we provide guidance and share best practices on key aspects of selection, development, engagement, and excellence of talent within our workforce. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 19,400 people worldwide on a consolidated basis, of which approximately 13,100 were employed in the U.S. and approximately 6,300 were employed outside of the U.S. Management believes that the Company s employee relations are favorable. Outside of the U.S., some employees, particularly in Europe, may be represented by an employee representative organization, such as a union, works council, or employee association. Roper has identified and implemented other human capital priorities, including providing competitive wages and benefits, investing in leadership development, succession planning, performance-based compensation structures that directly align with the Company s long-term value creation strategy, and promoting a holistic work environment where a breadth of perspectives is valued. The Company is committed to seeking talent from a wide range of backgrounds and fostering an inclusive work environment that supports our large global workforce and helps us innovate for our customers. We continue to focus on building a pipeline for talent that creates more opportunities for growth within the Company. Roper s human capital strategy centers on accountability, operating autonomy, and a culture of continuous improvement across its business units. Available Information All reports we file electronically with the SEC, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and our annual proxy statements, as well as any amendments to those reports, are accessible at no cost on our website at www.ropertech.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. These filings are also accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines; the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Governance Committee; and our Code of Ethics (the Code of Ethics ) are also available on our website. Any amendment to the Code of Ethics and any waiver applicable to our directors, executive officers, or senior financial officers will be posted on our website within the time period required by the SEC and Nasdaq. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report or any other filing made by Roper with the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business Operations Our growth strategy includes acquisitions. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions, or integrate acquisitions successfully. Our future rate of growth is highly dependent on our ability to acquire and successfully integrate new businesses. We intend to seek additional acquisition opportunities, both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing markets. There are no assurances, however, that we will be able to successfully identify suitable candidates, negotiate appropriate terms, obtain financing on acceptable terms, complete proposed acquisitions, receive the necessary regulatory approvals (including clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act in the U.S. and similar antitrust regulations in foreign countries), successfully integrate acquired businesses, or expand into new markets. Once acquired, operations may not achieve anticipated levels of revenues, profitability, or cash flows. Acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services, and products of the acquired companies and the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular transaction, including but not limited to cybersecurity risks and susceptibility to market disruption from AI or otherwise, there are no assurances that we will properly ascertain all such risks. Acquisitions may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrences, equity issuances, and expenses. Difficulties encountered with acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 9 Our technology is important to our success, and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Many of our products and services rely on proprietary technology; therefore, we believe that the development and protection of intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, confidentiality agreements, and other contractual provisions are important to the future success of our business. Despite our efforts to protect proprietary rights, unauthorized parties or competitors may copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology, including through misappropriation through contractors or other third parties. Actions to enforce these rights may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, and we make no assurances that any such actions will be successful, particularly given evolving uncertainty regarding protection and ownership of AI-assisted outputs. We rely on information and technology, including third-party cloud computing platforms and other third-party business partners, for many of our business operations which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process, and store information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with clients, suppliers, and business partners. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage, or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. Our compliance, cybersecurity and data privacy programs, cybersecurity technology, and risk management cannot eliminate all system risk. Credential compromise and identity-based attacks represent risks, and while we deploy identity threat protection and multi-factor authentication across our enterprise systems, determined attackers may still gain unauthorized access through sophisticated credential theft, session hijacking, social engineering, or privilege escalation techniques. Cybersecurity incidents including ransomware attacks, insider threats, system disruptions, and configuration errors could result in the misappropriation or corruption of data and assets, or disruptions to our business strategy, results of operations, and financial condition, and may require notification to customers and regulators with associated investigation, remediation, and monitoring obligations. These disruptions may include, but are not limited to, interruptions to business operations, loss of intellectual property, release of confidential information, alteration or corruption of data or systems, costs related to remediation or the payment of ransom, litigation (including individual claims, consumer class actions, or commercial litigation), administrative, civil, or criminal investigations or actions, regulatory intervention and sanctions or fines, investigation and remediation costs, and prolonged negative publicity. While we have experienced disruptions, and our Vertafore business was previously subject to litigation regarding the exposure of data which was dismissed, none of these matters had a significant impact on our business. We rely on business partners such as third-party data centers and cloud platforms, such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, and Oracle Cloud to host certain enterprise and customer systems. Our software development and business operations rely on open-source components, third-party software libraries, and vendor dependencies that could contain undisclosed vulnerabilities, be subject to supply chain attacks, or become unavailable, potentially affecting our products, hosted services, and internal systems. Our ability to monitor such third parties security measures and the full impact of the systemic risk is limited, and concentration with a limited number of providers increases exposure to outages and pricing changes. If any third-party system or cloud platform that we use is unavailable to us for any reason, our customers may experience service interruptions, which could significantly impact our operations, reputation, business, and financial results. Failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers, may result in interruptions in our service and loss of data or processing capabilities, all of which may cause a loss in customers, refunds of product fees, and/or material harm to our reputation and operating results. While certain of our businesses have experienced temporary disruptions, their impact has been limited and did not have a significant impact on our businesses. Global cybersecurity threats are rapidly evolving and attacks to identities, networks, platforms, systems, and endpoints can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company, its businesses, its customers, and/or its third-party service providers, including, but not lim