=== ADP_2025-08-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors , and in other written or oral statements made from time to time by ADP, should be considered in evaluating any forward-looking statements contained herein. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES In addition to our U.S. GAAP results, we use adjusted results and other non-GAAP metrics to evaluate our operating performance in the absence of certain items and for planning and forecasting of future periods. Adjusted EBIT, adjusted EBIT margin, adjusted net earnings, adjusted diluted earnings per share, adjusted effective tax rate and organic constant currency are all non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the accompanying financial tables in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for a discussion of why ADP believes these measures are important and for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to their nearest comparable GAAP financial measures. EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW As a global leader in HR and payroll solutions, ADP continuously aims to solve complex business challenges for our clients and their workers. Our Human Capital Management ("HCM") solutions, which include both software and outsourcing services, are designed to help our clients manage their workforce through a dynamic business and regulatory landscape and the changing world of work. We see tremendous opportunity ahead as we focus on our three key Strategic Priorities: Leading with Best-in-Class HCM technology, Providing Unmatched Expertise and Outsourcing Solutions, and Leveraging our Global Scale for the Benefit of our Clients. During fiscal 2025, we continued to make meaningful progress on our Strategic Priorities. We launched ADP Lyric HCM, an all-in-one solution designed to address workplace challenges with personalized experiences that meet client needs. We acquired WorkForce Software, a premier workforce management solutions provider, and began to integrate it into our global HCM ecosystem to better serve large, global enterprises. We enhanced our distribution network by launching an integrated payroll solution for small businesses. We augmented our global payroll capabilities by continuing to expand our offerings in markets with exciting growth opportunities like Japan and Saudi Arabia, and by acquiring payroll businesses like PEI (Procesamiento Externo de Informacion, S.C.) in Mexico. Lastly, we continued deploying AI tools in our products and across our sales, service, and research and development functions to improve the client experience and drive internal productivity gains. Highlights from the year ended June 30, 2025 include: Revenue growth of 7% to $20,560.9 million; 7% growth on an organic constant currency Earnings before income taxes margin expansion of 50 bps, and adjusted EBIT margin expansion of 50 bps Diluted and adjusted diluted earnings per share ("EPS") growth of 10% and 9%, respectively, to $9.98 and $10.01, respectively Cash returned via shareholder friendly actions of $3.7B, including $2.4B of dividends and $1.3B of share repurchases For fiscal 2025, we delivered strong revenue growth of 7% both on a reported and organic constant currency basis. Our pays per control metric, which represents the number of employees on ADP clients' payrolls in the United States when measured on a same-store-sales basis for a subset of clients ranging from small to large businesses, grew 1% for the year ended June 30, 2025 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2024. PEO average worksite employees increased 3% for the year ended June 30, 2025, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2024. Additionally, our ES new business bookings grew 3% in fiscal 2025, and ES client revenue retention was 92.1%. Our strong retention stems in part from our company-wide client satisfaction scores reaching new record highs for the year. These impressive client satisfaction results were broad-based and are a testament to the product investments we are making to improve the client experience. We have a strong business model, generating significant cash flows with low capital intensity, and offer a suite of products that provide critical support to our clients HCM functions. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and our modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our long term strategy and commitments to shareholder friendly actions. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2025 and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. 29 RESULTS AND ANALYSIS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS Total Revenues For the year ended June 30, respectively: Years Ended June 30, 2025 2024 Total Revenues $ 20,560.9 $ 19,202.6 YoY Growth 7 % 7 % YoY Growth, Organic Constant Currency 7 % 6 % Revenues increased in fiscal 2025 due to new business started from new business bookings, strong client retention, an increase in zero-margin benefits pass-throughs, an increase in pricing, an increase in interest on funds held for clients, and the impact from the WorkForce Software acquisition. Refer to Analysis of Reportable Segments for additional discussion of the changes in revenue for each of our reportable segments, Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization ( PEO ) Services. Total revenues for fiscal 2025 include interest on funds held for clients of $1,189.1 million, as compared to $1,024.7 million in fiscal 2024. The increase in interest earned on funds held for clients resulted from an increase in our average interest rate earned to 3.2% in fiscal 2025, as compared to 2.9% in fiscal 2024, coupled with an increase in our average client funds balances of 6.4% to $37.6 billion in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024. Total Expenses Years Ended June 30, 2025 2024 % Change Costs of revenues: Operating expenses $ 9,622.7 $ 9,050.1 6 % Research and development 988.6 955.7 3 % Depreciation and amortization 486.0 470.9 3 % Total costs of revenues 11,097.3 10,476.7 6 % Selling, general and administrative expenses 4,051.7 3,778.9 7 % Interest expense 455.9 361.4 26 % Total expenses $ 15,604.9 $ 14,617.0 7 % For the year ended June 30: Operating expenses increased in fiscal 2025 due to an increase of $313.1 million of PEO Services zero-margin benefits pass-through costs to $4,289.0 million in fiscal 2025 from $3,975.9 million in fiscal 2024. Additionally, operating expenses increased by $137.3 million due to higher service and implementation costs in support of our growing revenue and by $67.8 million due to an increase in costs related to workers' compensation coverage and state unemployment taxes for worksite employees. Research and development expenses increased in fiscal 2025 due to increased costs to develop, support, and maintain our new and existing products and the WorkForce Software acquisition. Depreciation and amortization increased in fiscal 2025 due to the WorkForce Software acquisition, amortization of investments in internally developed software primarily for our next-gen products, and amortization of purchased software, partially offset by lower amortization of customer contracts and lists. 30 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in fiscal 2025 primarily due to increases in selling and marketing expenses of $184.4 million as a result of investments in our sales organization and an increase from acquisition related costs. Interest expense increased in fiscal 2025 primarily due to an increase of $51.1 million related to commercial paper and reverse repurchase borrowings as a result of increases in average daily commercial paper borrowings of $0.6 billion, and average reverse repurchase outstanding balances of $1.1 billion, as compared to fiscal 2024 , offset by decreases in average interest rates on commercial paper issuances and reverse repurchases of 50 basis points and 70 basis points, respectively, as compared to fiscal 2024. Additionally, interest expense increased by $37.9 million related to the issuance of $1.0 billion of senior notes during the first quarter ended September 30, 2024. Other (Income)/Expense, net Years ended June 30, 2025 2024 $ Change Interest income on corporate funds $ (319.5) $ (241.3) $ 78.2 Realized losses on available-for-sale securities, net 1.7 5.9 4.2 Gain on sale of assets (5.0) (17.1) (12.1) Non-service components of pension income, net (31.3) (34.2) (2.9) Other income, net $ (354.1) $ (286.7) $ 67.4 Interest income on corporate funds increased in fiscal 2025 due to higher average investment balances of $9.2 billion as compared to $7.4 billion in fiscal 2024, coupled with an increase in average interest rates of 20 basis points, as compared to fiscal 2024. See Note 11 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on non-service components of pension income, net. In fiscal 2025, the gain on sale of assets of $5.0 million related to sales of buildings. Earnings Before Income Taxes ("EBIT") and Adjusted EBIT For the year ended June 30, respectively: Years Ended June 30, 2025 2024 YoY Growth EBIT $ 5,310.1 $ 4,872.3 9 % EBIT Margin 25.8 % 25.4 % 50 bps Adjusted EBIT $ 5,347.1 $ 4,890.1 9 % Adjusted EBIT Margin 26.0 % 25.5 % 50 bps Note: Numbers may not foot due to rounding. Earnings before income taxes increased in fiscal 2025 due to the increases in total revenues, partially offset by the increases in total expenses discussed above. EBIT Margin increased in fiscal 2025 due to contributions from client funds interest revenues, discussed above, and operating efficiencies for costs of servicing and implementing our clients on growing revenue, partially offset by increased interest expense and acquisition related expenses. Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin exclude interest income and interest expense that are not related to our client funds extended investment strategy, and net charges, including certain legal matters, gain on sale of assets, and broad-based optimization initiatives, in the applicable periods. 31 Provision for Income Taxes The effective tax rate in fiscal 2025 and 2024 was 23.2% and 23.0%, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to higher reserves for uncertain tax positions in fiscal 2025 and a valuation allowance release in fiscal 2024 offset by an increase in the excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation in fiscal 2025. Refer to Note 12, Income Taxes, within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Adjusted Provision for Income Taxes The adjusted effective tax rate in fiscal 2025 and 2024 was 23.2% and 23.0%, respectively. The drivers of the adjusted effective tax rate are the same as the drivers of the effective tax rate discussed above. Net Earnings and Diluted EPS, Unadjusted and Adjusted For the year ended June 30, respectively: Years Ended June 30, 2025 2024 YoY Growth Net earnings $ 4,079.7 $ 3,752.0 9 % Diluted EPS $ 9.98 $ 9.10 10 % Adjusted net earnings $ 4,092.0 $ 3,784.5 8 % Adjusted diluted EPS $ 10.01 $ 9.18 9 % For fiscal 2025, in addition to the increase in net earnings, diluted EPS increased as a result of the impact of fewer shares outstanding resulting from the repurchase of approximately 4.4 million shares during fiscal 2025 and 5.1 million shares during fiscal 2024, partially offset by the issuances of shares under our employee benefit plans. For fiscal 2025, adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS reflect the changes in components described above. 32 ANALYSIS OF REPORTABLE SEGMENTS Revenues Years Ended June 30, % Change 2025 2024 As Reported Organic Constant Currency Employer Services $ 13,883.1 $ 12,980.8 7 % 6 % PEO Services 6,690.4 6,233.6 7 % 7 % Other (12.6) (11.8) n/m n/m $ 20,560.9 $ 19,202.6 7 % 7 % Earnings before Income Taxes Years Ended June 30, % Change 2025 2024 As Reported Employer Services $ 5,008.5 $ 4,555.5 10 % PEO Services 950.5 921.5 3 % Other (648.9) (604.7) n/m $ 5,310.1 $ 4,872.3 9 % Margin Years Ended June 30, 2025 2024 YoY Growth Employer Services 36.1 % 35.1 % 100 bps PEO Services 14.2 % 14.8 % (60) bps n/m - not meaningful Employer Services Revenues Employer Services' revenues increased in fiscal 2025 due to new business started from new business bookings, strong client retention, an increase in pricing, an increase in interest earned on funds held for clients, the impact from the WorkForce Software acquisition, and an increase in the volume of our pays per control of 1%, as compared to fiscal 2024. Earnings before Income Taxes Employer Services' earnings before income taxes increased in fiscal 2025 due to increased revenues, including contributions from client funds interest, discussed above, and operating efficiencies for costs of servicing and implementing our clients on growing revenue, partially offset by increased selling and marketing expenses and the impact from the WorkForce Software acquisition. Margin Employer Services' margin increased in fiscal 2025 due to contributions from operating efficiencies for costs of servicing and implementing our clients on growing revenue, and client funds interest revenues discussed above, partially offset by acquisition related expenses. 33 PEO Services Revenues PEO Revenues Years Ended Change June 30, 2025 2024 $ % PEO Services' revenues $ 6,690.4 $ 6,233.6 $ 456.8 7 % Less: PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs 4,289.0 3,975.9 313.1 8 % PEO Services' revenues excluding zero-margin benefits pass-throughs $ 2,401.4 $ 2,257.7 $ 143.7 6 % PEO Services' revenues increased in fiscal 2025 due to the increase in zero-margin benefits pass-throughs, and an increase in average worksite employees of 3%, as compared to fiscal 2024. Earnings before Income Taxes PEO Services earnings before income taxes increased in fiscal 2025 due to increased revenues discussed above, partially offset by increases in operating costs related to workers' compensation and state unemployment insurance, zero-margin benefits pass-through costs, and selling and marketing expenses. Margin PEO Services' margin decreased in fiscal 2025 due to increases in zero-margin benefits pass-through costs, operating costs related to workers' compensation and state unemployment insurance, and selling and marketing expenses, partially offset by an increase in the pre-tax benefit from ADP Indemnity. ADP Indemnity provides workers compensation and employer's liability deductible reimbursement insurance protection for PEO Services worksite employees up to $1 million per occurrence. PEO Services has secured a workers compensation and employer s liability insurance policy that caps the exposure for each claim at $1 million per occurrence and has also secured aggregate stop loss insurance that caps aggregate losses at a certain level in fiscal years 2012 and prior from an admitted and licensed insurance company of AIG. We utilize historical loss experience and actuarial judgment to determine the estimated claim liability, and changes in estimated ultimate incurred losses are included in the PEO segment. Additionally, starting in fiscal year 2013, ADP Indemnity paid premiums to enter into reinsurance arrangements with ACE American Insurance Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chubb Limited ( Chubb ), to cover substantially all losses incurred by the Company up to the $1 million per occurrence related to the workers compensation and employer's liability deductible reimbursement insurance protection for PEO Services' worksite employees. Each of these reinsurance arrangements limits our overall exposure incurred up to a certain limit. The Company believes the likelihood of ultimate losses exceeding this limit is remote. During fiscal 2025, ADP Indemnity paid a premium of $276 million to enter into a reinsurance arrangement with Chubb to cover substantially all losses incurred by ADP Indemnity for the fiscal 2025 policy year up to $1 million per occurrence. ADP Indemnity recorded a pre-tax benefit of approximately $10 million in fiscal 2025 and a pre-tax benefit of approximately $3 million in fiscal 2024, which were primarily the results of more favorable actuarial loss development in workers compensation reserves. ADP Indemnity paid a premium of $278 million in July 2025, to enter into a reinsurance agreement with Chubb to cover substantially all losses incurred by ADP Indemnity for fiscal 2026 policy year on terms substantially similar to the fiscal 2025 reinsurance policy. Other The primary components of Other are certain corporate overhead charges and expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, including corporate functions, severance costs, non-recurring gains and losses, the elimination of intercompany transactions, and all other interest income and expense. 34 Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to our GAAP results, we use the adjusted results and other non-GAAP metrics set forth in the table below to evaluate our operating performance in the absence of certain items and for planning and forecasting of future periods: Adjusted Financial Measures U.S. GAAP Measures Adjusted EBIT Net earnings Adjusted provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Adjusted net earnings Net earnings Adjusted diluted earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Adjusted effective tax rate Effective tax rate Organic constant currency Revenues We believe that the exclusion of the identified items helps us reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business model and analyze results against our expectations and against prior periods, and to plan for future periods by focusing on our underlying operations. We believe that the adjusted results provide relevant and useful information for investors because it allows investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by management and improves their ability to understand and assess our operating performance. The nature of these exclusions is for specific items that are not fundamental to our underlying business operations. Since these adjusted financial measures and other non-GAAP metrics are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, they should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or superior to their corresponding U.S. GAAP measures, and they may not be comparable to similarly titled measures at other companies. 35 Years Ended June 30, % Change 2025 2024 As Reported Net earnings $ 4,079.7 $ 3,752.0 9 % Adjustments: Provision for income taxes 1,230.4 1,120.3 All other interest expense (a) 114.8 71.4 All other interest income (a) (94.2) (97.0) Gain on sale of assets (2.6) Transformation initiatives (b) 0.1 5.4 Legal settlements (c) (0.4) (4.0) Optimization initiatives (d) 19.3 42.0 Adjusted EBIT $ 5,347.1 $ 4,890.1 9 % Adjusted EBIT Margin 26.0 % 25.5 % Provision for income taxes $ 1,230.4 $ 1,120.3 10 % Adjustments: Gain on sale of assets (e) (0.6) Transformation initiatives (e) 1.3 Legal settlements (e) (0.1) (0.9) Optimization initiatives (e) 4.8 10.5 Adjusted provision for income taxes $ 1,234.5 $ 1,131.2 9 % Adjusted effective tax rate (f) 23.2 % 23.0 % Net earnings $ 4,079.7 $ 3,752.0 9 % Adjustments: Gain on sale of assets (2.6) Income tax provision on gain on sale of assets (e) 0.6 Transformation initiatives (b) 0.1 5.4 Income tax benefit for transformation initiatives (e) (1.3) Legal settlements (c) (0.4) (4.0) Income tax provision for legal settlements (e) 0.1 0.9 Optimization initiatives (d) 19.3 42.0 Income tax benefit for optimization initiatives (e) (4.8) (10.5) Adjusted net earnings $ 4,092.0 $ 3,784.5 8 % Diluted EPS $ 9.98 $ 9.10 10 % Adjustments: Transformation initiatives (b) (e) 0.01 Legal settlements (c) (e) (0.01) Optimization initiatives (d) (e) 0.03 0.08 Adjusted diluted EPS $ 10.01 $ 9.18 9 % (a) In adjusted EBIT, we include the interest income earned on investments associated with our client funds extended investment strategy and interest expense on borrowings related to our client funds extended investment strategy as we believe these amounts to be fundamental to the underlying operations of our business model. The adjustments in the table above represent the interest income and interest expense that are not related to our client funds extended investment strategy and are labeled as All other interest expense and All other interest income. (b) The charges in fiscal 2024 include consulting costs relating to our company-wide transformation initiatives. (c) In fiscal 2024, this represents reserve reversal of a legal matter from fiscal 2023. 36 (d) In fiscal 2025, there were $23.9 million of severance charges related to broad-based, company-wide initiatives, including efforts to align resources with respect to our new global HCM products, offset by a $4.6 million partial reversal of the workforce optimization initiative from fiscal 2024. Severance charges have been taken in the past and not included as an adjustment to get to adjusted results. Unlike severance charges in prior periods, these specific charges relate to broad-based, company-wide initiatives. (e) The income tax (benefit)/provision was calculated based on the marginal rate in effect for the year ended June 30, 2025. (f) The adjusted effective tax rate is calculated as our adjusted provision for income taxes divided by the sum of our adjusted net earnings plus our adjusted provision for income taxes. The following table reconciles our reported growth rates to the non-GAAP measure of organic constant currency, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the impact of dispositions, and the impact of foreign currency. The impact of acquisitions and dispositions is calculated by excluding the current year revenues of acquisitions until the one-year anniversary of the transaction and by excluding the prior year revenues of divestitures for the one-year period preceding the transaction. The impact of foreign currency is determined by calculating the current year results using foreign exchange rates consistent with the prior year. The PEO segment is not impacted by acquisitions, dispositions or foreign currency. Year Ended June 30, 2025 Consolidated revenue growth as reported 7 % Adjustments: Impact of acquisitions (1) % Impact of foreign currency % Consolidated revenue growth, organic constant currency 7 % Employer Services revenue growth as reported 7 % Adjustments: Impact of acquisitions (1) % Impact of foreign currency % Employer Services revenue growth, organic constant currency 6 % Note: Numbers may not foot due to rounding. FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES As of June 30, 2025, cash and cash equivalent s were $3.3 billion, which were primarily invested in time deposits and money market funds. For corporate liquidity, we expect existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash flow from operations together with our $10.6 billion of committed credit facilities and our ability to access both long-term and short-term debt financing from the capital markets will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing activities, such as regular quarterly dividends, share repurchases, and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2025 and we have sufficient liquidity. For client funds liquidity, we have the ability to borrow through our financing arrangements under our U.S. short-term commercial paper program and our U.S., Canadian and United Kingdom short-term reverse repurchase agreements ($7.5 billion of which is available on a committed basis in the U.S. as of June 30, 2025) , together with our $10.6 billion of comm itted credit facilities and our ability to use corporate liquidity when necessary to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. Please see Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for a further discussion of the risks related to our client funds extended investment strategy. See Note 9 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our short-term financing including commercial paper. 37 Operating, Investing and Financing Cash Flows Our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities, as reflected in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows are summarized as follows: Years ended June 30, 2025 2024 $ Change Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities $ 4,939.7 $ 4,157.6 $ 782.1 Investing activities (3,035.0) (1,389.0) (1,646.0) Financing activities (6,973.4) (1,431.7) (5,541.7) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents 37.3 (22.4) 59.7 Net change in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents $ (5,031.4) $ 1,314.5 $ (6,345.9) Net cash flows provided by operating activities increased due to growth in our business, and net favorable changes in the components of operating assets and liabilities, as compared to fiscal 2024. Net cash flows used in investing activities changed due to the acquisition of WorkForce Software with a net cash disbursement of $1,158.3 million and timing of the net proceeds and purchases of corporate and client funds marketable securities of $523.0 million. Net cash flows used in financing activities changed due to a net decrease in the cash flow from client funds obligations of $9,288.1 million, which is due to the timing of impounds from our clients and payments to our clients' employees and other payees, a net increase in cash distributed to our clients that was received from the Internal Revenue Service, and a net increase in payments related to reverse repurchase agreements, partially offset by net proceeds from the issuance and redemption of debt. We purchased approximately 4.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price per share of $289.11 during fiscal 2025, as compared to purchases of 5.1 million shares at an average price per share of $244.04 during fiscal 2024. From time to time, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock under its authorized share repurchase program. The Company considers several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, actual and potential acquisition activity, cash balances and cash flows, issuances due to employee benefit plan activity, and market conditions. Capital Resources and Client Fund Obligations We have $4.0 billion of senior unsecured no tes with maturity dates in 2028, 2030, 2032, and 2034. We may from time to time revisit the long-term debt market to refinance existing debt, finance investments including acquisitions for our growth, and maintain the appropriate capital structure. However, there can be no assurance that volatility in the global capital and credit markets would not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all. See Note 10 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our senior unsecured notes. Our U.S. short-term funding requirements related to client funds are sometimes obtained on an unsecured basis through the issuance of commercial paper, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. This commercial paper program provides for the issuance of up to $10.6 billion in aggregate maturity value. Our commercial paper program is rated A-1+ by Standard and Poor s, Prime-1 ( P-1 ) by Moody s and F1+ by Fitch. These ratings denote the highest quality commercial paper securities. Maturities of commercial paper can range from overnight to up to 364 days. As of June 30, 2025, the Company had $4.8 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which was 38 repaid in early July 2025. A s of June 30, 2024, the Company had no co mmercial paper borrowing outstanding. Details of the borrowings under the commercial paper program are as follows: Years ended June 30, 2025 2024 Average daily borrowings (in billions) $ 4.1 $ 3.5 Weighted average interest rates 4.8 % 5.3 % Weighted average maturity (approximately in days) 2 days 2 days Our U.S., Canadian, and United Kingdom short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations are sometimes obtained on a secured basis through the use of reverse repurchase agreements, which are collateralized principally by government and government agency securities, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. These agreements generally have terms ranging from overnight to up to five business days. We have successfully borrowed through the use of reverse repurchase agreements on an as-needed basis to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. As of June 30, 2025, we had $7.5 billion available to us on a committed basis under the U.S. reverse repurchase agreements. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, there were $38.4 million and $385.4 million, respectively, of outstanding obligations related to the reverse repurchase agreements. Details of the reverse repurchase agreements are as follows: Years ended June 30, 2025 2024 Average outstanding balances (in billions) $ 2.9 $ 1.8 Weighted average interest rates 4.8 % 5.5 % We vary the maturities of our committed credit facilities to limit the refinancing risk of any one facility. We have a $4.6 billion, 364-day credit agreement that matures in June 2026 with a one-year term-out option. In addition, we have a five-year $3.5 billion credit facility and a five-year $2.5 billion credit facility maturing in June 2029 and June 2030, respectively, each with an accordion feature under which the aggregate commitment can be increased by $500 million, subject to the availability of additional commitments. The primary uses of the credit facilities are to provide liquidity to the commercial paper program and funding for general corporate purposes, if necessary. We had no borrowings through June 30, 2025 under the credit facilities. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the revolving credit agreements to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the $10.6 billion available to us under the revolving credit agreements. See Note 9 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our short-term financing including credit facilities. Our investment portfolio does not contain any asset-backed securities with underlying collateral of sub-prime mortgages, alternative-A mortgages, sub-prime auto loans or sub-prime home equity loans, collateralized debt obligations, collateralized loan obligations, credit default swaps, derivatives, auction rate securities, structured investment vehicles or non-investment grade fixed-income securities. We own AAA-rated senior tranches of primarily fixed rate auto loan, credit card, and device payment plan agreement receivables, secured predominantly by prime collateral. All collateral on asset-backed securities is performing as expected through June 30, 2025. In addition, we own U.S. government securities which primarily include debt directly issued by Federal Farm Credit Banks and Federal Home Loan Banks. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years (in the case of the extended portfolio) and out to ten years (in the case of the long portfolio). This investment strategy is supported by our short-term financing arrangements necessary to satisfy short-term funding requirements relating to client funds obligations. See Note 5 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our corporate investments and funds held for clients. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2025 were $176.8 million, as compared to $211.7 million in fiscal 2024. We expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2026 to be between $225.0 million and $250.0 million. Contractual Obligations Our contractual obligations at June 30, 2025 relate primarily to operating leases (Note 7) and other arrangements recorded in our balance sheet or disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, including benefit plan obligations (Note 11), liabilities for uncertain tax positions (Note 12), purchase obligations (Note 13), debt obligations (Note 10) and $875.0 million of interest payments on our debt, of which $121.5 million is expected to be paid within one year. In addition to the obligations described above, we had obligations for the remittance of funds relating to our payroll and payroll tax filing services. As of June 30, 2025, the obligations relating to these matters, which are expected to be paid in fiscal 2026, 39 total $31,343.3 million, and were recorded in client funds obligations on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We had $30,985.7 million of cas h and cash e quivalents and marketable securities to satisfy such obligations recorded in funds held for clients on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2025. Separately, ADP Indemnity paid a p remium of $278.0 million in July 2025 to enter into a reinsurance agreement with Chubb to cover substantially all losses incurred by ADP Indemnity for the fiscal 2026 policy year. As of June 30, 2025, ADP Indemnity had total assets of $725.4 million to satisfy the actuarially estimated unpaid losses of $665.7 million for the policy years since July 1, 2003. ADP Indemnity paid claims of $6.3 million and $1.1 million, net of insurance recoveries, in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. Refer to the Analysis of Reportable Segments - PEO Services above for additional information regarding ADP Indemnity. In the normal course of business, we also enter into contracts in which we make representations and warranties that relate to the performance of our services and products. We do not expect any material losses related to such representations and warranties. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Our overall investment portfolio is comprised of corporate investments (cash and cash equivalents, and marketable securities) and client funds assets (funds that have been collected from clients but have not yet been remitted to the applicable tax authorities, client employees or other payees). Our corporate investments are invested in cash and cash equivalents and highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities. These assets are available for our regular quarterly dividends, share repurchases, capital expenditures and/or acquisitions, as well as other corporate operating purposes. All of our fixed-income securities are classified as available-for-sale securities. Our client funds assets are invested with safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification as the primary objectives. Consistent with those objectives, we also seek to maximize interest income and to minimize the volatility of interest income. Client funds assets are invested in highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities, with a maximum maturity of 10 years at the time of purchase, and money market securities and other cash equivalents. We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years (in the case of the extended portfolio) and out to ten years (in the case of the long portfolio). As part of our client funds investment strategy, we use the daily collection of funds from our clients to satisfy other unrelated client funds obligations, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. In circumstances where we experience a reduction in employment levels due to a slowdown in the economy, we may make tactical decisions to sell certain securities or not reinvest maturing securities in order to reduce the size of the funds held for clients to correspond to client funds obligations. We attempt to minimize the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such client s obligation becomes due by generally impounding the client's funds by the time we pay such client s obligation. When we don't impound client funds in advance of paying such client obligations, we are at risk of not recovering such funds or material delay in such recovery. Through our client funds investment strategy and client impounding processes, we have consistently maintained the required level of liquidity to satisfy all of our obligations. There are inherent risks and uncertainties involving our investment strategy relating to our client funds assets. Such risks include liquidity risk, including the risk associated with our ability to liquidate, if necessary, our available-for-sale securities in a timely manner in order to satisfy our client funds obligations. However, our investments are made with the safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification as the primary goals to minimize the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy all of our client funds obligations. We also believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances, available borrowings under o ur $10.6 billion commercial paper program (rated A-1+ by Standard and Poor s, P-1 by Moody s, and F1+ by Fitch, the highest possible short-term credit ratings), our ability to engage in reverse repurchase agreement transaction s ($7.5 billion of which is available on a committed basis in the U.S. as of June 30, 2025), and available borrowings under our $10.6 billion committe d credit facilities. The reduced availability of financing during periods of economic turmoil, even to borrowers with the highest credit ratings, may limit our ability to access short-term debt markets to meet the liquidity needs of our business. In addition to liquidity risk, our investments are subject to interest rate risk and credit risk, as discussed below. 40 We have established credit quality, maturity, and exposure limits for our investments. The minimum allowed credit rating at time of purchase for corporate, Canadian government agency and Canadian provincial bonds is BBB, for asset-backed securities is AAA, and for municipal bonds is A. The maximum maturity at time of purchase for BBB-rated securities is 5 years, and for single A rated, AA-rated and AAA-rated securities it is 10 years. Time deposits and commercial paper must be rated A-1 and/or P-1. Money market funds must be rated AAA/Aaa-mf. Details regarding our overall investment portfolio are as follows: Years ended June 30, 2025 2024 Average investment balances at cost: Corporate investments $ 9,246.6 $ 7,397.1 Funds held for clients 37,631.2 35,369.5 Total $ 46,877.8 $ 42,766.6 Average interest rates earned exclusive of realized losses/(gains) on: Corporate investments 3.5 % 3.3 % Funds held for clients 3.2 % 2.9 % Total 3.2 % 3.0 % Net realized losses on available-for-sale securities 1.7 5.9 As of June 30: Net unrealized pre-tax losses on available-for-sale securities $ (425.7) $ (1,515.8) Total available-for-sale securities at fair value $ 33,777.7 $ 31,207.5 We are exposed to interest rate risk in relation to securities that mature, as the proceeds from maturing securities are reinvested. Factors that influence the earnings impact of interest rate changes include, among others, the amount of invested funds and the overall portfolio mix between short-term and long-term investments. This mix varies during the fiscal year and is impacted by daily interest rate changes. The annualized interest rate earned on our entire portfolio increased from 3.0% in fiscal 2024 to 3.2% in fiscal 2025. A hy pothetical chan ge in both short-term interest rates (e.g., overnight interest rates or the federal funds rate) and intermediate-term interest rates of 25 basis points applied to the estimated average investment balances and any related short-term borrowings would result in approximately an $24 million impact to earnings before income taxes over the ensuing twelve-month period ending June 30, 2026. A hypothetical change in only short-term interest rates of 25 basis points applied to the estimated average short-term investment balances and any related short-term borrowings would result in approximately an $8 million impact to earnings before income taxes over the ensuing twelve-month period ending June 30, 2026. We are exposed to credit risk in connection with our available-for-sale securities through the possible inability of the borrowers to meet the terms of the securities. We limit credit risk by investing in investment-grade securities, primarily AAA-rated and AA- rated securities, as rated by Moody s, Standard Poor s, DBRS for Canadian dollar denominated securities, and Fitch for asset-backed and commercial-mortgage-backed securities. In addition, we limit amounts that can be invested in any security other than U.S. government and government agency, Canadian government, and United Kingdom government securities. We operate and transact business in various foreign jurisdictions and are therefore exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. We may use derivative financial instruments as risk management tools and not for trading purposes. RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See Note 1, Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements, of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 41 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and other comprehensive income. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. The estimates are based on historical experience and assumptions believed to be reasonable under current facts and circumstances. These estimates require levels of subjectivity and judgment, which could result in actual results differing from our estimates. The Company believes the following are its critical accounting estimates: Deferred Costs - Assets Recognized from the Costs to Obtain and Fulfill Contracts Description Incremental costs of obtaining a contract (e.g., sales commissions) and cost incurred to implement clients on our solutions (e.g., direct labor) that are expected to be recovered are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the client retention period, depending on the business unit. Judgments and Uncertainties The Company has estimated the amortization periods for deferred costs by using its historical client retention rates by business unit to estimate the pattern during which the service transfers. The expected client relationship period ranges from three to eight years. Sensitivity of Estimate to Change As the assumptions used to estimate the amortization period of the deferred costs could have a material impact on timing of recognition, we assess the amortization periods annually using historical retention rates. Actual retention rates were not materially different than those used in our calculation to determine the amortization period. We regularly review our deferred costs for impairment. There were no impairment losses incurred during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025, June 30, 2024, or June 30, 2023. Goodwill Description Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently when an event or circumstance indicates that goodwill might be impaired. Judgments and Uncertainties The Company s annual goodwill impairment assessment as of June 30, 2025 was performed for all reporting units using a quantitative approach by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. We estimated the fair value of each reporting unit using, as appropriate, the income approach, which is derived using the present value of future cash flows discounted at a risk-adjusted weighted-average cost of capital, and the market approach, which is based upon using market multiples of companies in similar lines of business. Significant assumptions used in determining the fair value of our reporting units include projected revenue growth rates, profitability projections, working capital assumptions, the weighted average cost of capital, the determination of appropriate market comparison companies, and terminal growth rates. Several of these assumptions including projected revenue growth rates and profitability projections are dependent on our ability to upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences. Sensitivity of Estimate to Change Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining the fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management including the weighted-average cost of capital, tax rates, market comparisons, and terminal growth rates. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units, it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value, it could result in material impairments of our goodwill. The assumptions used to assess impairment consider historical trends, macroeconomic conditions, and projections consistent with the Company s operating strategy. Changes in these estimates can have a significant impact on the assessment of fair value which could result in material impairment losses. 42 We completed our annual assessment of goodwill as of June 30, 2025 and determined that there was no impairment of goodwill. We performed a sensitivity analysis and determined that a one percentage point increase in the weighted-average cost of capital would not result in an impairment of goodwill for all reporting units and their fair values substantially exceeded their carrying values. Income Taxes Description Judgment is required in addressing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements or tax returns (e.g., realization of deferred tax assets, changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof). A change in the assessment of the outcomes of such matters could materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. Judgments and Uncertainties The Company computes its provision for income taxes based on the statutory tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Assumptions, judgment, and the use of estimates are required in determining if the more likely than not standard has been met when computing the provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax positions. Sensitivity of Estimate to Change While the Company considers all of its tax positions fully supportable, the Company is occasionally challenged by various tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. If certain pending tax matters settle within the next twelve months, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease for all open tax years and jurisdictions. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company's liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, which include interest and penalti es, were $163.0 million and $126.9 million, respectively. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The information called for by this item is provided under the caption Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk under Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 43 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Roseland, New Jersey Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the related statements of consolidated earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August 6, 2025 , expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Goodwill Employer Services Reportable Segment Refer to Notes 1 and 8 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company uses the discounted cash flow model to estimate fair value which requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenue and operating margin. In addition, the discounted cash flow model requires the Company to select an appropriate weighted average cost of capital based on current market conditions as of June 30, 2025. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. Forecasts of future revenue and operating margin from the Company s next-gen platform, for which there is limited historical data, contribute significantly to the estimate of fair value of a reporting unit within the Employer Services reportable segment with approximately $683 million of goodwill as of June 30, 2025. Given the limited historical data associated with the Company s next-gen platform, significant management judgment was required to forecast future revenue and operating margin to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. In turn, a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort were required when performing 44 audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital, including the involvement of our fair value specialists. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the forecasts of future revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital used by management to estimate the fair value contributed by the next-gen platform included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of the reporting unit within the Employer Services reportable segment, such as controls related to management s forecasts of future revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital. With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation models, methodology, and significant assumptions used by the Company, specifically the weighted average cost of capital including: Testing the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculation of the weighted average cost of capital. Developing a range of independent estimates and compared to the weighted average cost of capital selected by management. We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenue and operating margin by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. Due to the limited historical data for the next-gen platform, we evaluated the reasonableness of management s revenue and operating margin forecasts by comparing the forecasts to (1) the historical operating results of the Company s similar existing platforms, (2) the limited operating results to date of the next-gen platform, (3) internal communications to management and the board of directors, and (4) external communications made by management to analysts and investors. Client Funds Obligations - Refer to Note 5 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description Client funds obligations represent the Company's contractual obligations to remit funds to satisfy clients' payroll, tax and other payee payment obligations and are recorded as a liability at the time that the Company impounds funds from clients (i.e., money movement). The Company has reported client funds obligations as a current liability in the consolidated financial statements totaling $ 31,343.3 million as of June 30, 2025. This money movement activity involves significant amounts of client funds being impounded and remitted to third parties and results in a high volume of transactions. To validate the accuracy and completeness of the client funds obligations reported as of period end, the Company performs complex data extracts in order to reconcile the transactional data to the client funds obligations and funds held for clients balances reported at period end. Given the significant volume of data used in the reconciliation, the complexity of the data extraction, and the reconciliation of the data extracts to the client funds obligations balance reported, auditing the client funds obligations is complex and requires the involvement of data specialists to independently reperform the reconciliation and assist with testing of the completeness and accuracy of client funds obligations reported as of period end, including identifying the manual adjustments identified in management s reconciliation process. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the Company's client funds obligations included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of general information technology controls over the applications relevant to the money movement reconciliation process. We tested the effectiveness of (1) management s controls over the client funds obligations data reconciliation and (2) management s control to reconcile the consolidated client funds obligations to the corresponding consolidated funds held for clients balance. We involved data specialists to (1) independently reperform management s client funds obligations reconciliation and (2) perform data analyses to identify and evaluate recurring and new adjustments to the data extracts in the current period. For a selection of client funds obligations transactions, we evaluated whether the funds were impounded prior to June 30, 2025, agreed the liability to the corresponding asset balance, and evaluated whether the funds were properly included or excluded from the client funds obligations. We made a selection of adjustments identified by management s reconciliation of the transactional data to the client funds obligations balance reported at period end and evaluated whether the adjustments were supported and appropriate to reconcile and validate the client funds obligations balance reported at period end. We made a selection of disbursements to third parties subsequent to the balance sheet date to evaluate whether they were properly included or excluded from client funds obligations. We tested the Company s reconciliation of the consolidated client funds obligations to funds held for clients. 45 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Morristown, New Jersey August 6, 2025 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1968. 46 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries Statements of Consolidated Earnings (In millions, except per share amounts) Years ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023 REVENUES: Revenues, other than interest on funds held for clients and PEO revenues $ 12,692.2 $ 11,953.6 $ 11,222.0 Interest on funds held for clients 1,189.1 1,024.7 813.4 PEO revenues (A) 6,679.6 6,224.3 5,976.8 TOTAL REVENUES 20,560.9 19,202.6 18,012.2 EXPENSES: Costs of revenues: Operating expenses 9,622.7 9,050.1 8,657.4 Research and development 988.6 955.7 844.8 Depreciation and amortization 486.0 470.9 451.2 TOTAL COSTS OF REVENUES 11,097.3 10,476.7 9,953.4 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 4,051.7 3,778.9 3,551.4 Interest expense 455.9 361.4 253.3 TOTAL EXPENSES 15,604.9 14,617.0 13,758.1 Other (income)/expense, net ( 354.1 ) ( 286.7 ) ( 183.5 ) EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 5,310.1 4,872.3 4,437.6 Provision for income taxes 1,230.4 1,120.3 1,025.6 NET EARNINGS $ 4,079.7 $ 3,752.0 $ 3,412.0 BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 10.02 $ 9.14 $ 8.25 DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 9.98 $ 9.10 $ 8.21 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 407.1 410.6 413.7 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 408.7 412.2 415.7 (A) For the years ended June 30, 2025 ( fiscal 2025 ), June 30, 2024 ( fiscal 2024 ), and June 30, 2023 ( fiscal 2023 ), Professional Employer Organization ( PEO ) revenues are net of direct pass-through costs, primarily consisting of payroll wages and payroll taxes, of $ 75,220.1 million, $ 69,874.1 million, and $ 66,731.7 million, respectively. See notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 47 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (In millions) Years ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023 Net earnings $ 4,079.7 $ 3,752.0 $ 3,412.0 Other comprehensive income/(loss): Currency translation adjustments 89.0 ( 38.0 ) 13.4 Unrealized net gains/(losses) on available-for-sale securities 1,088.4 685.2 ( 500.3 ) Tax effect ( 250.7 ) ( 162.2 ) 113.3 Reclassification of realized net losses on available-for-sale securities to net earnings 1.7 5.9 14.7 Tax effect ( 0.3 ) ( 1.3 ) ( 3.3 ) Unrealized losses on cash flow hedging activities ( 15.6 ) Tax effect 3.8 Amortization of unrealized losses on cash flow hedging activities 5.4 4.4 4.4 Tax effect ( 1.3 ) ( 1.1 ) ( 1.1 ) Pension net gains arising during the year 8.5 5.6 60.3 Tax effect ( 2.1 ) ( 1.1 ) ( 13.3 ) Reclassification of pension liability adjustment to net earnings ( 2.4 ) 0.1 ( 0.4 ) Tax effect 0.5 0.2 Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax 924.9 497.5 ( 312.1 ) Comprehensive income $ 5,004.6 $ 4,249.5 $ 3,099.9 See notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 48 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (In millions, except per share amounts) June 30, 2025 2024 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 3,347.8 $ 2,913.4 Short-term marketable securities 4,498.8 384.0 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $ 47.1 and $ 52.2 , respectively 3,579.1 3,428.2 Other current assets 840.8 820.8 Total current assets before funds held for clients 12,266.5 7,546.4 Funds held for clients 30,985.7 37,996.1 Total current assets 43,252.2 45,542.5 Long-term receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $ 0.1 and $ 0.1 , respectively 4.4 7.3 Property, plant and equipment, net 655.4 685.6 Operating lease right-of-use asset 374.1 370.6 Deferred contract costs 3,154.1 2,965.0 Other assets 1,052.6 1,102.1 Goodwill 3,273.5 2,353.6 Intangible assets, net 1,603.0 1,336.0 Total assets $ 53,369.3 $ 54,362.7 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 169.1 $ 100.6 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 3,092.4 3,350.1 Accrued payroll and payroll-related expenses 973.1 958.7 Dividends payable 620.6 566.4 Short-term deferred revenues 262.8 199.8 Obligations under reverse repurchase agreements (A) 38.4 385.4 Obligations under commercial paper borrowings 4,769.5 Income taxes payable 9.1 15.1 Total current liabilities before client funds obligations 9,935.0 5,576.1 Client funds obligations 31,343.3 39,503.9 Total current liabilities 41,278.3 45,080.0 Long-term debt 3,974.7 2,991.3 Operating lease liabilities 321.2 328.6 Other liabilities 1,058.3 990.8 Deferred income taxes 163.6 64.3 Long-term deferred revenues 385.2 360.1 Total liabilities 47,181.3 49,815.1 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, $ 1.00 par value: Authorized, 0.3 shares; issued, no ne Common stock, $ 0.10 par value: authorized, 1,000.0 shares; issued, 638.7 shares at June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024; outstanding, 405.3 and 408.1 shares at June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively 63.9 63.9 Capital in excess of par value 2,788.3 2,406.9 Retained earnings 25,240.6 23,622.2 Treasury stock - at cost: 233.4 and 230.6 shares at June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively ( 21,021.4 ) ( 19,737.1 ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income ( 883.4 ) ( 1,808.3 ) Total stockholders equity 6,188.0 4,547.6 Total liabilities and stockholders equity $ 53,369.3 $ 54,362.7 (A) As of June 30, 2025, $ 38.4 million of short-term marketable securities have been pledged as collateral under the Company's reverse repurchase agreements. As of June 30, 2024, $ 384.0 million of short-term marketable securities and $ 1.4 million of cash and cash equivalents have been pledged as collateral under the Company's reverse repurchase agreements (see Note 9). See notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 49 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries Statements of Consolidated Stockholders' Equity (In millions, except per share amounts) Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2022 638.7 $ 63.9 $ 1,794.2 $ 20,696.3 $ ( 17,335.4 ) $ ( 1,993.7 ) Net earnings 3,412.0 Other comprehensive loss ( 312.1 ) Stock-based compensation expense 196.3 Issuances relating to stock compensation plans 111.8 63.3 Treasury stock acquired ( 4.9 million shares repurchased) ( 1,197.2 ) Dividends ($ 4.79 per share) ( 1,990.3 ) Balance at June 30, 2023 638.7 $ 63.9 $ 2,102.3 $ 22,118.0 $ ( 18,469.3 ) $ ( 2,305.8 ) Net earnings 3,752.0 Other comprehensive income 497.5 Stock-based compensation expense 219.3 Issuances relating to stock compensation plans 85.3 63.1 Treasury stock acquired ( 5.1 million shares repurchased) ( 1,330.9 ) Dividends ($ 5.45 per share) ( 2,247.8 ) Balance at June 30, 2024 638.7 $ 63.9 $ 2,406.9 $ 23,622.2 $ ( 19,737.1 ) $ ( 1,808.3 ) Net earnings 4,079.7 Other comprehensive income 924.9 Stock-based compensation expense 234.9 Issuances relating to stock compensation plans 146.5 73.0 Treasury stock acquired ( 4.4 million shares repurchased) ( 1,357.3 ) Dividends ($ 6.02 per share) ( 2,461.3 ) Balance at June 30, 2025 638.7 $ 63.9 $ 2,788.3 $ 25,240.6 $ ( 21,021.4 ) $ ( 883.4 ) See notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 50 Automatic Data Processing, Inc . and Subsidiaries Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows (In millions) Years ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net earnings $ 4,079.7 $ 3,752.0 $ 3,412.0 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash flows provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 582.4 561.9 549.3 Amortization of deferred contract costs 1,145.3 1,067.6 992.9 Deferred income taxes 37.0 ( 37.4 ) ( 80.1 ) Stock-based compensation expense 266.1 243.5 220.4 Bad debt expense 53.2 54.6 44.0 Net pension income ( 19.7 ) ( 22.9 ) ( 42.6 ) Net accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on available-for-sale securities ( 72.2 ) ( 42.6 ) 23.0 Other 13.4 ( 1.7 ) 27.4 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase)/decrease in accounts receivable ( 146.6 ) ( 483.7 ) 129.2 Increase in deferred contract costs ( 1,290.3 ) ( 1,271.2 ) ( 1,189.2 ) Increase in other assets ( 59.8 ) ( 157.2 ) ( 168.2 ) Increase/(decrease) in accounts payable 60.6 1.8 ( 11.8 ) Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities 290.6 492.9 301.3 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 4,939.7 4,157.6 4,207.6 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchases of corporate and client funds marketable securities ( 7,857.9 ) ( 6,835.3 ) ( 6,618.8 ) Proceeds from the sales and maturities of corporate and client funds marketable securities 6,539.1 6,039.5 4,705.5 Capital expenditures ( 168.7 ) ( 208.4 ) ( 206.3 ) Additions to intangibles ( 378.3 ) ( 355.0 ) ( 365.3 ) Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ( 1,165.1 ) ( 33.6 ) ( 32.4 ) Proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment and other assets 10.8 28.3 Other ( 14.9 ) ( 24.5 ) Net cash flows used in investing activities ( 3,035.0 ) ( 1,389.0 ) ( 2,517.3 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Net (decrease)/increase in client funds obligations ( 8,274.0 ) 1,014.1 ( 12,701.6 ) Net cash (distributed)/received from the Internal Revenue Service ( 552.2 ) 602.7 Payments of debt ( 1,001.2 ) ( 0.9 ) ( 1.0 ) Proceeds from the issuance of debt 1,980.3 Settlement of cash flow hedges ( 15.6 ) Repurchases of common stock ( 1,280.5 ) ( 1,231.7 ) ( 1,121.4 ) Net proceeds from stock purchase plan and stock-based compensation plans 131.0 47.2 91.6 Dividends paid ( 2,398.9 ) ( 2,183.1 ) ( 1,903.6 ) Net (payments)/proceeds related to reverse repurchase agreements ( 331.8 ) 320.0 ( 44.7 ) Net proceeds from issuance of commercial paper 4,769.5 Net cash flows used in financing activities ( 6,973.4 ) ( 1,431.7 ) ( 15,680.7 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents 37.3 ( 22.4 ) ( 21.1 ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents ( 5,031.4 ) 1,314.5 ( 14,011.5 ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, beginning of year 10,086.0 8,771.5 22,783.0 Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, end of year $ 5,054.6 $ 10,086.0 $ 8,771.5 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents to the Consolidated Balance Sheets Cash and cash equivalents $ 3,347.8 $ 2,913.4 $ 2,083.5 Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents included in funds held for clients (A) 1,706.8 7,172.6 6,688.0 Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents $ 5,054.6 $ 10,086.0 $ 8,771.5 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest $ 426.8 $ 353.9 $ 246.5 Cash paid for income taxes, net of income tax refunds $ 1,198.0 $ 1,185.2 $ 1,080.7 (A) See Note 5 for a reconciliation of restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in funds held for clients on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 51 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts or where otherwise stated) NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES A. Basis of Preparation. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes thereto of Automatic Data Processing, Inc., its subsidiaries and variable interest entity ( ADP or the Company ) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company has a grantor trust, which holds the majority of the funds provided by its clients pending remittance to employees of those clients, tax authorities, and other payees. The Company is the sole beneficial owner of the trust. The trust meets the criteria in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810, Consolidation to be characterized as a variable interest entity ( VIE ). The Company has determined that it has a controlling financial interest in the trust because it has both (1) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the trust (including the power to make all investment decisions for the trust) and (2) the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the trust (in the form of investment returns) and therefore, consolidates the trust. Further information on these funds and the Company s obligations to remit to its clients employees, tax authorities, and other payees is provided in Note 5, Corporate Investments and Funds Held for Clients. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and other comprehensive income that are reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes thereto. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Certain amounts from the comparative financial statements have been reclassified in order to conform to the current year's presentation. B. Description of Business. The Company is a provider of cloud-based Human Capital Management ( HCM ) solutions. The Company classifies its operations into the following two reportable segments: Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization ( PEO ) Services. The primary components of the "Other" category include certain corporate overhead charges and expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, including corporate functions, legal settlements, severance costs, non-recurring gains and losses, the elimination of intercompany transactions, and interest expense. C. Revenue Recognition. Revenues are primarily attributable to fees for providing services ( e.g., Employer Services' payroll processing fees), investment income on payroll funds, payroll tax filing funds, other Employer Services' client-related funds, and fees charged to implement clients on the Company's solutions. The Company enters into agreements for a fixed fee per transaction ( e.g., number of payees). The Company enters into service agreements with clients that include anywhere from one service to a full suite of services. The Company s agreements vary in duration having a legally enforceable term of 30 days to 7 years. The performance obligations in the agreements are generally combined into one performance obligation, as they are considered a series of distinct services, and are satisfied over time because the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as the Company performs the services. The Company uses the output method based on a fixed fee per employee serviced to recognize revenue, as the value to the client of the goods or services transferred to date (e.g., number of payees) appropriately depicts our performance towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. The fees are typically billed in the period in which services are performed. PEO, a component of the HR Outsourcing ( HRO ) business, provides a comprehensive human resources outsourcing solution, including offering benefits, providing workers compensation insurance, and administering state unemployment insurance, among other human resources functions. Amounts collected from PEO worksite employers include payroll and payroll taxes, fees for benefits, and an administrative fee that also includes payroll taxes, fees for workers compensation and state unemployment taxes. The payroll and payroll taxes collected from the worksite employers are presented in revenue net, as the Company does not retain risk and acts as an agent with respect to this aspect of the PEO arrangement. With respect to the payroll and payroll taxes, the PEO worksite employer is primarily responsible for providing the service and has discretion in establishing wages. 52 The fees collected from the worksite employers for benefits (i.e., PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs), workers compensation and state unemployment taxes are presented in revenues and the associated costs of benefits, workers compensation and state unemployment taxes are included in operating expenses, as the Company does retain risk and acts as a principal with respect to this aspect of the arrangement. With respect to these fees, the Company is primarily responsible for fulfilling the service and has discretion in establishing price. We recognize client fund interest income on collected but not yet remitted funds held for clients in revenues as earned, as the collection, holding and remittance of these funds are critical components of providing these services. Set up fees received from certain clients to implement the Company's solutions are considered a material right. Therefore, the Company defers revenue associated with these set up fees and records them over the period in which such clients are expected to benefit from the material right, which is approximately five to seven years . Collection of consideration the Company expects to receive to perform its services typically occurs within 30 to 60 days of billing. We assess the collectability of revenues based primarily on the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as the customer's payment history and their intention to pay the consideration. D. Deferred Costs. Incremental Costs of Obtaining a Contract Incremental costs of obtaining a contract (e.g., sales commissions) that are expected to be recovered are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of three to eight years , depending on the business unit. Incremental costs of obtaining a contract include only those costs the Company incurs to obtain a contract that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Costs to fulfill a Contract The Company capitalizes costs incurred to fulfill its contracts that i) relate directly to the contract ii) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy the Company's performance obligations under the contract and iii) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. Costs incurred to implement clients on our solutions (e.g., direct labor) are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected client relationship period if the Company expects to recover those costs. The expected client relationship period ranges from three to eight years . These costs are included in operating expenses. The Company has estimated the amortization periods for the deferred costs by using its historical client retention by business units to estimate the pattern during which the service transfers. E. Cash and Cash Equivalents. Highly liquid investment securities with a maturity of ninety days or less at the time of purchase are considered cash equivalents. The fair value of our cash and cash equivalents approximates carrying value. F. Corporate Investments and Funds Held for Clients. All of the Company's marketable securities are considered to be available-for-sale and, accordingly, are carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, are excluded from earnings and are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on an aggregate approach basis and are included in other (income)/expense, net on the Statements of Consolidated Earnings. If the fair value of an available-for-sale debt security is below its amortized cost, the Company assesses whether it intends to sell the security or if it is more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery. If either of those two conditions is met, the Company would recognize a charge in earnings equal to the entire difference between the security's amortized cost basis and its fair value. If the Company does not intend to sell a security or it is not more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery, the unrealized loss is separated into an amount representing the credit loss, which is recognized in earnings, and an amount related to all other factors, which is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to the yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned. 53 G. Fair Value Measurements. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date and is based upon the Company s principal, or most advantageous, market for a specific asset or liability. U.S. GAAP provides for a three-level hierarchy of inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value, defined as follows: Level 1 Fair value is determined based upon quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities that are traded in active markets. Level 2 Fair value is determined based upon inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability, including: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. Level 3 Fair value is determined based upon inputs that are unobservable and reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based upon the best information available in the circumstances (e.g., internally derived assumptions surrounding the timing and amount of expected cash flows). The Company's corporate investments and funds held for clients (see Note 5) are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as described below. Over 99 % of the Company's available-for-sale securities included in Level 2 are valued based on prices obtained from an independent pricing service. To determine the fair value of the Company's Level 2 investments, the independent pricing service uses pricing models for each asset class that are consistent with what other market participants would use, including the market approach. Inputs and assumptions to the pricing model used by the independent pricing service are derived from market observable sources including: benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, benchmark securities, bids, offers and other market-related data. Since many fixed income securities do not trade on a daily basis, the independent pricing service applies available information, as applicable, through processes such as benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings and matrix pricing to prepare valuations. For the purposes of valuing the Company s asset-backed securities and mortgage-backed securities (that are included within Other securities in Note 5), the independent pricing service includes additional inputs to the model such as monthly payment information, new issue data, and collateral performance. For the purposes of valuing the Company s Municipal bonds, the independent pricing service includes quoted prices for similar assets, benchmark yield curves, and market corroborated inputs. While the Company is not provided access to the proprietary models of the third party pricing service, each quarterly reporting period, the Company reviews the inputs utilized by the independent pricing service and compares the valuations received from the independent pricing service to valuations from at least one other observable source for reasonableness. The Company has not adjusted the prices obtained from the independent pricing service and the Company believes the prices received from the independent pricing service are representative of the prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (exit price). The Company had no available-for-sale securities included in Level 1 and Level 3 at June 30, 2025. The Company issued four series of fixed-rate notes with staggered maturitie s of 7 and 10 -years totaling $ 4.0 billion (collectively the Notes ). The fair value of the Notes are estimated in Note 10 utilizing a variety of inputs obtained from an independent pricing service, including benchmark yields, reported trades, non-binding broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, and reference data. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations, and interest is payable in arrears, semi-annually. The Company reviews the values generated by the independent pricing service for reasonableness by comparing the valuations received from the independent pricing service to valuations from at least one other observable source. The Company has not adjusted the prices obtained from the independent pricing service. The Company's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the classification of assets and liabilities within the fair value hierarchy. In certain instances, the inputs used to measure fair value may meet the definition of more than one level of the fair value hierarchy. The significant input with the lowest level priority is used to determine the applicable level in the fair value hierarchy. H. Property, Plant and Equipment. Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Depreciation is recognized over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives of the 54 improvements. The estimated useful lives of assets are primarily as follows: Data processing equipment 5 to 10 years Buildings 20 to 40 years Furniture and fixtures 4 to 7 years I. Leases. Operating lease right-of-use ( ROU ) assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. The lease liabilities are measured by discounting future lease payments at the Company s collateralized incremental borrowing rate for financing instruments of a similar term, unless the implicit rate is readily determinable. ROU assets also include adjustments related to prepaid or deferred lease payments and lease incentives. Lease ROU assets are amortized over the life of the lease and assessed for impairment in the event there is a modification or an early termination . J. Goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently when an event or circumstance indicates that goodwill might be impaired. The Company's annual goodwill impairment assessment as of June 30, 2025 was performed for all reporting units using a quantitative approach by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. We estimated the fair value of each reporting unit using, as appropriate, the income approach, which is derived using the present value of future cash flows discounted at a risk-adjusted weighted-average cost of capital, and the market approach, which is based upon using market multiples of companies in similar lines of business. Significant assumptions used in determining the fair value of our reporting units include projected revenue growth rates, profitability projections, working capital assumptions, the weighted average cost of capital, the determination of appropriate market comparison companies, and terminal growth rates. Several of these assumptions, including projected revenue growth rates and profitability projections are dependent on our ability to upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences. As such, the determination of fair value requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenue and operating margins. Based upon the quantitative assessment, the Company has concluded that goodwill is not impaired. K. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. L. Foreign Currency. The net assets of the Company's foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars based on exchange rates in effect for each period, and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates in the periods. Gains or losses from balance sheet translation are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Currency transaction gains or losses, which are included in the results of operations, are not significant for all periods presented. M. Foreign Currency Risk Management Programs and Derivative Financial Instruments. The Company transacts business in various foreign jurisdictions and is therefore exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact its consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. The Company manages its exposure to these market risks through its regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. The Company does not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. 55 N. Earnings per Share ( EPS ). The Company computes EPS in accordance with ASC 260. The calculations of basic and diluted EPS are as follows: Years ended June 30, Basic Effect of Employee Stock Option Shares Effect of Employee Restricted Stock Shares Diluted 2025 Net earnings $ 4,079.7 $ 4,079.7 Weighted average shares (in millions) 407.1 0.6 1.0 408.7 EPS $ 10.02 $ 9.98 2024 Net earnings $ 3,752.0 $ 3,752.0 Weighted average shares (in millions) 410.6 0.7 0.9 412.2 EPS $ 9.14 $ 9.10 2023 Net earnings $ 3,412.0 $ 3,412.0 Weighted average shares (in millions) 413.7 0.9 1.1 415.7 EPS $ 8.25 $ 8.21 Shares that could potentially dilute basic EPS in the future include outstanding share-based compensation awards, discussed in Note 11. For fiscal 2025 and 2024, there were no shares excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS, and in fiscal 2023, there were 0.2 million shares excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. O. Stock-Based Compensation. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense in net earnings based on the fair value of the award on the date of the grant, and in the case of international units settled in cash, adjusts this fair value based on changes in the Company's stock price during the vesting peri od. Time-based restricted stock units are valued based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of the grant and, in the case of performance based restricted stock units, are valued based on the grant date fair value of such awards and are adjusted for changes to probabilities of achieving performance targets. S ee Note 11 for additional information on the Company's stock-based compensation programs. P. Internal Use Software. Expenditures for major software purchases and software developed or obtained for internal use are capitalized and amortized generally over a three to five-year period on a straight-line basis. Software developed as part of the Company's next-generation platforms are depreciated over ten years . The Company begins to capitalize costs incurred for computer software developed for internal use when the preliminary development efforts are successfully completed, management has authorized and committed to funding the project, and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used as intended. Capitalization ceases when a computer software project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. The Company's policy provides for the capitalization of external direct costs of materials and services associated with developing or obtaining internal use computer software. In addition, the Company also capitalizes certain payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who are directly associated with internal use computer software projects. The amount of capitalizable payroll costs with respect to these employees is limited to the time directly spent on such projects. Costs associated with preliminary project stage activities, training, maintenance, and all other post-implementation stage activities are expensed as incurred. The Company also expenses internal costs related to minor upgrades and enhancements, as it is impractical to separate these costs from normal maintenance activities. Fees related to cloud-based subscriptions for which the Company has the right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period (without significant penalty) and can run the software on internal hardware, or through contract with a third party vendor to host the software, is recognized as an intangible asset and capitalized following the Internal Use Software guidance under ASC 350-40. Subscriptions where the Company accesses the software through the cloud but cannot take 56 possession of the software during the hosting period is treated as a service contract, and as such hosting fees are treated as expense. Q. Acquisitions. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the respective acquisition dates based upon their estimated fair values at such dates. The results of operations of businesses acquired by the Company are included in the Statements of Consolidated Earnings since their respective dates of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed is allocated to goodwill. In certain circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase price are based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to revision when the Company receives final information, including appraisals and other analysis. Accordingly, the measurement period for such purchase price allocations will end when the information, or the facts and circumstances, becomes available, but will not exceed twelve months. R. Income Taxes. The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. Judgment is required in addressing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements or tax returns (e.g., real