=== BKNG_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A "Risk Factors" and our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant currency basis. We calculate constant currency based on the predominant transactional currency in each country, converting our current year results in currencies other than U.S. Dollars using the corresponding prior year monthly average exchange rates. Overview Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We aim to provide consumers with a best-in-class experience with tailored planning, payment, language, and other options, seamlessly connecting them with our travel service provider partners. We offer these services through five primary consumer-facing brands: Booking.com, Priceline, Agoda, KAYAK, and OpenTable. See Notes 1 and 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for segment reporting and geographic information. We derive substantially all of our revenues from enabling consumers to make travel service reservations. We also earn revenues from payment facilitation, advertising, restaurant reservation and management services, travel-related insurance offerings, and other services. Trends Our global room nights in 2025 increased 8% year-over-year driven primarily by healthy travel demand in Europe and Asia. We saw the booking window expand in 2025 compared to 2024, which benefited year-over-year room night growth. In the fourth quarter of 2025, global room nights increased 9% year-over-year. We saw healthy travel demand across all our major regions in the fourth quarter of 2025. While the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment can impact global travel demand, we believe our diversified global portfolio of leading travel brands, flexible platforms, and strong financial position helps us to navigate a range of scenarios. We continue to take a long-term view, staying focused on delivering value to our travelers and partners, maintaining disciplined cost management, and making strategic investments as appropriate. Quarterly Room Nights and Change versus the prior year (1) 24 Full Year Room Nights and Change versus the prior year (1) (1) Room night growth rates are rounded for presentation purposes. The cancellation rate in 2025 was lower than the prior year. Because we recognize revenues from bookings when the traveler checks in, our reported revenues are not at risk of being reversed due to cancellations. Increases in cancellation rates can negatively impact our marketing efficiency as a result of incurring performance marketing expenses at the time a booking is made even though that booking could be canceled in the future. In 2025, our global average daily rates ("ADRs") on a constant currency basis were about in line with the prior year. Our global ADRs were slightly negatively impacted by a higher mix of room nights in Asia, which is a lower ADR region. Excluding the changes in regional mix, our global ADRs on a constant currency basis were up approximately 1% year-over-year, driven primarily by higher ADRs in Europe. We focus on relentless innovation to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use platforms that aim to exceed the expectations of consumers. We are executing against our long-term strategy to create an ideal AI-powered traveler experience, offering our customers relevant options and suggestions at the times and in the language they want them, making trips booked with us seamless, easy, and valuable. We refer to this as the "Connected Trip." The goal of our Connected Trip vision is to offer a differentiated and personalized travel planning, booking, payment, and in-trip experience for each trip, enhanced by a robust loyalty program that provides value to travelers and partners across all trips. We believe these efforts will help improve traveler loyalty, frequency, and mix of direct bookings over time. We believe these improvements will benefit revenue growth and marketing efficiency in the future, however, to the extent our non-accommodation services have lower margins and increase as a percentage of our total business, our operating margins may be negatively affected. Our mobile apps are an important platform for experiencing the Connected Trip since the app travels with the traveler. The mix of our room nights booked on our mobile apps in 2025 was a mid-fifties percentage, up from a low-fifties percentage in 2024. The significant majority of room nights booked on our mobile apps are direct, and we continue to see favorable repeat direct booking behavior from consumers in our mobile apps, which allow us more opportunities to engage directly with them. The revenues earned on a transaction on a mobile app may be less than a typical desktop transaction as we see different consumer purchasing patterns across devices. For example, accommodation reservations made on a mobile app typically are for shorter lengths of stay and have lower accommodation ADRs. We continue to expand our merchant service offerings as part of a broader strategy to provide more payment options to travelers and travel service providers, increase the variety of our accommodations, and enable our long-term Connected Trip strategy. These merchant services allow us to facilitate payments from travelers and offer secure, flexible transaction terms, such as varied payment forms, currencies, and timing. The mix of our total gross bookings generated on a merchant basis across the company was 70% in 2025, an increase from 63% in 2024 due to the ongoing shift from agency to merchant bookings at Booking.com. We believe that expanding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. However, this results in additional expenses for personnel, payment processing, chargebacks (including those related to fraud), and other expenses related to these transactions, which are recorded in "Personnel" expenses and "Sales and other expenses" in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, as well as associated incremental revenues (e.g., payment card rebates), which are recorded in "Merchant revenues." To the extent more of our business is generated on a merchant basis, we incur a greater level of these merchant-related expenses, which negatively impacts our operating margins despite increases in associated incremental revenues. In 2025, the incremental revenues from facilitating payments were greater than the associated incremental variable expenses. We have established widely-used and recognized brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our total performance and brand marketing expenses, which are substantially variable in nature, were $8.2 billion in 2025, up 12.5% versus 2024 as a result of the year-over-year growth in travel demand and due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our performance marketing expenses, which represent a substantial majority of our marketing expenses, are primarily related to the use of online search engines (primarily Google), affiliate marketing, meta-search, and social media channels to generate bookings through our platforms. Our brand marketing expenses are primarily related to costs associated with producing and airing digital branding and television advertising. 25 Marketing efficiency, expressed as marketing expenses as a percentage of gross bookings, and performance marketing returns on investment ("ROIs") are impacted by a number of factors that are in some cases outside of our control. Such factors include ADRs, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign currency exchange rates, search engine bidding algorithms, channel mix, our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers, and the timing and effectiveness of our brand marketing and social media marketing campaigns. In 2025, our average ROI was down slightly year-over-year driven by changes in paid traffic mix and increased social media spend. When evaluating our performance marketing spend, we typically consider several factors for each channel, such as the customer experience on the advertising platform, the incremental bookings we receive, and anticipated repeat rates. Marketing efficiency is also impacted by the extent to which consumers book directly with us. The mix of our total room nights booked by consumers coming directly to our platforms was a mid-fifties percentage in 2025, and was higher if we exclude the room nights booked through affiliate programs (i.e., business-to-business). The mix of total room nights booked by consumers coming directly to our platforms increased year-over-year, which benefited our marketing efficiency for 2025. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " We face risks relating to our marketing efforts " and " We are dependent on travel service providers, restaurants, search platforms, and other third parties. " Booking.com had approximately 4.4 million total properties on its website at December 31, 2025, representing an increase from approximately 4.0 million total properties at December 31, 2024. At December 31, 2025, the total properties on Booking.com's website consisted of approximately 3.9 million alternative accommodation properties (including homes, apartments, and other unique places to stay) and approximately 500,000 hotels, motels, and resorts. The mix of Booking.com's room nights booked for alternative accommodation properties in 2025 was approximately 36%, up versus approximately 35% in 2024. We have observed a longer-term trend of an increasing mix of room nights booked for alternative accommodation properties as consumer demand for these types of properties has grown, and as we have increased the number and variety of these properties on Booking.com. We may experience lower profit margins due to additional costs from offering alternative accommodations, such as increased customer service or certain partner related costs. As our alternative accommodation business grows, these different characteristics may negatively impact our profit margins. Although we believe that providing an extensive collection of properties, excellent customer service, and an intuitive, easy-to-use platform are important factors influencing a consumer's decision to make a reservation, for many consumers the price of the travel service is the primary factor determining whether to book. Discounting and couponing (i.e., merchandising) occurs across the major regions in which we operate, particularly in Asia. In some cases, our competitors are willing to make little or no profit on a transaction or offer travel services at a loss in order to gain market share. As a result, it is important to offer travel services at a competitive price, whether through discounts, coupons, closed-user group rates or loyalty programs, increased flexibility in cancellation policies, or otherwise. Some of these initiatives, such as discounts, may result in lower ADRs and lower revenues as a percentage of gross bookings as they can reduce the daily room rate and are recognized as contra-revenue. Over the long term, we intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel, as well as exploring strategic alternatives such as acquisitions, within parameters consistent with efforts to improve long-term operating results. To create room for these investments, we intend to continue to look for ways to optimize our expenses. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we began the implementation of organizational changes to improve operating expense efficiency, increase organizational agility, free up resources that can be reinvested into further improving our offering to travelers and partners, and better position our business for the long term (the "Transformation Program"). The Transformation Program resulted in approximately $250 million in savings in 2025. Given the stronger-than-expected early results of the Transformation Program, in the third quarter of 2025, we raised our expectation for the ultimate annual run-rate savings to a range of $500 to $550 million from our previous guidance of $400 to $450 million, as compared to our 2024 expense base. As of the end of 2025, we have enabled approximately $550 million in annual run-rate savings and we expect to realize these run-rate savings by the end of 2026. We expect that the restructuring costs and accelerated investments related to the Transformation Program will largely be incurred by the end of 2026 and are estimated to be, in the aggregate, less than one times the expected annual run-rate savings. Many taxing authorities seek to increase tax revenues and have targeted large multinational technology companies. Many jurisdictions, particularly in the EU, have implemented or are considering the adoption of a digital services tax or similar tax that imposes a tax on revenues earned from digital advertisements or the use of online platforms, even when there is no physical presence in the jurisdiction. Rates for these taxes range from 1.5% to 10% of revenues deemed generated in the jurisdiction. We record the applicable digital services taxes in "Sales and other expenses" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The recent One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the "BBB Act") changes certain international, foreign tax credit, and domestic tax provisions in the United States effective in 2025 and 2026. While the BBB Act did not result in a significant impact to our income tax expense or effective tax rate for 2025, we are evaluating the impact of the BBB Act and it could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows as it relates to provisions that are not yet effective. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities. " 26 Increased regulatory focus on large technology companies could result in increased compliance costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. For example, we are subject to rules and regulations that may not apply to our competitors because the European Commission designated the Company as a "gatekeeper" and Booking.com as a "Very Large Online Platform" under the Digital Markets Act and the Digital Services Act, respectively. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " Our business is subject to various competition, consumer protection, and online commerce laws and regulations around the world, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business in these areas may intensify " and Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Our businesses outside of the U.S. represent a substantial majority of our financial results, but because we report our results in U.S. Dollars, we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates (principally related to Euros and British Pounds Sterling). See Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to revenues by geographic area. As a result of these movements, the absolute amounts of and percentage changes in our foreign-currency-denominated net assets, gross bookings, revenues, operating expenses, and net income as expressed in U.S. Dollars are affected. Our total revenues increased by approximately 13% in 2025 as compared to 2024, including a benefit of about 3% from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Since our expenses are generally denominated in foreign currencies on a basis similar to our revenues, our operating margins have not been significantly impacted by currency fluctuations. We generally enter into derivative instruments to minimize the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. In addition, we may designate certain portions of the aggregate principal value of our Euro-denominated debt as a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of the net investment in certain Euro functional currency subsidiaries. Foreign currency transaction gains or losses on the Euro-denominated debt that is not designated as a hedging instrument for accounting purposes are recognized in "Other income (expense), net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Such foreign currency transaction gains or losses are dependent on the amount of net assets of the Euro functional currency subsidiaries, the amount of the Euro-denominated debt that is designated as a hedge, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. See Notes 6, 12, and 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. " Critical Accounting Estimates Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for our significant accounting policies. Certain of our accounting estimates are important to our financial position and results of operations and require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. We use our judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates and we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. Estimates are based on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the travel industry, and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Matters that involve significant estimates and judgments of management include the valuation of goodwill and other long-lived assets, income taxes, and contingencies. Valuation of Goodwill and other Long-lived Assets We review long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based upon the ability to recover the carrying value of the assets from the estimated undiscounted future net cash flows, before interest and taxes, of the related asset group. In the accounting for business combinations, the excess of the consideration transferred over the net of the amounts allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. Goodwill is assigned to reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. When the composition of one or more reporting units is changed, goodwill is reassigned to the affected reporting units using a relative fair value approach. A substantial portion of our intangible assets and goodwill as of December 31, 2025 relates to the acquisitions of OpenTable and Getaroom. We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. We test goodwill at a reporting unit level and our annual goodwill impairment tests are performed as of September 30. 27 The estimation of the recoverable values of asset groups and the fair values of our reporting units reflects numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including key assumptions regarding each reporting unit's expected growth rates and operating margin and with respect to matters outside of our control, such as discount rates and market comparables. Actual results could be materially different than the judgments and estimates used. Generally, changes in the assumptions used for comparable company multiples would result in directionally similar changes in the fair value and changes in the assumptions used for discount rates would result in directionally opposite changes in the fair value. Future events and changing market conditions may lead us to re-evaluate the assumptions used to estimate the fair values of our reporting units. Such changes may include travel service providers reducing or withdrawing from our services, generative AI better enabling or offering alternatives for travel service providers to reach consumers, or competitors affecting our ability to market to and reach consumers in a cost-efficient way. Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets As of September 30, 2025, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test. Except for the KAYAK reporting unit, the fair values of our reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values. For the KAYAK reporting unit's goodwill, we recognized an impairment charge of $180 million for the three months ended September 30, 2025, resulting in an adjusted carrying value of $203 million at September 30, 2025. In addition, for the KAYAK asset group's intangible assets (trade names and supply and distribution agreements), we recognized an impairment charge of $277 million for the three months ended September 30, 2025. The impairments were primarily driven by a reduction in the forecasted cash flows for KAYAK, reflecting its meta-search business being impacted by expected increases in customer acquisition costs. The estimated fair value of KAYAK was determined using a combination of standard valuation techniques, including an income approach (discounted cash flow) and a market approach (applying comparable company multiples). The income approach estimates fair value utilizing long-term growth rates and discount rates applied to the cash flow projections. An increase or decrease of one percentage point to the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") growth rates used in the cash flow projections would result in an increase of approximately $45 million and a decrease of approximately $40 million, respectively, to the estimated fair value of KAYAK as of September 30, 2025. The discount rate is determined based on the reporting unit's estimated weighted-average cost of capital and adjusted to reflect the risks inherent in its cash flows, which require significant judgments. If the discount rate used in the income approach increases or decreases by 0.5%, the impact to the estimated fair value of KAYAK at September 30, 2025 ranges from a decrease of approximately $20 million to an increase of approximately $25 million. The market approach estimates value using prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving comparable publicly-traded companies, including the use of the EBITDA multiple. A change in the assumption used for the EBITDA multiple would result in a directionally similar change in the fair value. At September 30, 2025, the fair values of KAYAK's trade names and supply and distribution agreements were $103 million and $76 million, respectively, estimated using an income approach. The key unobservable inputs used for these intangible assets include royalty rates, distributor margins, and supplier attrition rates (in the range of 2% to 5%, as applicable) and the useful lives of the trade names (20 years). Significant changes in any of these inputs in isolation would result in significantly different fair value measurements. Generally, a change in the assumption used for the royalty rate, distributor margin, and expected useful life would result in a directionally similar change in the fair value and a change in the assumption used for the attrition rate would result in a directionally opposite change in the fair value. See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Income Taxes We determine our tax expense based on income and statutory tax rates applicable in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Due to the complex and dynamic nature of tax legislation, significant judgment is required in computing our tax expense and determining our tax positions. The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act") enacted in December 2017 made significant changes to U.S. federal tax law, including a one-time deemed repatriation tax imposed on accumulated unremitted international earnings. We do not intend to indefinitely reinvest our international earnings that were subject to U.S. taxation pursuant to the mandatory deemed repatriation or subject to U.S. taxation as global intangible low-taxed income (" GILTI ") . We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of temporary differences, and tax planning strategies and record valuation allowances as required. We are subject to ongoing tax examinations and assessments, and face challenges regarding the amount of taxes due from time to time. Although we believe that our tax filing positions are reasonable and comply with applicable law, we regularly review our tax filing positions, especially in light of tax law or business practice changes, and we may change our positions or determine that previous positions should be amended, either of which could result in changes to our tax liabilities. The final determination of tax audits or tax disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. 28 The evaluation of tax positions and recognition of income tax benefits require significant judgment and we consult with external tax and legal counsel as appropriate. We consider the technical merits of our tax positions along with the applicable tax statutes, related interpretations and precedents, and our expectation of the outcome of proceedings (or negotiations) with tax authorities. We recognize liabilities when we believe that uncertain positions may not be fully sustained upon audit by the tax authorities, including any related appeals or litigation processes. Liabilities recognized for uncertain tax positions are based on a two-step approach for recognition and measurement. First, we evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained based on its technical merits. Second, we measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Interest and penalties attributable to uncertain tax positions, if any, are recognized as a component of income tax expense. The tax benefits ultimately realized by us may be different than what is recorded in the financial statements due to future events such as our settling a matter with tax authorities or our success in sustaining our tax positions. See Notes 15 and 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Contingencies Loss contingencies (other than income tax-related contingencies disclosed above) arise from actual or possible claims and assessments and pending or threatened litigation that may be brought against us. Based on our assessment of loss contingencies at each balance sheet date, a loss is recorded in the financial statements if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If the amount of the loss cannot be reasonably estimated, we disclose information about the contingency in the financial statements. We also disclose information in our financial statements about reasonably possible loss contingencies. The determination of whether a loss is probable and whether the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated requires significant judgment and evaluation of all the underlying facts and circumstances including judgments about the potential actions of third-party claimants, regulatory authorities, and courts. Claims, assessments, and litigations involve significant uncertainties such as the complexity of the facts, the legal theories involved, the nature of the claims, the judgment of the courts, the applicable methodology for determining potential damages, and, in the case of class actions, whether a class action can be certified and members of the class choose to participate in the litigation. For a contingency that might result in a gain, substantially all uncertainties about its realization should be resolved before it is recognized in the financial statements. Recoveries of costs and losses incurred in the past and recorded in the financial statements are recognized when the recovery is probable, reasonably estimable, and there is direct linkage to the loss event. Establishing direct linkage requires judgment and evaluation of all the underlying facts and circumstances, including the relationship between the recovery, the loss event, and the costs and losses incurred. On a quarterly basis, we update our analysis and estimates considering available information, including the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, and advice of legal counsel. Changes in our assessment of whether a loss is probable, our estimate of the loss, or our determination of whether the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. Changes in our assumptions regarding a particular matter or the effectiveness of our strategies related to legal and other proceedings could also have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. For all loss contingencies, until a matter is finally resolved, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the liability accrued for the matter and such amounts could be material. In a similar manner, gain contingencies and recoveries of costs and losses are also assessed on a quarterly basis. See Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding certain contingencies. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated into this Item 7 by reference. 29 Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2025 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024 Operating and Statistical Metrics Our financial results are driven by certain operating metrics that encompass the booking and other business activity generated by our travel and travel-related services. Reservations of room nights, rental car days, and airline tickets capture the volume of units booked through our online travel companies' ("OTC") brands by our customers. Gross bookings is an operating and statistical metric that captures the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked through our OTC brands by our customers, net of cancellations. Our non-OTC brands (KAYAK and OpenTable) have different business metrics from those of our OTC brands, so search queries through KAYAK and restaurant reservations through OpenTable do not contribute to our gross bookings. Room nights, rental car days, and airline tickets reserved through our services were as follows: Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 Room nights 1,235 1,144 8.0 % Rental car days 88 83 5.8 % Airline tickets 68 49 36.6 % Room nights reserved through our services increased year-over-year in 2025, driven primarily by increased travel demand in Europe and Asia. Rental car days reserved through our services increased year-over-year in 2025 driven primarily by growth in rental car days reserved on Booking.com. Airline tickets reserved through our services increased year-over-year in 2025 driven by the expansion of flight offerings at Booking.com and Agoda. Gross bookings resulting from reservations of room nights, rental car days, and airline tickets made through our merchant and agency categories were as follows (numbers may not total due to rounding): Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 Merchant gross bookings $ 130,025 $ 104,182 24.8 % Agency gross bookings 56,082 61,398 (8.7) % Total gross bookings $ 186,107 $ 165,580 12.4 % The year-over-year increase in merchant gross bookings in 2025 was due primarily to growth in accommodation reservation services and flight reservation services at Booking.com and Agoda. Merchant gross bookings also increased year-over-year and agency gross bookings decreased year-over-year in 2025 due to the ongoing shift from agency to merchant bookings at Booking.com. The year-over-year increase in total gross bookings in 2025 was due primarily to the increase in room nights, a positive impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and a positive impact from growth in flight gross bookings. Flight gross bookings increased 29% year-over-year in 2025 due to airline ticket growth, partially offset by lower average airline ticket prices. Rental car gross bookings increased 9% year-over-year in 2025 due to rental car days growth and higher average daily car rental prices. 30 Revenues See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our revenues, including merchant, agency, and advertising and other revenues. Substantially all of our revenues are generated by providing online travel reservation services, which facilitate online travel purchases by travelers from travel service providers. Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 Merchant revenues $ 17,755 $ 14,142 25.5 % Agency revenues 7,968 8,524 (6.5) % Advertising and other revenues 1,194 1,073 11.3 % Total revenues $ 26,917 $ 23,739 13.4 % % of Total gross bookings 14.5 % 14.3 % The year-over-year increase in merchant revenues in 2025 was due primarily to growth in accommodation reservation services at Booking.com. Merchant revenues also increased year-over-year while agency revenues decreased year-over-year in 2025 due to the ongoing shift from agency to merchant revenues at Booking.com. Advertising and other revenues increased year-over-year in 2025 due to growth at OpenTable and growth in advertising revenues at Booking.com. Total revenues as a percentage of gross bookings increased year-over-year in 2025 due to an increase in revenues related to facilitating payments, as well as a more positive impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates on revenue compared to gross bookings, partly offset by an increase in the mix of flight gross bookings, which have lower revenues as a percentage of gross bookings. Operating Expenses See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the components of our operating expenses and the related accounting policies. The year-over-year growth in our total operating expenses for 2025 was increased in part by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Marketing Expenses Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 Marketing expenses $ 8,186 $ 7,278 12.5 % % of Total gross bookings 4.4 % 4.4 % % of Total revenues 30.4 % 30.7 % Our marketing expenses, which are substantially variable in nature, increased year-over-year in 2025 to help drive additional gross bookings and revenues, and were increased by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Marketing expenses as a percentage of total gross bookings in 2025 were in line with 2024, as the benefit from an increase in the share of room nights booked by consumers coming directly to our platforms was partially offset by lower performance marketing ROIs driven by changes in paid traffic mix and increased spend in social media channels. Sales and Other Expenses Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 Sales and other expenses $ 3,453 $ 3,120 10.6 % % of Total gross bookings 1.9 % 1.9 % % of Total revenues 12.8 % 13.1 % Sales and other expenses, which are substantially variable in nature, increased year-over-year in 2025 due primarily to an increase in merchant transaction costs of $381 million related to the ongoing shift from agency to merchant transactions at Booking.com, as well as due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Sales and other expenses as a percentage of total revenues decreased year-over-year in 2025 due to efficiencies in third-party customer service costs, as well as lower provisions for expected credit losses, partially offset by the impact of increased merchant transactions, which grew faster than total revenue. 31 Personnel Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 Personnel $ 3,403 $ 3,354 1.5 % % of Total revenues 12.6 % 14.1 % Personnel expenses increased year-over-year in 2025 primarily due to increases in salary expenses and bonus expense accruals, both of which were increased by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The year-over-year increase in personnel expenses in 2025 was partially offset by a $176 million reduction in the accrual related to the Netherlands pension fund matter. Employee headcount of approximately 24,300 as of December 31, 2025 was in line with December 31, 2024. General and Administrative Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 General and administrative $ 857 $ 1,036 (17.2) % % of Total revenues 3.2 % 4.4 % General and administrative expenses decreased year-over-year in 2025 due to the impact of the $337 million accrual in 2024 related to the settlement of certain Italian indirect tax matters, partially offset by $89 million in expense in 2025 related to certain other indirect tax matters. In addition, the year-over-year decrease in general and administrative expenses in 2025 was impacted by a $78 million reduction in 2024 in the accrual related to the fine imposed by the Spanish competition authority. Information Technology Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 Information technology $ 908 $ 771 17.8 % % of Total revenues 3.4 % 3.2 % Information technology expenses increased year-over-year in 2025 due primarily to an increase in cloud computing costs, as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Depreciation and Amortization Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 Depreciation and amortization $ 623 $ 591 5.4 % % of Total revenues 2.3 % 2.5 % Depreciation and amortization expenses increased year-over-year in 2025 due primarily to increased depreciation of computer equipment, as well as amortization expense related to internally-developed software. Impairment Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2025 2024 Impairment $ 457 $ See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Transformation Costs Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2025 2024 Transformation costs $ 205 $ 34 See "Trends" above for additional information on the Transformation Program. For the year ended December 31, 2025, Program related costs primarily consist of employee termination benefits and professional fees. See Note 20 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 32 Interest Expense and Interest and Dividend Income Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 Interest expense $ (1,617) $ (1,295) 24.9 % Interest and dividend income 921 1,114 (17.3) % Interest expense increased year-over-year in 2025 primarily due to the amortization of debt discount related to the convertible senior notes (see Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements) and the issuance of senior notes in November 2024. Interest and dividend income decreased year-over-year in 2025 primarily due to lower interest rates, partially offset by higher money market fund investment balances. In addition, we have certain cash management activities with related interest expense and interest income. Other Income (Expense), Net Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2025 2024 Other income (expense), net $ (1,297) $ (82) See Note 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Income Taxes Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2025 2024 Income tax expense $ 1,428 $ 1,410 1.3 % % of Income before income taxes 20.9 % 19.3 % Our 2025 effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21%, primarily due to the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax (as defined below) and U.S. federal tax credits, partially offset by higher international tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses, and U.S. federal tax associated with our international earnings. Our 2024 effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21%, primarily due to the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax and a reduction to our 2018 federal one-time deemed repatriation liability under the Tax Act, resulting from a 2024 U.S. Tax Court decision in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. vs. Commissioner (the "Varian Decision"), partially offset by higher international tax rates, non-deductible expenses related to the convertible senior notes and certain other non-deductible expenses, unrecognized tax benefits, and U.S. federal tax associated with our international earnings. Our effective tax rate was higher for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to the reduction to our 2018 federal one-time deemed repatriation liability under the Tax Act, that was recorded during 2024, resulting from the Varian Decision, and higher international tax rates, partially offset by an increase in the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax and lower unrecognized tax benefits. Under Dutch corporate income tax law, income generated from qualifying innovative activities is taxed at a rate of 9% ("Innovation Box Tax") rather than the Dutch statutory rate of 25.8%. A portion of Booking.com's earnings during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 qualified for Innovation Box Tax treatment, which had a significant beneficial impact on our effective tax rates for these periods. For more information, see Part I, Item 1, Risk Factors - " We may not be able to maintain our "Innovation Box Tax" benefit ." Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2024 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023 For a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, see Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 20, 2025. 33 Liquidity and Capital Resources Our primary source of funds for operations is the cash flow that we generate from operations. We have a variety of uses for our cash, including ongoing investments in our business, share repurchases, dividends, repayment of debt, and capital expenditures. Our continued access to sources of liquidity depends on multiple factors. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " Our liquidity, credit ratings, and ongoing access to capital could be materially and negatively affected by global financial conditions and events. " Our financial results and prospects are almost entirely dependent on facilitating the sale of travel-related services. Marketing expenses, sales and other expenses, and personnel expenses are our most significant operating expenses. See our Consolidated Statements of Operations and "Trends" and "Results of Operations" above for additional information. We believe that our existing cash balances, liquid resources, and access to capital markets will be sufficient to fund our operating activities and other obligations in the short term and into the foreseeable future. Cash, cash equivalents, and investments At December 31, 2025, we had $17.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments, of which approximately $12.2 billion is held by our international subsidiaries. Cash, cash equivalents, and long-term investments held by our international subsidiaries are denominated primarily in Euros, U.S. Dollars, and British Pounds Sterling. Our investment policy seeks to preserve capital and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet operational and other needs of the business. See Notes 5 and 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Deferred merchant bookings Deferred merchant bookings of $5.3 billion at December 31, 2025 includes cash payments received from travelers in advance of us completing our performance obligations and are comprised principally of amounts estimated to be payable to travel service providers as well as our estimated future revenues for our commission or margin and fees. The amounts are mostly subject to refunds for cancellations. Debt Our revolving credit facility extends a revolving line of credit up to $2 billion to us. As of December 31, 2025, we are in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio covenant under the facility, which is a condition to our ability to borrow. Our outstanding senior notes at December 31, 2025 had cumulative interest to maturity (based on coupon interest rates) of $5.7 billion, with $662 million payable within the next twelve months. See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Share repurchases and dividends In the first quarter of 2025, our Board of Directors (the "Board") authorized a program to repurchase up to $20 billion of our common stock. At December 31, 2025, we had a total remaining authorization of $21.8 billion related to share repurchase programs authorized by the Board. In February 2026, the Board declared a cash dividend of $10.50 per share of common stock, payable on March 31, 2026 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 6, 2026. See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Commitments, contingencies, and other At December 31, 2025, we had, in the aggregate, $1.1 billion of non-cancellable purchase obligations individually greater than $10 million, of which $361 million is payable within the next twelve months. Such purchase obligations relate to agreements to purchase goods and services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify significant terms, including the quantities to be purchased, price provisions, and the approximate timing of the transaction. At December 31, 2025, we had lease obligations of $798 million, of which $143 million is payable within the next twelve months. See Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. At December 31, 2025, we had a remaining transition tax liability of $257 million as a result of the Tax Act, which is included in "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Due to the Varian Decision, a portion of our total transition tax liability may be refunded. In accordance with the Tax Act, generally, future repatriation of our international cash will not be subject to a U.S. federal income tax liability as a dividend, but will be subject to U.S. state income taxes and international withholding taxes, which have been accrued by us. See Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to the standby letters of credit and bank guarantees issued on our behalf. 34 See Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements and Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors - "Our business is subject to various competition, consumer protection, and online commerce laws and regulations around the world, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business in these areas may intensify" for information related to certain regulatory matters and our other contingent liabilities. Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements and Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors - " We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities " for information related to certain tax assessments and other tax matters. See "Trends" above for information on the Transformation Program, including the estimated annual run rate savings and restructuring costs and accelerated investments required for the program. Cash Flow Analysis Year Ended December 31, 2025 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024 See our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for additional information related to our cash flows. Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 9,409 $ 8,323 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (313) 129 Net cash used in financing activities (8,915) (4,204) Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 resulted from net income of $5.4 billion, a favorable net impact from adjustments for non-cash and other items of $3.5 billion, and a favorable net change in working capital and other assets and liabilities of $535 million. Non-cash and other items were principally associated with the unrealized foreign currency transaction losses related to Euro-denominated debt, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, deferred income taxes, impairment, provision for expected credit losses and chargebacks, and adjustments related to the convertible senior notes. For the year ended December 31, 2025, deferred merchant bookings and other current liabilities increased by $796 million and accounts receivable increased by $730 million, primarily due to higher business volumes. Merchant revenues increased while agency revenues decreased year-over-year in 2025 due to the ongoing shift from agency to merchant revenues at Booking.com. Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 resulted from net income of $5.9 billion, a favorable net impact from adjustments for non-cash and other items of $2.1 billion, and a favorable net change in working capital and other assets and liabilities of $367 million. Non-cash and other items were principally associated with the loss related to the convertible senior notes, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, unrealized foreign currency transaction gains related to Euro-denominated debt, provision for expected credit losses and chargebacks, and operating lease amortization. For the year ended December 31, 2024, deferred merchant bookings and other current liabilities increased by $1.4 billion and accounts receivable increased by $506 million, primarily due to higher business volumes, partially offset by faster accounts receivable collections in 2024. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 resulted principally from payments for property and equipment. Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 principally resulted from proceeds from the maturity of investments of $590 million, partially offset by payments for property and equipment of $429 million. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 resulted principally from payments for the repurchase of common stock of $6.4 billion, including share repurchases of our common stock withheld to satisfy employee withholding tax obligations related to stock-based compensation, payments on the maturity and redemption of debt of $5.0 billion, and dividends of $1.2 billion, partially offset with proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of $3.7 billion. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 principally resulted from payments for the repurchase of common stock of $6.5 billion, including share repurchases of our common stock withheld to satisfy employee withholding tax obligations related to stock-based compensation, payments on the maturity and conversion of debt of $1.3 billion, and dividends of $1.2 billion, partially offset with proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of $4.8 billion. Year Ended December 31, 2024 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023 For a comparison of our cash flow activities for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, see Cash Flow Analysis in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 20, 2025. 35 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We have exposure to several types of market risk, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity prices. We manage our exposure to interest rate risk and foreign currency risk through internally established policies and procedures and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. We use foreign currency exchange derivative contracts to manage short-term foreign currency risk. The objective of our policies is to mitigate potential income statement, cash flow, and fair value exposures resulting from possible future adverse fluctuations in rates. We evaluate our exposure to market risk by assessing the anticipated near-term and long-term fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. This evaluation includes the review of leading market indicators, discussions with financial analysts and investment bankers regarding current and future economic conditions, and the review of market projections as to expected future rates. We utilize this information to determine our own investment strategies as well as to determine if the use of derivative financial instruments is appropriate to mitigate any potential future market exposure that we may face. Our policy does not allow speculation in derivative instruments for profit or, except in certain limited situations, execution of derivative instrument contracts for which there are no underlying exposures. We do not use financial instruments for trading purposes and are not a party to any leveraged derivatives. To the extent that changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates affect general economic conditions, we would also be affected by such changes. See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our outstanding senior notes. A hypothetical 100 basis point (1.0%) decrease in interest rates would have resulted in an increase in the estimated fair value of our nonconvertible debt of approximately $1.1 billion and $930 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. We face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates as the financial results and the financial condition of our businesses outside of the U.S., which represent a substantial majority of our financial results, are translated from local currencies (principally Euros and British Pounds Sterling) into U.S. Dollars. For example, our total gross bookings increased year-over-year by 12% in 2025, but without the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates our total gross bookings increased year-over-year on a constant currency basis by approximately 10%. Our total revenues increased year-over-year by 13% in 2025, including a benefit of about 3% from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. See Notes 6, 12, and 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements and Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information about foreign currency transaction gains and losses, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the impact of such changes on the increase in our revenues and operating margins, our use of foreign currency exchange derivatives, and our designation of certain portions of our Euro-denominated debt as a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of the net investment in certain Euro functional currency subsidiaries. We generally enter into foreign currency exchange derivatives to hedge our exposure to the impact of movements in foreign currency exchange rates on our transactional balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. We will continue to evaluate the use of derivative instruments in the future. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we also designated certain portions of the aggregate principal value of our Euro-denominated debt as a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of the net investment in certain Euro functional currency subsidiaries. Foreign currency transaction gains or losses are dependent on the amount of net assets of the Euro functional currency subsidiaries, the amount of the Euro-denominated debt that is designated as a hedge, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. See Notes 5 and 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our investments in equity securities of publicly-traded companies and private entities. We are exposed to equity price risk as it relates to changes in fair values of these investments. Our investments in private entities are measured at cost less impairment, if any. Such investments are also required to be measured at fair value as of the date of certain observable transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. A hypothetical 10% decrease in the fair values at December 31, 2025 and 2024 of our investments in equity securities of publicly-traded companies and private entities would have resulted in a loss, before tax, of approximately $60 million and $55 million, respectively, being recognized in net income. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The following Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (See Part IV, Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules): Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2025 and 2024; Consolidated Statements of Operations, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit, and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023; Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements; and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 36 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures . Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025 . Our independent registered public accounting firm also attested to and reported on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Changes in Internal Controls. We continue to monitor ongoing changes to systems and processes to determine the impact on internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2025 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 37 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Booking Holdings Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Booking Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 , of the Company and our report dated February 18, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying "Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting". Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Stamford, Connecticut February 18, 2026 38 Item 9B. Other Information None . Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information required by Part III, Item 10 will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference. The Company has adopted an insider trading policy which governs transactions in our securities by the Company's directors, officers, employees, contractors, and consultants, as well as by the Company itself. The Company believes that its insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Company's insider trading policy is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 19.1. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information required by Part III, Item 11 will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information required by Part III, Item 12 will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Information required by Part III, Item 13 will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Information required by Part III, Item 14 will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) List of Documents Filed as a Part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: The following Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2025 and 2024; Consolidated Statements of Operations, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit, and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023; Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements; Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; and Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Booking Holdings Inc.). Other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto. 39 (b) Exhibits In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. Some agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: should not be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10 K and the Company's other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. Exhibit Number Description 3.1 (a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 3.2 (b) Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated as of June 4, 2021. 3.3 (yy) Amended and Restated By-Laws of Booking Holdings Inc., dated as of October 16, 2025. 4.1 Reference is hereby made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, and 3.3. 4.2 (c) Specimen Certificate for the Company's Common Stock. 4.3 (d) Indenture, dated as of September 23, 2014, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee. 4.4 (e) Indenture, dated as of August 8, 2017, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 4.5 (f) Form of 1.800% Senior Note due 2027. 4.6 (g) Officers' Certificate, dated March 3, 2015, for the 1.800% Senior Notes due 2027. 4.7 (h) Form of 3.650% Senior Note due 2025. 4.8 (i) Officers' Certificate, dated March 13, 2015, for the 3.650% Senior Notes due 2025. 4.9 (j) Form of 3.600% Senior Note due 2026. 4.10 (j) Officers' Certificate, dated May 23, 2016, for the 3.600% Senior Notes due 2026. 4.11 (k) Form of 3.550% Senior Note due 2028. 4.12 (k) Officers' Certificate, dated August 15, 2017, with respect to the 3.550% Senior Notes due 2028. 4.13 (z) Description of the Company's Common Stock Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.14 (z) Description of the Company's 2.375% Senior Notes due 2024 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.15 (z) Description of the Company's 1.800% Senior Notes due 2027 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.16 (ee) Description of the Company's 0.500% Senior Notes due 2028 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.17 (x) Form of 4.625% Senior Note due 2030. 4.18 (x) Officers' Certificate, dated April 13, 2020, with respect to the 4.625% Senior Notes due 2030. 4.19 (x) Form of 0.750% Convertible Senior Note due 2025. 4.20 (x) Indenture, dated as of April 14, 2020, between Booking Holdings Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 4.21 (l) Form of 0.500% Senior Note due 2028. 4.22 (l) Officers' Certificate, dated March 8, 2021, with respect to the 0.500% Senior Notes due 2028. 4.23 (ff) Form of 4.000% Senior Note due 2026. 4.24 (ff) Officers' Certificate, dated November 15, 2022, with respect to the 4.000% Senior Notes due 2026. 4.25 (ff) Form of 4.250% Senior Note due 2029. 4.26 (ff) Officers' Certificate, dated November 15, 2022, with respect to the 4.250% Senior Notes due 2029. 4.27 (ff) Form of 4.500% Senior Note due 2031. 40 Exhibit Number Description 4.28 (ff) Officers' Certificate, dated November 15, 2022, with respect to the 4.500% Senior Notes due 2031. 4.29 (ff) Form of 4.750% Senior Note due 2034. 4.30 (ff) Officers' Certificate, dated November 15, 2022, with respect to the 4.750% Senior Notes due 2034. 4.31 (ii) Description of the Company's 4.000% Senior Notes due 2026 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.32 (ii) Description of the Company's 4.250% Senior Notes due 2029 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.33 (ii) Description of the Company's 4.500% Senior Notes due 2031 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.34 (ii) Description of the Company's 4.750% Senior Notes due 2034 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.35 (jj) Form of 3.625% Senior Note due 2028. 4.36 (jj) Officers' Certificate, dated May 12, 2023, with respect to the 3.625% Senior Notes due 2028. 4.37 (jj) Form of 4.125% Senior Note due 2033. 4.38 (jj) Officers' Certificate, dated May 12, 2023, with respect to the 4.125% Senior Notes due 2033. 4.39 (jj) Agency Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2023, by and between Booking Holdings Inc., as issuer, Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as transfer agent, registrar, and trustee. 4.40 (rr) Description of the Company's 3.625% Senior Notes due 2028 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.41 (rr) Description of the Company's 4.125% Senior Notes due 2033 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.42 (ss) Form of 3.500% Senior Note due 2029. 4.43 (ss) Officers' Certificate, dated March 1, 2024, with respect to the 3.500% Senior Notes due 2029. 4.44 (ss) Form of 3.625% Senior Note due 2032. 4.45 (ss) Officers' Certificate, dated March 1, 2024, with respect to the 3.625% Senior Notes due 2032. 4.46 (ss) Form of 3.750% Senior Note due 2036. 4.47 (ss) Officers' Certificate, dated March 1, 2024, with respect to the 3.750% Senior Notes due 2036. 4.48 (ss) Form of 4.000% Senior Note due 2044. 4.49 (ss) Officers' Certificate, dated March 1, 2024, with respect to the 4.000% Senior Notes due 2044. 4.50 (ss) Agency Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2024, by and between Booking Holdings Inc., as issuer, Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as transfer agent, registrar, and trustee. 4.51 (tt) Form of 3.250% Senior Notes due 2032. 4.52 (tt) Officers' Certificate, dated November 21, 2024, with respect to the 3.250% Senior Notes due 2032. 4.53 (tt) Form of 3.750% Senior Notes due 2037. 4.54 (tt) Officers' Certificate, dated November 21, 2024, with respect to the 3.750% Senior Notes due 2037. 4.55 (tt) Form of 3.875% Senior Notes due 2045. 4.56 (tt) Officers' Certificate, dated November 21, 2024, with respect to the 3.875% Senior Notes due 2045. 4.57 (tt) Agency Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2024, by and between Booking Holdings Inc., as issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as paying agent, transfer agent, registrar, and trustee. 4.58 (zz) Description of the Company's 3.500% Senior Notes due 2029 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.59 (zz) Description of the Company's 3.625% Senior Notes due 2032 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.60 (zz) Description of the Company's 3.750% Senior Notes due 2036 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.61 (zz) Description of the Company's 4.000% Senior Notes due 2044 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.62 (zz) Description of the Company's 3.250% Senior Notes due 2032 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.63 (zz) Description of the Company's 3.750% Senior Notes due 2037 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.64 (zz) Description of the Company's 3.875% Senior Notes due 2045 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.65 (aaa) Form of 3.125% Senior Note due 2031. 4.66 (aaa) Officers' Certificate, dated May 9, 2025, with respect to the 3.125% Senior Note due 2031. 4.67 (aaa) Form of 4.125% Senior Note due 2038. 41 Exhibit Number Description 4.68 (aaa) Officers' Certificate, dated May 9, 2025, with respect to the 4.125% Senior Note due 2038. 4.69 (aaa) Form of 4.500% Senior Note due 2046. 4.70 (aaa) Officers' Certificate, dated May 9, 2025, with respect to the 4.500% Senior Note due 2046. 4.71 (aaa) Agency Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2025, by and between Booking Holdings Inc., as issuer, U.S. Bank Europe DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as transfer agent, registrar and trustee. 4.72 (bbb) Form of 3.000% Senior Note due 2030. 4.73 (bbb) Officers' Certificate, dated November 7, 2025, with respect to the 3.000% Senior Note due 2030. 4.74 (bbb) Form of 3.625% Senior Note due 2035. 4.75 (bbb) Officers' Certificate, dated November 7, 2025, with respect to the 3.625% Senior Note due 2035. 4.76 (bbb) Agency Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2025, by and between Booking Holdings Inc., as issuer, U.S. Bank Europe DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as transfer agent, registrar and trustee. 4.77 Description of the Company's 3.125% Senior Notes due 2031 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.78 Description of the Company's 4.125% Senior Notes due 2038 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.79 Description of the Company's 4.500% Senior Notes due 2046 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.80 Description of the Company's 3.000% Senior Notes due 2030 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 4.81 Description of the Company's 3.625% Senior Notes due 2035 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 10.1 (b)+ Booking Holdings Inc. 1999 Omnibus Plan (as amended and restated effective June 3, 2021). 10.2 (m)+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for awards under the 1999 Omnibus Plan to non-employee directors. 10.3 (aa)+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for awards under the 1999 Omnibus Plan. 10.4 (bb)+ Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the Company's 1999 Omnibus Plan. 10.5 (n)+ Amended and Restated KAYAK Software Corporation 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 10.6 (n)+ OpenTable, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Award Plan. 10.7 (o)+ Buuteeq, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan. 10.8 (p)+ Amended and Restated Rocket Travel, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan. 10.9 (p)+ Amended and Restated Annual Bonus Plan. 10.10 (q)+ Form of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement. 10.11 (r)+ Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 21, 2015, by and between the Company and Peter J. Millones. 10.12 (s)+ Employment Agreement, dated December 15, 2016, by and between the Company and Glenn D. Fogel. 10.13 (s)+ Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated December 15, 2016, by and between the Company and Glenn D. Fogel. 10.14 (s)+ Employee Confidentiality and Assignment Agreement, dated December 15, 2016, by and between the Company and Glenn D. Fogel. 10.15 (t)+ Employment Agreement, dated January 19, 2018, between the Company and David I. Goulden. 10.16 (t)+ Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated March 1, 2018, between the Company and David I. Goulden. 10.17 (t)+ Employee Confidentiality and Assignment Agreement, dated January 19, 2018, between the Company and David I. Goulden. 10.18 (u) Credit Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2019, among the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 10.19 (gg)+ Letter Agreement, dated October 24, 2019, by and between the Company and Glenn D. Fogel. 10.20 (v)+ Form of Employee Confidentiality and Assignment Agreement. 10.21 (w) Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 7, 2020, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2019, by and among the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 10.22 (y) Amendment No. 2, dated as of October 28, 2020, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2019, by and among the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 10.23 (cc)+ Letter Amendment to 2018 PSU Award and 2019 PSU Award Agreements with Glenn D. Fogel dated January 28, 2021. 10.24 (cc)+ Letter Amendment to 2018 PSU Award and 2019 PSU Award Agreements with David I. Goulden dated January 28, 2021. 42 Exhibit Number Description 10.25 (cc)+ Letter Amendment to 2018 PSU Award and 2019 PSU Award Agreements with Peter J. Millones dated January 28, 2021. 10.26 (dd)+ Letter Agreement, dated July 31, 2021, by and between the Company and Paulo Pisano. 10.27 (ee) Amendment No. 3, dated as of December 22, 2021, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2019, by and among the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 10.28 (hh) Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of the Booking Campus in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, dated as of December 14, 2022, by and among Booking.com Real Estate Amsterdam B.V., as the Seller, D-IE WIIS Oosterdok Co peratief U.A., as the Purchaser, and Booking.com Holding B.V., as the Guarantor. 10.29 (kk) Amendment No. 4, dated as of January 6, 2023, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2019, by and among the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 10.30 (ll)+ Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the Company's 1999 Omnibus Plan. 10.31 (ll)+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Company's 1999 Omnibus Plan. 10.32 (ll)+ Letter Agreement, dated February 23, 2023, by and between the Company and David I. Goulden. 10.33 (mm)* Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023, among the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent. 10.34 (nn)+ Employment Agreement, dated December 4, 2019, by and between Booking.com International BV and Paulo Pisano. 10.35 (oo)+ Description of Termination Pay Policy, effective as of April 5, 2023. 10.36 (pp)+ Employment Agreement, dated December 1, 2023, by and between the Company and Ewout Steenbergen. 10.37 (pp)+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Company's 1999 Omnibus Plan. 10.38 (pp)+ Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated December 1, 2023, by and between the Company and Ewout L. Steenbergen. 10.39 (pp)+ Employee Confidentiality and Assignment Agreement, dated December 4, 2023, by and between the Company and Ewout L. Steenbergen. 10.40 (uu)+ Letter Agreement Amendment, dated January 18, 2024 by and between the Company and David I. Goulden. 10.41 (vv)+ Letter Agreement Amendment, dated April 4, 2024 by and between the Company and David I. Goulden. 10.42 (ww)+ Additional Letter Agreement, dated December 18, 2024, by and between the Company and David I. Goulden. 10.43 (ccc)+ Supervisory Board Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2025. 19.1 (zz) Booking Holdings Inc. Insider Trading Policies and Procedures 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in the Signature Page). 31.1 Certification of Glenn D. Fogel, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Ewout L. Steenbergen, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 (qq) Certification of Glenn D. Fogel, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code). 32.2 (qq) Certification of Ewout L. Steenbergen, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code). 97.1 (rr) Booking Holdings Inc. Financial Restatement Recovery Policy. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). ____________________________ + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. * Schedules or similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish copies of any of the omitted schedules or similar attachments upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. (a) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2018 (File No. 1-36691). (b) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2021 (File No. 1-36691). (c) Previously filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 18, 1999 (File No. 333-69657). (d) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2015 (File No. 1-36691). 43 (e) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on August 8, 2017 (File No. 333-219800). (f) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2015 (File No. 1-36691). (g) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2015 (File No. 1-36691). (h) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2015 (File No. 1-36691). (i) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2015 (File No. 1-36691). (j) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2016 (File No. 1-36691). (k) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2017 (File No. 1-36691). (l) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2021 (File No. 1-36691). (m) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8 K filed on March 9, 2011 (File No. 0-25581). (n) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8 K filed on March 3, 2017 (File No. 1-36691). (o) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 13, 2014 (File No. 333-196756). (p) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File No. 1-36691). (q) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2013 (File No. 0-25581). (r) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2015 (File No. 1-36691). (s) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016 (File No. 1-36691). (t) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2018 (File No. 1-36691). (u) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2019 (File No. 1-36691). (v) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2019 (File No. 1-36691). (w) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2020 (File No. 1-36691). (x) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2020 (File No. 1-36691). (y) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2020 (File No. 1-36691). (z) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2020 (File No. 1-36691). (aa) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020 (File No. 1-36691) (bb) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 2020 (File No. 1-36691) (cc) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2021 (File No. 1-36691) (dd) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2021 (File No. 1-36691) (ee) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2022 (File No. 1-36691). (ff) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2022 (File No. 1-36691). (gg) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2019 (File No. 1-36691). (hh) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 1-36691). (ii) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2023 (File No. 1-36691). (jj) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023 (File No. 1-36691). (kk) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2023 (File No. 1-36691). (ll) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2023 (File No. 1-36691). (mm) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2023 (File No. 1-36691). (nn) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2023 (File No. 1-36691). (oo) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 11, 2023 (File No. 1-36691). (pp) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2023 (File No. 1-36691). (qq) This document is being furnished in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 33 8212 and 34 47551. (rr) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2024 (File No. 1-36691). (ss) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2024 (File No. 1-36691). (tt) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2024 (File No. 1-36691). (uu) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2024 (File No. 1-36691). (vv) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2024 (File No. 1-36691). (ww) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2024 (File No. 1-36691) (xx) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2024 (File No. 1-36691). (yy) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2025 (File No. 1-36691). (zz) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 20, 2025 (File No. 1-36691). (aaa) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2025 (File No. 1-36691). (bbb) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 7, 2025 (File No. 1-36691). (ccc) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2025 (File No. 1-36691). 44 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 45 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. By: /s/ Glenn D. Fogel Name: Glenn D. Fogel Title: Chief Executive Officer and President Date: February 18, 2026 Power of Attorney KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Glenn D. Fogel, Ewout L. Steenbergen, and Peter J. Millones, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully and for all intents and purposes as he or she might do or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 46 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Robert J. Mylod Jr. Director, Chair of the Board February 18, 2026 Robert J. Mylod Jr. /s/ Glenn D. Fogel Director, Chief Executive Officer and President February 18, 2026 Glenn D. Fogel /s/ Ewout L. Steenbergen Executive Vice President and Chief Financial February 18, 2026 Ewout L. Steenbergen Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Susana D'Emic Chief Accounting Officer and Controller February 18, 2026 Susana D'Emic (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Mirian Graddick-Weir Director February 18, 2026 Mirian Graddick-Weir /s/ Kelly Grier Director February 18, 2026 Kelly Grier /s/ Charles H. Noski Director February 18, 2026 Charles H. Noski /s/ Larry Quinlan Director February 18, 2026 Larry Quinlan /s/ Lynn Radakovich Director February 18, 2026 Lynn Radakovich /s/ Nicholas J. Read Director February 18, 2026 Nicholas J. Read /s/ Thomas E. Rothman Director February 18, 2026 Thomas E. Rothman /s/ Sumit Singh Director February 18, 2026 Sumit Singh /s/ Vanessa A. Wittman Director February 18, 2026 Vanessa A. Wittman 47 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 34 ) 49 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2025 and 2024 52 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 53 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 54 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 55 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 56 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 57 48 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Booking Holdings Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Booking Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations,