=== BKNG_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The risk factors section should be carefully considered in full, in addition to other information appearing in this Form 10-K, including Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Industry and Business Risks Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our financial results depend upon sales of travel services, which can fluctuate based on consumer discretionary spending levels. Demand for and sales of travel services often decline during periods of perceived or actual adverse economic conditions and times of political or economic uncertainty. Economic and political uncertainty can negatively impact transaction growth rates, cancellation rates, and accommodation average daily rates ("ADRs"). If there are lower ADRs, it generally has a negative effect on our revenues and results of operations. Macroeconomic uncertainties and geopolitical tensions have caused, and in the future may cause, significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, stock markets, and oil prices, which can impact consumer travel behavior. The uncertainty of these factors makes it difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends, which could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and our results of operations. Other events beyond our control such as pandemics, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, trade disputes, sanctions, wars and regional hostilities, political unrest, travel-related accidents, or overtourism may result in declines in demand or travel restrictions, which could negatively impact our business. These events and their impacts are largely unpredictable and can abruptly affect consumer travel behavior and relationships with travel service providers and partners, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Intense competition could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance. We operate in highly competitive and rapidly evolving global markets for travel and restaurant reservation services. Barriers to entry are low, and we compete with online travel companies ("OTCs"), travel service providers offering direct booking (such as airlines, hotels, and rental car companies), traditional travel agencies and operators, companies offering travel-related software, payments, or technology solutions, financial services and credit card companies, and global technology companies with significantly greater scale, data, and financial resources. For example, Google links travel search to its dominant search engine and has integrated travel products into Google Maps and its Gemini generative AI ("Gen AI") offering. Other large technology platforms and AI-native competitors are developing Gen AI-powered assistants and agents that can search, compare, recommend, and facilitate travel and dining reservations directly within their search engines, operating systems, messaging platforms, or "super-apps." These offerings may reduce consumers choosing to visit dedicated online travel platforms, reducing direct traffic, bookings, and customer relationships. Gen AI also lowers barriers to entry and enables competitors to potentially replicate or improve core functionality, personalize recommendations and pricing, and acquire customers more efficiently through non-travel consumer interactions. AI agents may further evolve into full-service booking platforms, increasing competitive pressure and disintermediating OTCs. If our Gen AI investments are not successful or we are unable to successfully adapt to such changes, our ability to compete, and our business and results of operations, could be adversely affected. 6 For many consumers, the price of a travel service is the primary factor determining whether to book a reservation. Some competitors may operate at minimal or negative margins to gain market share. Travel service providers may offer lower prices through direct or AI-enabled channels, OTC and other competitors may more effectively invest in online marketing channels, and in certain markets we may need to provide discounts or other incentives in order to be competitive, any of which may make it difficult for us to maintain or grow our competitive position or profit margins, and may also result in lower revenues as a percentage of gross bookings. Consolidation among travel service providers or AI-enabled alternative travel offerings could result in lower OTC commission rates, increased discounting, and greater incentives for consumers to join closed-user groups. If we are unable to effectively offer competitive prices, our revenues, competitive position, business, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We face risks related to the growth rate and the global expansion of our business. We derive a substantial portion of our gross bookings from countries outside the United States. The growth rate of our operations outside the United States have generally declined over time as the absolute level of our gross bookings increased and online travel growth rates declined, and they may also be impacted by factors such as economic conditions, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, declines in ADRs, increases in cancellations, adverse changes in travel market conditions, and competition. Any decline in the growth rates of our businesses could negatively impact our revenue and earnings growth rates. Many markets may have strong local competitors with an established brand and travel service provider or restaurant relationships making expansion in that market difficult or costly. Certain markets in which we operate have unique localized preferences or lower operating margins, or from time to time have experienced declining or no growth. Some of our current and potential competitors may have greater resources or stronger competitive positions in certain regions than we do, or may be domiciled in different countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory regimes that enable them to compete more effectively than us. Growing our business in such markets could require significant investment, which could have a negative impact on our profit margins. In some markets such as China, local requirements may restrict participation by foreign businesses, making entry into and expansion in those markets costly, difficult, or impossible. If we are unsuccessful in expanding in new and existing markets and managing that expansion, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We believe that the breadth, variety, and quality of accommodations on our platforms helps drive our growth. The market for accommodations covers a wide range of property types including alternative accommodations and companies like Airbnb and Vrbo (owned by Expedia) compete directly with our accommodations businesses. The growth rate of accommodations on our platforms may vary in part due to removing accommodations from time to time. Many newer accommodations may have fewer rooms or higher credit risk and may appeal to a smaller subset of customers (e.g., hostels and bed and breakfasts). If occupancy rates increase, accommodation providers often limit their offerings to OTCs. Also, certain jurisdictions have instituted regulations intended to address overtourism, including by restricting accommodation offerings near popular tourist destinations, which may result in constraints on the number of listings or available accommodation room nights or decreased demand, which could negatively impact our growth rate and results of operations. We are dependent on travel service providers, restaurants, search platforms, and other third parties. We rely on third parties to make their services available to consumers for reservation through us. Our travel service providers are generally not required to make available any specific quantity of reservations, or to make reservations available in any geographic area, for any particular route, or at any particular price. Our restaurants are generally not required to provide all of their available tables and reservations to consumers through us. Our arrangements with OTCs and travel service providers to provide information in connection with KAYAK's meta-search services are non-exclusive and terminable with little notice. A significant reduction on the part of any of our major travel service providers or restaurants for a sustained period of time or their withdrawal from our services, including due to a provider's bankruptcy or closure, could have an adverse effect on our business, advertising revenue, competitive position, and results of operations. Further, as industry consolidation, including among travel service providers, increases, the potential adverse effect of reduced usage or withdrawal from our services by a significant travel service provider also increases. A significant portion of consumer traffic to our services is derived from third-party platforms, including Google and other search engines, mobile operating systems, app marketplaces, mapping services, and other digital distribution channels. These platforms increasingly incorporate Gen AI features, such as AI-generated answers, assistants, and recommendations, that may satisfy user intent without directing users to our services or may favor the platform's own or affiliated offerings. Changes in algorithms, ranking methodologies, user interfaces, access terms, pricing, or the placement of AI-generated content by these platforms could reduce the visibility of our services, increase customer acquisition costs, or decrease traffic and bookings. In addition, platform providers may restrict data access, limit interoperability, or impose commercial terms that disadvantage us relative to competing or native AI-enabled services. If we are unable to maintain favorable placement, access, or economics across traditional digital search as well as evolving AI-mediated distribution channels, our distribution of travel and restaurant reservations through such third-party distribution channels is likely to decline and our business, competitive position, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 7 We offer a range of insurance products related to our travel offerings, primarily through third-party insurance providers. Our business and reputation may be adversely affected if such providers no longer make such offerings available to us on economically reasonable terms or at all. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological or other market changes. We compete in markets characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, consolidation, frequent product developments, and changing consumer preferences. These characteristics are heightened by the progress of technology adoption, including the continuing adoption of online commerce, growth of mobile transactions and payment, and the development of Gen AI capabilities. We may not be able to keep up with these rapid changes. Our long-term strategy to commercialize the Connected Trip will require increased investments that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments. The development of the Connected Trip is subject to uncertainties, including further development of the verticals and technological capabilities (including integrating Gen AI) necessary for the Connected Trip experience, the ability to collect, store, and use customer data in a compliant and integrated fashion, and the attraction and retention of employees dedicated to this effort. It may take longer than we expect to realize the Connected Trip vision or it may not achieve the expected return on investment. Our ability to offer a variety of appropriate payment solutions is an important part of our Connected Trip vision. These efforts may also be unsuccessful in improving the travel experience or retaining and attracting new customers. Further, regulatory restrictions may impact the ongoing commercialization of the Connected Trip or increase our costs of compliance. With any technical innovation such as the Connected Trip effort, there could be vulnerabilities and other technical failures, which could result in lost business, harm to our brand or reputation, consumer complaints, or other adverse consequences, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may not be able to keep pace with the competitive pressure to innovate. Other companies, including emerging start-ups and large technology companies utilizing proprietary Gen AI or similar capabilities, may innovate or develop new services and technologies faster than we can or may foresee consumer need for new services or technologies before we do. Gen AI and other new technologies could influence how consumers search for and book travel, diminish the relevance or competitiveness of our existing technology and service offerings, or require us to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Consumers increasingly use mobile devices and apps to make online travel bookings, and may in the future use Gen AI-enabled devices to make bookings. The revenues earned on a mobile transaction may be less than a desktop transaction due to different purchasing patterns. To the extent mobile devices or platforms enable users to block advertising content, our advertising revenue and ability to market our brands may also be negatively affected. If we are unable to attract consumers to our mobile platforms, or app store providers like Google and Apple use their app distribution, mobile operating, or payment platforms to favor competing services, our business, competitive position, future growth, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We face risks related to the growth of our alternative accommodations business. As we continue to grow our alternative accommodations business, we face increasing risks relating to claims of liability, regulatory developments, and continued growth and profitability. Alternative accommodations typically consist of single units or a small collection of independent units, and may result in additional costs for us, which can result in more limited booking opportunities and lower profit margins than hotels, motels, and resorts. Further, alternative accommodations may be unavailable during peak periods due to seasonality or owner use. To the extent alternative accommodations represent an increasing percentage of the properties we add to our platforms, we expect that our room-night growth rate and property growth rate will continue to diverge over time, and the number of reservations per property will likely continue to decrease. Additionally, if we don't offer features preferred by alternative accommodation property owners or our competitors have better features, our alternative accommodations business could be negatively impacted. Alternative accommodations are subject to increased risk of claims of liability based on injury, death, discrimination, or criminal activities. We have no control over the actions of our consumers, property owners, or other third parties during a stay, and cannot guarantee the safety of such individuals. We do not systematically verify the safety, quality, and legal compliance of all of our alternative accommodations and rely on property owners to disclose information relating to their listings, which may be inaccurate or incomplete. Booking.com facilitates the provision of partner liability insurance underwritten by third-party insurance providers to protect certain alternative accommodation partners against liability claims, lawsuits for bodily injury, or property damage that occurs during a stay. If applicable, this insurance provides coverage up to $1.0 million equivalent per occurrence (subject to limitations and exclusions). We retain certain financial risks and could be required to pay amounts in excess of the policy limit. Any resulting complaints or claims could result in negative publicity and increased costs, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, and results of operations. Alternative accommodation rules and regulations are complex, evolving, can be inconsistent among individual localities, and could limit or negatively affect property owners' and managers' ability to rent properties. For example, in conjunction with the 8 Digital Services Act ("DSA"), the European Commission (the "EC") imposes obligations around short-term rental property owner registration, property verification, and enforcement of local registration schemes. Some jurisdictions have adopted or are considering restrictions (e.g., license requirements) on the ability to offer alternative accommodations. We have been and are subject to inquiries related to compliance with such requirements that have resulted in fines and could result in additional fines, adversely affect our reputation, or require operational modifications. This dynamic regulatory environment requires us to expend significant time and resources and could negatively impact our alternative accommodations business. We face risks relating to our marketing efforts . We invest considerable resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brands, marketing and other brand building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands, and to attract and retain consumers. Performance marketing costs to grow traffic to our platforms are variable because they are dependent on others' marketing spend in the same channels. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness and acceptance of our brands or if such efforts are not cost-effective, our business, competitive position, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our marketing efficiency, expressed as marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings, and performance marketing return on investment ("ROIs") are impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and are in some cases outside of our control, including ADRs, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign currency exchange rates, our ability to convert traffic to booking consumers, and the timing and effectiveness of our brand marketing campaigns. Marketing efficiency can also be impacted by the extent to which consumers come directly to our platforms for bookings and the economics of distribution channels. If our marketing efforts are less effective at generating new bookings, our marketing efficiency could decrease and our margins, revenues, and earnings growth could be adversely affected. For example, competition for desired placement in search results including among AI-generated or AI-impacted (i.e., by bot or agent activity) results could increase our costs-per-click and negatively impact our marketing efficiency. At times we may pursue a strategy of increasing marketing ROIs, which could negatively affect our gross bookings and revenue growth rates. Pursuing a strategy of improving performance marketing ROIs along with factors such as competitors' actions in the bidding environment, the amount of marketing invested by these channels to generate demand, and overall marketing platform traffic growth trends, may also impact our gross bookings and revenue growth rates. Negative trends in our marketing efficiency, performance marketing ROIs, or consumer shopping activity could negatively impact our business, competitive position, and results of operations. The development and use of Gen AI may result in reputational harm or legal liability and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We use Gen AI in our business, including for internal productivity purposes and in consumer- and partner-facing initiatives such as AI travel assistants, price comparison tools, and as part of enhancing the development of our Connected Trip vision. Our utilization of Gen AI may increase risks related to harmful content, inaccuracies, bias or discrimination, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy, cybersecurity, or other issues. There is a risk that employees, partners, and consumers are overreliant on AI without sufficient human review of outputs. In some instances, we may make use of third-party foundational models that have been pre-trained on data which may be insufficient, erroneous, stale, contain biased information, or infringe intellectual property rights. In addition, some users may also engage in fraudulent or abusive activities through our AI services, such as unauthorized account access, payment fraud, or launching cyberattacks. Our implementation of AI systems could result in legal liability, regulatory action, brand, reputational, or competitive harm, or subject us to new regulatory frameworks (such as the European Union's ("EU") Artificial Intelligence Act). Such risks are heightened if we or third-party developers or vendors lack sufficient responsible AI development or governance practices. If we enable or offer Gen AI solutions that do not comply with regulatory requirements, have unintended consequences, are contrary to responsible AI policies and practices, or are otherwise controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, our reputation, competitive position, business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. We rely on the performance of highly skilled employees and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key employees or hire, retain, and motivate well-qualified employees, our business would be harmed. Our performance relies on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continued ability to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce. Our ability to attract and retain talent could be negatively impacted by factors such as reorganizations and our hybrid work policies. Competition for well-qualified employees, especially software engineers, professionals supporting our Gen AI initiatives, and other technology professionals, is intense and costly. Our customer service resources (including outsource arrangements) may be unable to provide adequate customer service support. Additionally, our Gen AI initiatives could alter our infrastructure and workforce. Our success has led to increased efforts by our competitors and others to hire our employees. These difficulties may be amplified by increased ability to work remotely, evolving restrictions on immigration or availability of visas or work permits for skilled technology workers, requirements of applicable collective bargaining agreements, and laws in certain jurisdictions that make recruiting senior talent more difficult, such as the reductions in the partial tax exemption that benefits certain non-Dutch citizens working in the Netherlands. These factors combined with inflationary pressure on compensation has caused our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent to increase, which may adversely affect our results of operations. If we do not 9 succeed in attracting, and retaining well-qualified employees, our business, ability to grow and innovate, competitive position, reputation, and results of operations would be adversely affected. Impairments of goodwill, long-term investments, and long-lived assets, increases in provisions for expected credit losses on receivables from and cash advances made to our travel service provider and restaurant partners, and increases in cash outlays to refund consumers for prepaid reservations could have a negative impact on our results of operations. During fiscal year 2025, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment test, we recognized goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges. See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The estimation of fair value reflects numerous assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including key assumptions regarding expected growth rates and operating margin, discount rates, and market comparables. It requires significant judgments and estimates and actual results could be materially different than the judgments and estimates used to estimate fair value. Future events and changing market conditions may lead us to re-evaluate our current assumptions and may result in a need to recognize an additional goodwill or long-lived asset impairment charge that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Any significant increase in our provision for expected credit losses, or cash outlays to refund consumers for prepaid reservations, could have a corresponding adverse effect on our results of operations and related cash flows. In some instances, where we had agreed to provide free cancellations to consumers for non-refundable reservations, we did not estimate a recovery of prepayments already made to travel service providers. We may also offer cancellable room rates on behalf of a partner to provide flexibility to our consumers even if the partner has not provided a cancellable room rate, which could have a negative impact on our revenues if we are unable to facilitate booking from another consumer. We face risks related to our operational and technological infrastructures. Our financial results depend on the successful execution of our operating plans. We previously announced certain organizational changes, including the modernization of processes and systems, a reduction in workforce, procurement optimization, and initiatives to achieve real estate savings (the "Transformation Program"). There are no assurances that we will achieve the estimated cost savings goals, realize the expected benefits from the Transformation Program, or manage the Transformation Program effectively. Charges related to the Transformation Program could reduce our profitability in the periods such charges are incurred. Our inability to generate anticipated cost savings, successfully implement our strategies, or efficiently manage our operating plans for the Transformation Program could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Historically, our brands operated on a largely independent basis and many of them focused on particular services or geographies. We continue to optimize collaboration among our brands. As we manage this shift, in addition to managing changes in our workforce we may find it difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture at our brands and throughout the organization. Any future expansion or shift increases the complexity of our business and places additional strain on our management, operations, technical performance, financial resources, and administrative, legal, tax, internal controls, and financial reporting functions. Our employees and outsourced resources, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage such changes and increased complexity, or could result in disruption of our service or customer support, especially as we have employees and outsourced resources around the world and we increase the number and variety of our products and payment systems. We are committed to the enhancement of our operational systems and we face risks deploying information technology, payment processing, enterprise resource planning, and other systems as such initiatives are resource-intensive, may cause operational disruption and could affect our results of operations. Inability to successfully implement or adapt these technologies in a timely manner could adversely affect our business or results of operations. Investments in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. We have invested and in the future may invest in new business strategies and acquisitions of complementary businesses. Such endeavors may not be successful and may involve significant risks and uncertainties including diversion of management's attention, greater than expected liabilities and expenses, increased regulatory scrutiny, failing to obtain required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all, the imposition of conditions that could delay or prevent us from completing a transaction or limit our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction, inadequate return on capital, legal and compliance obligations that previously did not apply to us, integration risks, and unidentified issues not discovered in our evaluations. We may issue shares of our common stock in these transactions, which could result in dilution to our stockholders. Entering new businesses involves risks and costs that could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, profit margins, cash flows or financial condition, as well as on our ability to achieve the expected benefits of any such investments or acquisitions. In addition, we may decide to make minority investments, including through joint ventures, in which we have limited or no management or operational control. The controlling person in such a case may have interests that are inconsistent with ours, and decisions of the company or venture in which we invested may result in harm to our reputation or business or adversely affect the value of our investment. 10 We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses or manage the operation of our internal businesses. The integration of acquired businesses requires significant time and resources, and we may not manage these processes s

=== BKNG_2026-04-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. For a discussion of such risks, please refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the "2025 Form 10-K"). This section supplements the Risk Factors described in the 2025 Form 10-K based on recent developments since the 2025 Form 10-K filing. We face risks related to the conflict in the Middle East. The conflict in the Middle East has resulted in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic disruption, directly impacting travel trends in the Middle East and in other travel corridors such as Europe and Asia. Following the onset of the conflict, we experienced increased cancellations and slower growth in new bookings. In addition to these direct impacts, there could be negative impacts to nearby regions, additional disruption of global energy supplies such as jet fuel, increased energy prices, suspension or cancellation of flights, higher operating costs for travel service providers, elevated prices for consumers, and heightened risks relating to employee safety and cybersecurity incidents, any of which may adversely affect demand for our services, business, and results of operations. Uncertainty relating to the conflict and such follow-on impacts, and how they may affect consumer sentiment, also makes it more difficult to predict future financial results. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table sets forth information relating to repurchases of our equity securities during the three months ended March 31, 2026: ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) (1) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (Dollars in Billions) January 1, 2026 – 3,043,675 (2) $ 206.79 3,043,675 $ 21.2 (2) (3) January 31, 2026 975 (4) $ 212.46 N/A N/A February 1, 2026 – 7,819,900 (2) (3) $ 169.83 7,819,900 $ 19.9 (3) February 28, 2026 2,525 (4) $ 194.67 N/A N/A March 1, 2026 – 9,756,900 (3) $ 171.90 9,756,900 $ 18.2 (3) March 31, 2026 2,134,150 (4) $ 166.17 N/A N/A Total 22,758,125 20,620,475 $ 18.2 (1) These amounts exclude the 1% excise tax mandated by the Inflation Reduction Act on share repurchases. (2) Pursuant to a stock repurchase program announced on February 23, 2023, whereby we were authorized to repurchase up to $20 billion of our common stock. (3) Pursuant to a stock repurchase program announced on February 20, 2025, whereby we were authorized to repurchase up to $20 billion of our common stock. (4) Pursuant to a general authorization, not publicly announced, whereby we are authorized to repurchase shares of our common stock to satisfy employee withholding tax obligations related to stock-based compensation. The table above does not include adjustments during the three months ended March 31, 2026 to previously withheld share amounts that reflect changes to the estimates of employee tax withholding obligations. 30 Item 6. Exhibits The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Exhibit Number Description 3.1 (a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 3.2 (b) Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated as of June 4, 2021. 3 .3 (c) Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated as of April 2, 2026. 3. 4 (d) Amended and Restated By-Laws of Booking Holdings Inc., dated as of October 16, 2025. 31.1 Certification of Glenn D. Fogel, the Chief Executive Officer and President, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Ewout L. Steenbergen, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Glenn D. Fogel, the Chief Executive Officer and President, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Ewout L. Steenbergen, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). (a) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. (b) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. (c) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2026 and incorporated herein by reference. (d) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference. 31 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. (Registrant) Date: April 28, 2026 By: /s/ Ewout L. Steenbergen Name: Ewout L. Steenbergen Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the Registrant and as principal financial officer) 32 