=== [ER] edgar_0001075531-24-000047_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex99193024.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 3 rd Quarter 2024 NORWALK, CT October 30, 2024. . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ BKNG) (the Company, we, our, or us ) today reported its third quarter 2024 financ ial results Room nights booked increased 8% from the prior-year quarter. Gross travel bookings, which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations, were $43.4 billion, an increase of 9% from the prior-year quarter. Total revenues were $8.0 billion, an increase of 9% from the prior-year quarter. Net income was $2.5 billion, which was in line with the prior-year quarter. Net income per diluted common share (EPS) was $74.34, an increase of 7% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted Net income was $2.8 billion, an increase of 9% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted Net income per diluted common share (Adjusted EPS) was $83.89, an increase of 16% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.7 billion, an increase of 12% from the prior-year quarter. During the quarter, the Company recorded a $365 million accrual related to the proposed settlement of certain Italian indirect tax matters, which has been excluded from Adjusted Net income and Adjusted EBITDA. In addition, the Company recorded a reduction of $250 million to income tax expense based upon a recent U.S. Tax Court decision, which has been excluded from Adjusted Net income. For more information regarding these matters, see Notes 11 and 13 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements to be filed with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The section below under the heading Non-GAAP Financial Measures provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, including Adjusted Net income, Adjusted EPS, and Adjusted EBITDA, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial results with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. We are pleased to report third quarter room night growth of 8%, which exceeded our prior expectations, driven primarily by stronger performance in Europe, said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. We continue to make progress against our strategic initiatives while driving cost efficiency in our business, which I believe will position our company well for the long term. Fourth Quarter Dividend Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $8.75 per share, payable on December 31, 2024, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 6, 2024. 1 Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures Adjusted Net income (loss), Adjusted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA, and Free cash flow (Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures). The Company also uses information on (i) the impact of the adjustments required to compute Adjusted Net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA on Sales and other expenses, General and administrative expenses, Depreciation and amortization expenses, Interest and dividend income, Other income (expense), net, and Income tax expense, as reported in the Company's consolidated statements of operations, as applicable, and (ii) Adjusted fixed operating expenses, which is Total operating expenses, as reported in the Company's consolidated statements of operations, adjusted to exclude (a) certain operating expenses which are generally more likely to vary based on changes in business volumes and (b) amounts which are excluded in the computation of Adjusted EBITDA. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular Adjusted Net income (loss), Adjusted EBITDA and Free cash flow, are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for Operating income (loss), Net income (loss) or Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Adjusted Net income (loss) is Net income (loss) with the following adjustments excludes accruals related to the Netherlands pension fund matter (recorded during the year ended December 31, 2023), excludes accruals related to the fine imposed by the Spanish competition authority, excludes accruals related to settlements of certain indirect tax matters, excludes the termination fee related to an acquisition agreement, excludes amortization expense of intangible assets, excludes gains and losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair values, excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and credit losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities and significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and other valuation adjustments on investments in equity securities without

=== [ER] edgar_0001075531-24-000039_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex99163024.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 2 nd Quarter 2024 NORWALK, CT August 1, 2024. . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ BKNG) (the Company, we, our, or us ) today reported its second quarter 2024 financ ial results Room nights booked increased 7% from the prior-year quarter. Gross travel bookings, which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations, were $41.4 billion, an increase of 4% from the prior-year quarter (approximately a 6% increase on a constant-currency basis). Total revenues were $5.9 billion, an increase of 7% from the prior-year quarter (approximately a 9% increase on a constant-currency basis) . Net income was $1.5 billion, an increase of 18% from the prior-year quarter. Net income per diluted common share (EPS) was $44.38, an increase of 27% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted Net income was $1.4 billion, an increase of 3% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted Net income per diluted common share (Adjusted EPS) was $41.90, an increase of 11% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.9 billion, an increase of 7% from the prior-year quarter. The section below under the heading Non-GAAP Financial Measures provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, including Adjusted Net income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EBITDA, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial results with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. In the second quarter, our business continued to perform well with room nights, revenue, and operating income exceeding our prior expectations, said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. As always, we remain focused on what is important for the business for the long term, which means continuing to execute against our strategic initiatives while simultaneously taking actions to drive more cost efficiency in the business. Third Quarter Dividend Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $8.75 per share, payable on September 30, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on September 6, 2024. 1 Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures Adjusted Net income (loss), Adjusted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA and Free cash flow (Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures). The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular Adjusted Net income (loss), Adjusted EBITDA and Free cash flow, are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for Operating income (loss), Net income (loss) or Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Adjusted Net income (loss) is Net income (loss) with the following adjustments excludes accruals related to the Netherlands pension fund matter (recorded during the year ended December 31, 2023), excludes accruals related to the fine imposed by the Spanish competition authority, excludes accruals related to settlements of certain indirect tax matters, excludes the termination fee related to an acquisition agreement, excludes amortization expense of intangible assets, excludes gains and losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair values, excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and credit losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities and significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and other valuation adjustments on investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values, excludes foreign currency transaction gains and losses on the remeasurement of Euro-denominated debt and accrued interest that are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and debt-related foreign currency derivative instruments used as economic hedges, excludes accruals related to the Canadian digital services taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 enacted in June 2024 with retrospective effect, excludes interest received on tax payments refunded pursuant to settlement with authorities, excludes the impact of net unrecognized tax benefits related to certain income tax matters, and the income tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments mentioned above and changes in tax estimates, as applicable. In the event the Company reports a GAAP Net income but an Adjusted Net loss, dilutive shares that are included in the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are excluded from the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. In the event the Company reports a GAAP Net loss but an Adjusted Net income, anti-dilutive shares that are excluded from the GAAP weighted-avera

=== [ER] edgar_0001075531-24-000026_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex99133124.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 1 st Quarter 2024 NORWALK, CT May 2, 2024. . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ BKNG) (the Company, we, our, or us ) today reported its first quarter 2024 financ ial results Gross travel bookings, which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations, were $43.5 billion, an increase of 10% from the prior-year quarter. Room nights booked increased 9% from the prior-year quarter. Total revenues were $4.4 billion, an increase of 17% from the prior-year quarter. Net income was $776 million, an increase of 192% from the prior-year quarter. Net income per diluted common share (EPS) was $22.37, an increase of 220% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted Net income was $708 million, an increase of 61% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted Net income per diluted common share (Adjusted EPS) was $20.39, an increase of 76% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $898 million, an increase of 53% from the prior-year quarter. The section below under the heading Non-GAAP Financial Measures provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, including Adjusted Net income, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted EBITDA, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial results with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. We are pleased to report a strong start to 2024 with first quarter year-over-year growth in room nights of 9%, revenue of 17%, and operating income of 76%, all of which were ahead of our prior expectations, said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. As we continue our work to deliver a better planning, booking, and traveling experience for our travelers, we are seeing encouraging results at Booking.com with increasing direct mix, higher frequency, and more of our travelers moving into the upper Genius loyalty tiers. Second Quarter Dividend Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $8.75 per share, payable on June 28, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 7, 2024. 1 Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures Adjusted Net income (loss), Adjusted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA and Free cash flow (Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures). The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular Adjusted Net income (loss), Adjusted EBITDA and Free cash flow, are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for Operating income (loss), Net income (loss) or Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Adjusted Net income (loss) is Net income (loss) with the following adjustments excludes accruals related to the Netherlands pension fund matter (recorded during the year ended December 31, 2023), excludes accruals related to a draft decision by the Spanish competition authority, excludes accruals related to settlements of certain indirect tax matters, excludes the termination fee related to an acquisition agreement, excludes gains and losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair values, excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and credit losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities and significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and other valuation adjustments on investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values, excludes foreign currency transaction gains and losses on the remeasurement of Euro-denominated debt and accrued interest that are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and debt-related foreign currency derivative instruments used as economic hedges, excludes amortization expense of intangible assets, excludes interest received on tax payments refunded pursuant to settlement with authorities, excludes the impact of net unrecognized tax benefits related to certain income tax matters, and the income tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments mentioned above and changes in tax estimates, as applicable. In the event the Company reports a GAAP Net income but an Adjusted Net loss, dilutive shares that are included in the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are excluded from the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. In the event the Company reports a GAAP Net loss but an Adjusted Net income, anti-dilutive shares that are excluded from the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are included in the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. In addition to the adjustments listed above regard

=== [ER] edgar_0001075531-24-000011_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991123123.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 4 th Quarter and Full Year 2023 and Announces Initiation of a Quarterly Dividend NORWALK, CT February 22, 2024. . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ BKNG) (the Company, we, our, or us ) today reported its fourth quarter and full year 2023 financ ial results and announced the initiation of a quarterly dividend Fourth Quarter 2023 Gross travel bookings, which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations, for the fourth quarter were $31.7 billion, an increase of 16% from the prior-year quarter. Room nights booked increased 9% from the prior-year quarter. Total revenues were $4.8 billion, an increase of 18% from the prior-year quarter. Net income was $222 million, a decrease of 82% from the prior-year quarter. Net income per diluted common share was $6.28, a decrease of 80% from the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $1.1 billion, an increase of 18% from the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP net income per diluted common share was $32.00, an increase of 29% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.5 billion, an increase of 18% from the prior-year quarter. Full Year 2023 Gross travel bookings for the full year 2023 were $150.6 billion, an increase of 24% from the prior year. Room nights booked increased 17% from the prior year. Total revenues were $21.4 billion, an increase of 25% from the prior year. Net income was $4.3 billion, an increase of 40% from the prior year. Net income per diluted common share was $117.40, an increase of 54% from the prior year. Non-GAAP net income was $5.6 billion, an increase of 39% from the prior year. Non-GAAP net income per diluted common share was $152.22, an increase of 52% from the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA was $7.1 billion, an increase of 34% from the prior year. During the fourth quarter and full year 2023, the Company accrued a loss of $276 million related to the Netherlands pension fund matter and a loss of $530 million related to a draft decision by the Spanish competition authority, both of which have been excluded from Non-GAAP net income and Adjusted EBITDA. For more information regarding these matters, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements to be filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 1 The section below under the heading Non-GAAP Financial Measures provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial results with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. We are pleased to report a strong close to 2023 with fourth quarter room nights growing 9% year-over-year or 11% when excluding business associated with Israel, which was significantly impacted by the war. For the full year, we reached a significant milestone with over 1 billion room nights booked on our platforms, and we achieved record levels of gross bookings, revenue, and operating income, said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. We are confident in the long-term growth of leisure travel and in the opportunities ahead for our company as we continue our work to deliver a better offering and experience for our supply partners and our travelers. Initiation of a Quarterly Dividend Our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $8.75 per share, payable on March 28, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 8, 2024. We expect to pay a cash dividend on a quarterly basis going forward, subject to our Board s consideration of, among other things, market conditions and our financial performance and cash flows. 2 Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income (loss), non-GAAP net income (loss) per diluted common share and free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures). The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income (loss) and free cash flow, are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss) or net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Non-GAAP net income (loss) is net income (loss) with the following adjustments excludes accruals related to the Netherlands pension fund matter, excludes accruals related to a draft decision by the Spanish competition authority, excludes accruals related to settlements of certain indirect tax matters, excludes the termination fee related to an acquisition agreement, excludes significant losses on assets classified as held for sale, excludes significant gains 

=== [ER] edgar_0001075531-23-000060_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex99193023.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 3 rd Quarter 2023 NORWALK, CT November 2, 2023. . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ BKNG) (the Company, we, our, or us ) today reported its third quarter 2023 financ ial results Gross travel bookings, which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations, were $39.8 billion, an increase of 24% from the prior-year quarter (approximately a 21% increase on a constant-currency basis). Room nights booked increased 15% from the prior-year quarter. Total revenues were $7.3 billion, an increase of 21% from the prior-year quarter (approximately an 18% increase on a constant-currency basis) . Net income was $2.5 billion, an increase of 51% from the prior-year quarter. Net income per diluted common share was $69.80, an increase of 66% from the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $2.6 billion, an increase of 24% from the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP net income per diluted common share was $72.32, an increase of 36% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.3 billion, an increase of 24% from the prior-year quarter. The section below under the heading Non-GAAP Financial Measures provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial results with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. We are pleased to report record quarterly room nights, gross bookings, revenue, and net income driven by a strong summer travel season, said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. We are encouraged by the resilience of leisure travel demand, and we remain focused on executing against our key strategic priorities, which helps position our business well for the long term. 1 Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income (loss), non-GAAP net income (loss) per diluted common share and free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures). The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income (loss) and free cash flow, are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss) or net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Non-GAAP net income (loss) is net income (loss) with the following adjustments excludes accruals related to settlements of certain indirect tax matters, excludes the termination fee related to an acquisition agreement, excludes significant losses on assets classified as held for sale, excludes significant gains and losses on sale and leaseback transactions, excludes gains and losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair values, excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and credit losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities and significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and other valuation adjustments on investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values, excludes foreign currency transaction gains and losses on the remeasurement of Euro-denominated debt and accrued interest that are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and debt-related foreign currency derivative instruments used as economic hedges, excludes amortization expense of intangible assets, excludes interest received on tax payments refunded pursuant to settlement with authorities, excludes the impact of net unrecognized tax benefits related to certain income tax matters, and the income tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments mentioned above and changes in tax estimates, as applicable. In addition to the adjustments listed above regarding non-GAAP net income (loss), adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation expense, interest expense, and to the extent not included in the adjustments listed above, interest and dividend income, and income tax expense (benefit). In the event the Company reports a GAAP net income but a non-GAAP net loss, dilutive shares that are included in the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are excluded from the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. In the event the Company reports a GAAP net loss but a non-GAAP net income, anti-dilutive shares that are excluded from the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are included in the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currenc

=== [ER] edgar_0001075531-23-000045_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex99163023.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Booking Holdings Reports Financial Results for 2 nd Quarter 2023 NORWALK, CT August 3, 2023. . . Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ BKNG) (the Company, we, our, or us ) today reported its second quarter 2023 financ ial results Gross travel bookings, which refers to the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations, were $39.7 billion, an increase of 15% from the prior-year quarter. Room nights booked increased 9% from the prior-year quarter. Total revenues were $5.5 billion, an increase of 27% from the prior-year quarter. Net income was $1.3 billion, an increase of 51% from the prior-year quarter. Net income per diluted common share was $34.89, an increase of 66% from the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $1.4 billion, an increase of 79% from the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP net income per diluted common share was $37.62, an increase of 97% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.8 billion, an increase of 64% from the prior-year quarter. The section below under the heading Non-GAAP Financial Measures provides definitions and information about the use of non-GAAP financial measures in this press release, and the attached financial and statistical supplement reconciles non-GAAP financial results with Booking Holdings' financial results under GAAP. In the second quarter, we continued to see robust leisure travel demand, which helped drive stronger than expected room nights and gross bookings results in the quarter, said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. We have seen these strong trends continue into July, and we are currently preparing for what we expect to be a record summer travel season in the third quarter. We are particularly excited about our recently announced generative AI-enabled travel assistants at both Priceline and Booking.com, and look forward to learning which elements customers value the most. 1 Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and include all normal and recurring adjustments that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. To supplement the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income (loss), non-GAAP net income (loss) per diluted common share and free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures). The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company uses non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a basis to evaluate performance and set targets for employee compensation programs. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate the Company's ongoing operating performance because they facilitate comparison of the Company's results for the current period and projected next-period results to those of prior periods and to those of its competitors (though other companies may calculate similar non-GAAP financial measures differently from those calculated by the Company). These non-GAAP financial measures, in particular adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income (loss) and free cash flow, are not intended to represent funds available for Booking Holdings' discretionary use and are not intended to represent or to be used as a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss) or net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP measures, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the Company's consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Non-GAAP net income (loss) is net income (loss) with the following adjustments excludes accruals related to settlements of certain indirect tax matters, excludes significant losses on assets classified as held for sale, excludes significant gains and losses on sale and leaseback transactions, excludes gains and losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair values, excludes the impact, if any, of significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and credit losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities and significant gains and losses on the sale of and impairment and valuation adjustments on investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values, excludes foreign currency transaction gains and losses on the remeasurement of Euro-denominated debt and accrued interest that are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and debt-related foreign currency derivative instruments used as economic hedges, excludes amortization expense of intangible assets, excludes interest received on tax payments refunded pursuant to settlement with authorities, excludes the impact of net unrecognized tax benefits related to certain income tax matters, and the income tax impact of the non-GAAP adjustments mentioned above and changes in tax estimates, as applicable. In addition to the adjustments listed above regarding non-GAAP net income (loss), adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation expense, interest expense, and to the extent not included in the adjustments listed above, interest and dividend income, and income tax expense (benefit). In the event the Company reports a GAAP net income but a non-GAAP net loss, dilutive shares that are included in the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are excluded from the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. In the event the Company reports a GAAP net loss but a non-GAAP net income, anti-dilutive shares that are excluded from the GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding are included in the non-GAAP weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding. We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant

=== [ER] CORRECTED-TRANSCRIPT_-Booking-Holdings-Inc-BKNG-US-Q4-2025-Earnings-Call-18-February-2026-4_30-PM-ET.pdf ===
Corrected Transcript 18-Feb-2026 Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q4 2025 Earnings Call Total Pages: 19 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2026 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Corrected Transcript Q4 2025 Earnings Call 18-Feb-2026 CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer, President & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Ewout Lucien Steenbergen Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Booking Holdings, Inc. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... OTHER PARTICIPANTS Mark Mahaney Alexander Robert Lyon Brignall Analyst, Evercore ISI Analyst, Rothschild & Co Global Markets Solutions Ltd. Lee Horowitz Lloyd Walmsley Analyst, Deutsche Bank Research Analyst, Mizuho Securities USA LLC Eric J. Sheridan Trevor Young Analyst, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Analyst, Barclays Capital, Inc. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Booking Holdings' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements in Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. Booking Holdings intends to use the Investor Relations page of its website, ir.bookingholdings.com, to disclose material information for purposes of the SEC's Regulation Fair Disclosure. Booking Holdings encourages investors to monitor this website in addition to other public announcements and SEC filings as information posted on that page could be deemed to be material information. 2 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2026 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q4 2025 Earnings Call Corrected Transcript 18-Feb-2026 And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speaker for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Ewout Steenbergen. Please go ahead, gentlemen. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer, President & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for Booking Holdings' fourth quarter conference call. 2025 was another year of strong execution for us. Despite volatility in the broader global markets, the underlying fundamentals of our business are solid. Travel demand remains resilient and we continue to benefit from our existing global platform, which has positioned us well to serve travelers across geographies, trip types, and customer segments while also developing innovative AI-powered capabilities to serve travelers and partners even better in the future. Throughout the year, we made meaningful progress on the priorities that matter the most for long-term value creation. This month marks the completion of my 26th year at the company. And I remain as optimistic as ever about our opportunities ahead. It's an extraordinary time to be in the travel industry with Generative AI accelerating the pace of innovation and evolving how we deliver our mission, which is, to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. With years of experience applying AI, from early statistical machine learning models to state-of-the-art Generative AI systems, coupled with a deep understanding of traveler intent through our data, we're beginning to deploy these capabilities to drive even more value, personalization, and ease of use for both travelers and partners. I'm excited to share some highlights on this front, as well as progress on our strategic priorities. But first, let me briefly cover our financial highlights from the last quarter and the full year. Our fourth quarter room nights reached 285 million, a 9% year-over-year increase. This exceeded the high-end of our expectations driven by healthy demand across all of our major regions. The better-than-expected room night growth helped drive fourth quarter gross bookings and revenue, both up 16%. Adjusted EBITDA reached $2.2 billion, up 19% from the prior year quarter. Finally, adjusted earnings per share grew 17% year-over-year. Consistent with our prior earnings guidance, I want to note that FX benefited our fourth quarter growth rates by approximately 500 basis points. For the full year, top-line growth metrics are strong with room nights of more than 1.2 billion, an 8% increase yearover-year, and gross bookings and revenue growth up 12% and 13% respectively. We achieved these top-line results while growing our bottom-line even faster with adjusted EBITDA of over $9.9 billion, increasing 20% year-over-year, and adjusted margins reaching 36.9%, or up 193 basis points versus the prior year. One enabler of this margin expansion was our Transformation Program, 

=== [ER] CORRECTED-TRANSCRIPT_-Booking-Holdings-Inc-BKNG-US-Q1-2026-Earnings-Call-28-April-2026-4_30-PM-ET.pdf ===
Corrected Transcript 28-Apr-2026 Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q1 2026 Earnings Call Total Pages: 19 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2026 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Corrected Transcript Q1 2026 Earnings Call 28-Apr-2026 CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer, President & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Ewout Lucien Steenbergen Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Booking Holdings, Inc. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... OTHER PARTICIPANTS Kevin Kopelman Ronald Josey Analyst, TD Cowen Analyst, Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Justin Post Brian Nowak Analyst, BofA Securities, Inc. Analyst, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark Mahaney Analyst, Evercore ISI ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings' First Quarter 2026 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than the historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement in Booking Holdings earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings earnings press release is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings website, www.bookingholdings.com. Booking Holdings intends to use the Investor Relations page of its website, ir.bookingholdings.com, to disclose material information for purposes of the SEC's Regulation Fair Disclosure. Booking Holdings encourages investors to monitor this website in addition to other public announcements and SEC filings, as information posted on that page could be deemed to be material information. 2 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2026 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Corrected Transcript Q1 2026 Earnings Call 28-Apr-2026 And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Ewout Steenbergen. Please go ahead, gentlemen. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer, President & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. We began 2026 with solid execution across our global business. Our results this quarter reflect the continued momentum of our long-term strategy and progress in advancing our mission: to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Before turning to our results, I want to acknowledge the current macroenvironment, including the impact the Middle East conflict is having on travel, and recognize the resilience of our employees and partners in the region. Periods of uncertainty, whether driven by geopolitical developments or economic conditions are not new to our industry. We have navigated similar moments many times before, including the global shutdown of travel during the COVID period, and more recently the Russia, Ukraine war which began in 2022, and the Israel-Hamas conflict which began in 2023. Each time, while the near-term environment can be difficult to predict, and there are immediate consequences to travel volumes, the fundamental drivers of travel demand, the desire to experience the world do not change. People have a deep and enduring desire to explore and connect, and that demand has proven resilient over time, generally growing faster than the broader global economy. So we remain focused on what we can control delivering strong value, reliability, and service for both travelers and partners through differentiated, innovative solutions. That focus earns trust, it's why customers choose us today and why we believe they will continue to choose us tomorrow, next quarter, next year, and over the long term. This disciplined approach was one of the drivers of our performance in the first quarter, and it remains the foundation of our long-term strategy. Despite the start of the Middle East conflict at the end of February, our teams delivered a quarter with strong execution and solid results. We booked 338 million room nights, which was in line with our prior expectations and represented 6% year-over-year growth. We estimate that the Middle East conflict impacted our room night and gross bookings growth by approximately 2 percentage points, accounting for directly impacted countries in the region, as well as bookers whose travel was affected by the conflict. Excluding this impact, we believe our room nights would've been up by approximately 8%. On a year-over-year basis, first quarter gross bookings of $53.8 billion grew 15%, revenue of $5.5 billion grew 16%, and adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.3 billion increased 19%. Finally, adjusted EPS of $1.14 grew 14% year-over-year. Ewout will provide more details on the impact of the conflict on our financial results, as well as specific assumptions and implications for our second quarter and full-year outlook. While near-ter

=== [ER] Q1-2026-BKNG-Earnings-Release.pdf ===
Booking Holdings Reports First Quarter 2026 Financial Results NORWALK, CT - April 28, 2026…Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG) (the "Company," "we," "our," or "us") today reported its first quarter 2026 financial results. ● Room nights grew 6% compared to the first quarter of 2025. We estimate room night growth was negatively impacted by approximately 2 percentage points by the conflict in the Middle East. ● Gross bookings grew 15% compared to the first quarter of 2025, or approximately 8% on a constant currency basis. We estimate that the conflict in the Middle East impacted gross bookings growth in line with the impact observed in room night growth. ● Revenue grew 16% compared to the first quarter of 2025, or approximately 10% on a constant currency basis. We estimate that the conflict in the Middle East impacted revenue growth slightly lower than the impact observed in room night growth. ● Net income and Adjusted EBITDA grew 225% and 19%, respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2025. ● On April 2, 2026, the Company effected the 25-for-1 stock split of its common stock. All share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. “Despite headwinds associated with the Middle East conflict, we are pleased to report a solid start to 2026, with Adjusted EBITDA growth of 19% (net income growth of 225%), alongside 15% growth in gross bookings and 16% revenue growth,” said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. “These results highlight the resilience of our business and the discipline of our execution. Although the conflict’s dynamics impacted the quarter’s results, our underlying performance exceeded expectations across all key metrics, with continued strength in our strategic growth areas, particularly in the U.S. Regardless of near-term uncertainty, we remain focused on the factors within our control—furthering our Connected Trip vision, expanding our global reach, and leveraging Generative AI to enhance the value we deliver to travelers and partners.” Q1 2026 Room Nights Gross Bookings Revenue GAAP Net Income GAAP EPS Adjusted EPS Adjusted EBITDA Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities Free Cash Flow (#) (Δ Y/Y) 338M $53.8B $5.5B $1.1B $1.36 $1.14 $1.3B $3.2B $3.1B 6% 15% 16% 225% 239% 14% 19% (2%) (2%) Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section at the end of this release for an explanation of constant currency and non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted Net income, Adjusted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Free Cash Flow, and Adjusted Fixed Operating Expenses, and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Gross bookings is an operating and statistical metric that captures the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations. 1 Additional Highlights First Quarter 2026 vs. 2025 Top Line Metrics Marketing Metrics ● Alternative accommodation room nights at Booking.com increased by 5.5% ● Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was 3.8% (3.8% in Q1 2025) ● CC ADRs increased by about 1%(1) ● Over the trailing four quarters, the mix of our total room nights booked through the direct channel was a mid-fifties percentage, similar to last year ● Gross bookings increased 15% (approximately 8% on a CC basis) and revenue increased 16% (approximately 10% on a CC basis) GAAP EPS +239% Adjusted EPS +14% Fixed Costs Margins ● Total operating expenses increased 15%, slower than the 16% growth in revenue ● Net income margin of 19.6% (7.0% in Q1 2025) ● Adjusted fixed operating expenses increased 14%, driven by adverse FX changes and $53 million in one-time benefits in the first quarter of 2025 ● Adjusted EBITDA margin of 23.3% (22.9% in Q1 2025) Return of Capital to Shareholders Second Quarter Dividend ● Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.42 per share, payable on June 30, 2026 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 5, 2026. Stock Repurchase Program ● We repurchased $3.6 billion (excluding excise taxes) of stock in the quarter ended March 31, 2026 with a total remaining authorization of $18.2 billion as of March 31, 2026. Stock Split ● On April 2, 2026, the Company effected the 25-for-1 stock split of its common stock. (1) Constant Currency ("CC") and accommodation average daily rates ("ADRs") 2 Outlook Booking Holdings' guidance for the second quarter and full year of 2026 is as follows: For our second quarter guidance, we are assuming the direct and indirect impact from the conflict in the Middle East continues through the end of June. Specifically, our outlook accounts for continued fluctuations in travel demand across Middle Eastern inbound, outbound, and intra-region routes, as well as ongoing disruptions to major transit corridors, such as those between Europe and Asia. For the full year 2026, our planning assumption is that the direct and indirect impact from the conflict in the Middle East continues through the end of June, followed by a recovery in bookings in the second half of the year. We are mindful that a sustained disruption could introduce broader inflationary pressures, including fluctuations in jet fuel prices, airline capacity reductions, as well as weigh on traveler sentiment more broadly. These dynamics can create headwinds across the travel value chain, and we are monitoring them closely. However, since these extended impacts on the broader economy are harder to estimate, we have not included them in our guidance assumptions. Our second quarter and full year guidance are based on estimates and the information available to us at this time, in an unusually unpredictable environment. Refer to the "Information About Forward-Looking Statements" section of this release. (growth is on a year-over-year basis) Q2 2026 Room Nights Growth 2% - 4% Gross Bookings Growth 4% - 6% High Single Digits to Low Double Digits Constant Currency Gross Bookings Growth 2% - 4% High Single Digits Revenue Growth (1) 4% - 6% High Single Digits Constant Currency Revenue Growth (1) 2% - 4% Adjusted EBITDA Growth (2)(3)(4) 4% - 6% Adjusted EPS Growth (2)(3)(5) FY 2026 Mid to High Single Digits Slightly Faster than Revenue Growth Low to Mid-teens (1) Revenue Growth includes a benefit of about 2% in Q2 2026 and of about 1.5% for FY 2026 due to foreign currency exchange rates. (2) We are not able to provide a reconciliation between forward-looking Adjusted EBITDA and

=== [ER] BKNG-Q2-2025-Earnings-Press-Release-7-29-25.pdf ===
Booking Holdings Reports Second Quarter 2025 Financial Results NORWALK, CT - July 29, 2025…Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG) (the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) today reported its second quarter 2025 financial results. ● Room nights grew 8% compared to the second quarter of 2024. ● Gross bookings grew 13% compared to the second quarter of 2024, or 9% on a constant currency basis. ● Revenue grew 16% compared to the second quarter of 2024, or 12% on a constant currency basis. "We are pleased to report a strong second quarter with 8% room night growth and a double-digit increase in gross bookings and revenue, reflecting disciplined execution against our strategic initiatives," said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. "We reached a milestone with Connected Trip transactions, where customers choose to book more than one travel vertical with us, representing a low double-digit share of Booking.com’s total transactions and up over 30% year-over-year. This was driven by healthy growth across our other verticals, including flight tickets up 44%. We’re encouraged by this progress and remain focused on these and other long-term growth drivers that create meaningful value for our travelers and partners." Q2 2025 (#) (Δ Y/Y) Room Nights 309M 8% Gross Bookings $46.7B 13% Revenue $6.8B 16% GAAP Net Income $895M (41%) GAAP EPS $27.43 (38%) Adjusted EPS $55.40 32% Adjusted EBITDA $2.4B 28% Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities $3.2B 27% Free Cash Flow $3.1B 32% Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section at the end of this release for an explanation of constant currency and non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted Net income, Adjusted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow, and Adjusted Fixed Operating Expenses, and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Gross bookings is an operating and statistical metric that captures the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations. 1 Additional Highlights Second Quarter 2025 vs. 2024 Top Line Metrics Marketing Metrics ● Alternative accommodation room nights at Booking.com increased by a low double digits percentage ● Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was 4.6% (4.7% in Q2 2024) ● Over the trailing four quarters, the mix of our total room nights booked through the direct channel was a mid-fifties percentage and increased year-over-year (1) ● Constant Currency ADRs decreased 1% ● Gross bookings increased 13% and revenues increased 16% GAAP EPS -38% Adjusted EPS +32% Fixed Cost Discipline Margins ● Total operating expenses increased 14%, slower than the 16% growth in revenue ● Net Income margin of 13.2% (26.0% in Q2 2024) ● Adjusted fixed operating expenses increased 11% driven by adverse FX changes, increased performance-based compensation accruals, and higher cloud computing costs ● Adjusted EBITDA margin of 35.6% (32.4% in Q2 2024) Active Return of Capital to Shareholders Third Quarter Dividend ● Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $9.60 per share, payable on September 30, 2025 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on September 5, 2025. Stock Repurchase Program ● We repurchased $1.3 billion of stock in the quarter ended June 30, 2025 with a total remaining authorization of $24.6 billion. (1) Accommodation average daily rates ("ADRs") 2 Outlook Booking Holdings' guidance for the third quarter and full year of 2025 is as follows: We have continued to see steady travel demand trends in our business so far in the third quarter. However, we note that comparisons to the prior-year third quarter will be higher in August and September. Additionally, we recognize the possibility that our business could be impacted by the increased uncertainty in the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment and any subsequent potential effect on consumer spending and behavior, travel patterns, or our partners. Refer to "Information About Forward-Looking Statements" section of this release. (growth is on a year-over-year basis) Q3 2025 FY 2025 Room Nights Growth 3.5% - 5.5% Gross Bookings Growth 8% - 10% Low Double Digits Constant Currency Gross Bookings Growth 4% - 6% High Single Digits Revenue Growth 7% - 9% Low Double Digits Constant Currency Revenue Growth 3% - 5% High Single Digits Adjusted EBITDA (1)(2)(3) Adjusted EBITDA Growth (1)(2)(3) $3.9 billion - $4.0 billion 6% - 9% Mid-teens % (1) We are not able to provide a reconciliation between forward-looking Adjusted EBITDA and GAAP Net income as we cannot, without unreasonable effort, forecast certain items required to develop meaningful comparable GAAP Net Income and predict certain components of such reconciliation as they arise from events in future periods. This is due to the unpredictable nature of these reconciling items, which would require an unreasonable effort to forecast, and would result in a large range of projected values that would not be meaningful to investors. See Item 10(e)(1)(i)(B) of SEC Regulation S-K. (2) Excludes certain costs expected to be incurred related to the previously disclosed Transformation Program. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section of this release. (3) Changes in foreign currency exchange rates are expected to impact our reported growth rates for Adjusted EBITDA by a similar amount of percentage points as Revenue Growth. 3 Consolidated Balance Sheets (In millions, except share and per share data) June 30, 2025 December 31, 2024 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ Accounts receivable, net (Allowance for expected credit losses of $145 and $146, respectively) Prepaid expenses, net Other current assets 17,595 $ 16,164 4,370 3,199 626 587 672 541 23,263 20,491 Property and equipment, net 848 832 Operating lease assets 593 559 Intangible assets, net 1,291 1,382 Goodwill 2,855 2,799 559 536 1,275 1,109 Total current assets Long-term investments Other assets, net Total assets $ 30,684 $ 4,280 $ 27,708 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 3,824 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 4,208 6,047 Deferred merchant bookings 9,149 4,031 999 1,745 Short-term debt 18,636 15,647 Deferred income taxes Total current liabilities 36 289 Operating lease liabilities 517 483 Long-term U.S. transition tax liability — 257 Other long-term liabilities 679 199 Long-term debt 17,473 14,853 Total liabilities 37,341 31,728 1 — Commitment

=== [ER] CORRECTED-TRANSCRIPT-Booking-Holdings-Inc-BKNG-US-Q4-2024-Earnings-Call-20-February-2025-4-30-PM-ET.pdf ===
Corrected Transcript 20-Feb-2025 Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q4 2024 Earnings Call Total Pages: 20 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2025 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Corrected Transcript Q4 2024 Earnings Call 20-Feb-2025 CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer, President & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Ewout Lucien Steenbergen Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President, Booking Holdings, Inc. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... OTHER PARTICIPANTS Lee Horowitz Kevin Kopelman Analyst, Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Analyst, TD Cowen Mark Mahaney Stephen Ju Analyst, Evercore ISI Analyst, UBS Securities LLC Brian Nowak Justin Post Analyst, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Analyst, BofA Securities, Inc. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings' Fourth Quarter 2024 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Legislation Reform Act of 1995 (sic) [Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995] (00:00:16). These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are indeed to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors had that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements in Booking Holdings' earnings press release, as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligations to update publicly or any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I would like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel, and Ewout Steenbergen. Go ahead, gentlemen. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 2 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2025 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q4 2024 Earnings Call Corrected Transcript 20-Feb-2025 Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer, President & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Thank you. Welcome to Booking Holdings' fourth quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen. I am pleased to report we had a strong finish to 2024, closing out another successful year. I'm even more pleased to report the progress we are making on our long-term strategic plan. In a few days, I will mark my 25th year at this company, quarter of a century. And I am more excited than ever about our potential. It's an incredible time to be in the travel industry with a transformative force of AI, particularly Generative AI, redefining how people will experience the world. Adapting to and leveraging new technologies has been in our DNA from the start, and Generative AI is pushing the pace of technology innovation faster than ever. In this dynamic environment, I am confident that we are well positioned to deploy this technology to further benefit our travelers and partners given our legacy of innovation, resources, proprietary data, the global nature of our business, and years of experience with AI. I'll speak more about the AI opportunity shortly. But first, I will briefly cover our financial highlights from the last quarter and the full year. Our fourth quarter room nights exceeded the high end of our prior expectations and grew 13% year-over-year. The improvement in room night growth was seen across all our major regions, each of which grew by double-digits in the quarter. The stronger than expected room night growth helped drive fourth quarter gross bookings growth of 17% and revenue growth of 14%, both above the high end of our prior guidance ranges. Adjusted EBITDA of $1.8 billion was 26% higher than the fourth quarter of 2023 and 12% above the high end of our prior guidance range driven by revenue outperformance and lower-than-expected adjusted fixed OpEx. Finally, adjusted earnings per share in the quarter grew 30% year-over-year. Looking back at the full year of 2024, I am proud of our achievements, including advancing our Connected Trip vision, further innovating our AI capabilities, expanding our merchant offerings, growing alternative accommodations; and enhancing and expanding our Genius loyalty program. Our achievements in these areas allowed us to deliver even more value to our travelers and supplier partners, while also helping to drive our strong financial results for the year. For the full year, gross bookings of $166 billion increased 10% versus 2023, and revenue of $24 billion grew 11% year-over-year. We achieved these strong top-line results while growing our bottom-line even faster with adjusted EBITDA of over $8 billion, increasing 17% year-over-year. Finally, adjusted earnings per share was up 23% yearover-year, helped by the 7% reduction in our full year average share count versus last year. I would note that on a constant currency basis, our full year gross bookings, revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS all grew about 1 percentage point faster than the reported growth rates I just mentioned. Our long-term ambition in a normalized travel environme

=== [ER] BKNG-Q1-2025-Earnings-Press-Release.pdf ===
Booking Holdings Reports First Quarter 2025 Financial Results NORWALK, CT - April 29, 2025…Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG) (the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) today reported its first quarter 2025 financial results. ● Room nights grew 7% compared to the first quarter of 2024. ● Gross bookings grew 7% compared to the first quarter of 2024, or 10% on a constant currency basis. ● Revenue grew 8% compared to the first quarter of 2024, or 10% on a constant currency basis. "I am pleased to report a good start to 2025 where healthy growth of room nights and gross bookings in the first quarter benefited from our globally diversified business," said Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings. "While there is uncertainty in the market around the near-term geopolitical and macroeconomic environment, we remain focused on driving our business for the long term by delivering value to our supplier partners and our travelers and executing on our strategic priorities." Q1 2025 (#) (Δ Y/Y) Room Nights 319M 7% Gross Bookings $46.7B 7% Revenue $4.8B 8% GAAP Net Income $0.3B (57%) GAAP EPS $10.07 (55%) Adjusted EPS $24.81 22% Adjusted EBITDA $1.1B 21% Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities $3.3B 21% Free Cash Flow $3.2B 23% Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section at the end of this release for an explanation of constant currency and non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted Net income, Adjusted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow, and Adjusted Fixed Operating Expenses, and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Gross bookings is an operating and statistical metric that captures the total dollar value, generally inclusive of taxes and fees, of all travel services booked by our customers, net of cancellations. 1 Additional Highlights First Quarter 2025 vs. 2024 Top Line Metrics Marketing Metrics ● Alternative accommodation room nights at Booking.com increased by a low double digits percentage ● Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was 3.8% (3.7% in Q1 2024) ● Over the trailing four quarters, the mix of our total room nights booked through the direct channel was a mid-fifties percentage and increased year-over-year (1) ● Constant Currency ADRs increased 1% ● Gross bookings increased 7% and revenues increased 8% GAAP EPS -55% Adjusted EPS +22% Fixed Cost Discipline Margins ● Total operating expenses increased 2%, slower than the 8% growth in revenue ● Net Income margin of 7.0% (17.6% in Q1 2024) ● Adjusted fixed operating expenses decreased 3% ● Adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.9% (20.3% in Q1 2024) Active Return of Capital to Shareholders Second Quarter Dividend ● Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $9.60 per share, payable on June 30, 2025 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 6, 2025. Stock Repurchase Program ● We repurchased $1.8 billion of stock under our authorized stock repurchase program in the quarter ended March 31, 2025. Our total remaining stock repurchase authorization was $25.9 billion as of March 31, 2025. Discrete Items ● During the quarter ended March 31, 2025, the Netherlands pension fund matter was resolved resulting in a reduction to the related accruals. The impact of the reduction related to 2023 and earlier years, of $129 million, has been excluded from Adjusted Net income and Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. When the liability related to these years was initially recorded in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for 2023, its impact was excluded from the Non-GAAP results for that year. (1) Accommodation average daily rates ("ADRs") 2 Consolidated Balance Sheets (In millions, except share and per share data) March 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ Accounts receivable, net (Allowance for expected credit losses of $137 and $146, respectively) Prepaid expenses, net Other current assets 15,578 $ 16,164 3,290 3,199 530 587 552 541 19,950 20,491 Property and equipment, net 857 832 Operating lease assets 555 559 Intangible assets, net 1,333 1,382 Goodwill 2,816 2,799 538 536 1,142 1,109 Total current assets Long-term investments Other assets, net Total assets $ 27,191 $ 3,292 $ 27,708 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 3,824 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 5,576 6,047 Deferred merchant bookings 6,871 4,031 655 1,745 Short-term debt 16,394 15,647 Deferred income taxes Total current liabilities 154 289 Operating lease liabilities 476 483 Long-term U.S. transition tax liability 257 257 Other long-term liabilities 653 199 Long-term debt 15,369 14,853 Total liabilities 33,303 31,728 1 — Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' deficit: Common stock, $0.008 par value, Authorized shares: 1,000,000,000 Issued shares: 64,500,484 and 64,276,130, respectively Treasury stock: 31,801,349 and 31,329,265 shares, respectively (50,131) (47,877) Additional paid-in capital 7,866 7,707 Retained earnings 36,539 36,525 (387) (375) (6,112) (4,020) Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total stockholders' deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit $ 27,191 $ 27,708 3 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations (In millions, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Merchant revenues $ Agency revenues 2024 2,918 $ 2,388 1,564 1,763 280 264 4,762 4,415 1,777 1,610 Sales and other expenses Personnel, including stock-based compensation of $142 and $144, respectively 702 693 678 826 General and administrative 142 186 Information technology 200 187 Depreciation and amortization 154 137 Advertising and other revenues Total revenues Operating expenses: Marketing expenses Transformation costs 32 — 3,700 3,624 1,062 791 (649) (219) Interest and dividend income 241 243 Other income (expense), net (258) 122 Income before income taxes 396 937 Income tax expense 63 161 Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense Net income $ 333 $ 776 Net income applicable to common stockholders per basic common share $ 10.14 $ 22.69 Weighted-average number of basic common shares outstanding (in 000's) Net income applicable to common stockholders per diluted common share Weighted-average number of diluted common shares outstanding (in 000's) 32,845 $ 10.07 33,093 34,206 $ 22.37 34,706 4 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In millions) Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income $ 333 $ 776 

=== [ER] CORRECTED-TRANSCRIPT-Booking-Holdings-Inc-BKNG-US-Q3-2024-Earnings-Call-30-October-2024-4-30-PM-ET.pdf ===
Corrected Transcript 30-Oct-2024 Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q3 2024 Earnings Call Total Pages: 20 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2024 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Corrected Transcript Q3 2024 Earnings Call 30-Oct-2024 CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer, President & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Ewout Lucien Steenbergen Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President, Booking Holdings, Inc. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... OTHER PARTICIPANTS Justin Post Lee Horowitz Analyst, BofA Securities, Inc. Analyst, Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mark Mahaney Tom White Analyst, Evercore ISI Analyst, D.A. Davidson & Co. Dae K. Lee Jed Kelly Analyst, JPMorgan Securities LLC Analyst, Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Kevin Kopelman Naved Khan Analyst, TD Cowen Analyst, B. Riley Securities, Inc. Eric J. Sheridan John Colantuoni Analyst, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Analyst, Jefferies LLC ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Third quarter 2024 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are indeed to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors had that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forwardlooking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings website, www.bookingholdings.com. 2 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2024 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Corrected Transcript Q3 2024 Earnings Call 30-Oct-2024 And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Ewout Steenbergen. Go ahead, gentlemen. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer, President & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' third quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen. I am pleased to report an improvement in topline trends in the third quarter, particularly in Europe, that resulted in room nights, gross bookings and revenue all exceeding the high end of our prior expectations. The revenue outperformance combined with disciplined marketing spend and lower than expected fixed OpEx growth, helped drive adjusted EBITDA that was 9% above the high end of our prior guidance range. We continue to be encouraged by the strength of our underlying business, the health of the travel industry and the attractiveness of our products. In the third quarter, our travelers booked just under 300 million room nights across our platforms, an increase of 8% year-over-year. Revenue of $8 billion grew 9% year-over-year, and adjusted EBITDA of $3.7 billion increased 12% year-over-year. Finally, adjusted earnings per share grew 16% year-over-year, helped by our strong capital return program, which reduced our average share count by 6% year-over-year. From a regional perspective, we observed an improvement in our room night growth in Europe in the third quarter, which was the primary driver of the sequential increase in our global room night growth. In Asia, we continue to perform well with another quarter of double-digit growth and we remain optimistic in our outlook for this region, which I'll discuss in more detail later on the call. In the US, we see relatively stable levels of growth in our business so far this year, which we think continues to outpace the broader US accommodation industry. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect to continue to see healthy levels of room night growth as demand for travel remains resilient. Ewout will provide further details on our third quarter results and our thoughts about the fourth quarter. I remain confident in the attractive growth profile of the travel industry, our competitive position and our long-term growth and earnings model. We continue to see progress across several important initiatives, which include growing alternative accommodations, advancing our Connected Trip Vision, continuing to develop our AI capabilities and continuing our progress in Asia. These initiatives contribute to our ongoing effort to deliver a better planning, booking and travel experience for our travelers while also benefiting our supplier partners. We remain focused on being a trusted and valuable partner to all of the accommodation properties on our platforms by delivering incremental travel demand and developing products and features to help support these businesses, the majority of which are small independents. For alternative combination of Booking.com, we continue to see more properties connected to our platform with listings at the end of Q3 reaching 7

=== [ER] CORRECTED-TRANSCRIPT-Booking-Holdings-Inc-BKNG-US-Q2-2024-Earnings-Call-1-August-2024-4-30-PM-ET.pdf ===
Corrected Transcript 01-Aug-2024 Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q2 2024 Earnings Call Total Pages: 20 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2024 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Corrected Transcript Q2 2024 Earnings Call 01-Aug-2024 CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Ewout Lucien Steenbergen Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President, Booking Holdings, Inc. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... OTHER PARTICIPANTS Mark Mahaney James Lee Analyst, Evercore ISI Analyst, Mizuho Securities USA LLC Kevin Kopelman Stephen Ju Analyst, TD Cowen Analyst, UBS Securities LLC Justin Post Lee Horowitz Analyst, BofA Securities, Inc. Analyst, Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Doug Anmuth John Colantuoni Analyst, JPMorgan Securities LLC Analyst, Jefferies LLC Eric J. Sheridan Naved Khan Analyst, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Analyst, B. Riley Securities, Inc. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings' second quarter 2024 conference call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statement. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are indeed to identify forwardlooking statements. For a list of factors had that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forwardlooking statement, whether a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. 2 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2024 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q2 2024 Earnings Call Corrected Transcript 01-Aug-2024 And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Ewout Steenbergen. Go ahead, gentlemen. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Thank you and welcome to Booking Holdings' second quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen. I am proud to report second quarter results that exceeded the high end of our expectations for room nights and revenue. The upside on revenue combined with lower than expected fixed OpEx growth helped drive adjusted EBITDA above the high end of our prior guidance range. As expected, the travel market has continued to normalize, and we are pleased with the strength of our underlying business. Moving to our key metrics in the second quarter, our travelers booked 287 million room nights across our platforms, an increase of 7% year over year. Revenue of $5.9 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $1.9 billion both increased 7% year over year. Finally, adjusted earnings per share grew 11% year over year, helped by our strong capital return program, which reduced our average share count by 7% year over year. In line with our expectations, we saw that the booking window expanded less in the second quarter relative to the first quarter, which negatively impacted room night growth compared to Q1. From a regional perspective, we observed a mild moderation of travel market growth in Europe. However, we believe we are continuing to perform well relative the market in Europe. Looking at our other regions, we continue to see high growth levels in Asia and a slight improvement in growth in the US. As we look ahead to the third quarter, we believe room night growth will be impacted by a booking window that expands less than it did in Q2 as well as by the more moderate market growth we have seen in Europe, where our growth has remained stable from May through July. We expect that this will result in some deceleration in room night growth compared to Q2. Ewout will provide further details on our second quarter results and our thoughts about the third quarter. I remain confident in the attractive long-term growth profile of the travel industry, our competitive position over the long term, and our long-term growth and earnings model. We remain focused on what is important for the business for the long term, which means continuing to execute against our strategic initiatives while simultaneously taking actions to drive more cost efficiency in the business. We continue to see progress across several important initiatives, which include: advancing our Connected Trip vision; expanding our merchant offering at Booking.com; continuing to develop our AI capabilities; growing alternative accommodations; and enhancing our Genius loyalty program. These initiatives all fit together in our ongoing effort to deliver a better planning, booking, and travel experience for our travelers while also benefiting our supplier partners. We believe that continuing to drive benefits to our supplier partners is critical to successfully operating a growing two-sided marketplace

=== [ER] corrected-transcript_-booking-holdings-inc-bkng-us-q4-2023-earnings-call-22-february-2024-4_30-pm-et-1.pdf ===
Corrected Transcript 22-Feb-2024 Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q4 2023 Earnings Call Total Pages: 20 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2024 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Corrected Transcript Q4 2023 Earnings Call 22-Feb-2024 CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Glenn D. Fogel President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. David Ian Goulden Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President, Booking Holdings, Inc. ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... OTHER PARTICIPANTS Justin Post Brian Nowak Analyst, BofA Securities, Inc. Analyst, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kevin Kopelman James Lee Analyst, TD Cowen Analyst, Mizuho Securities USA LLC Mark Mahaney Eric J. Sheridan Analyst, Evercore ISI Analyst, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Douglas Anmuth Analyst, JPMorgan Securities LLC ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings' fourth quarter and full year 2023 conference call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website at www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Please go ahead, gentlemen. 2 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2024 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q4 2023 Earnings Call Corrected Transcript 22-Feb-2024 Glenn D. Fogel President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Thank you and welcome to Booking Holdings' fourth quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am pleased to report a solid finish to 2023, as fourth quarter room nights slightly exceeded our expectations and grew a bit more than 9% year over year or 11% if one excludes Israel from both periods. When compared to 2019, our room nights grew 21% versus our expectations of 20%. We delivered record fourth quarter revenue of $4.8 billion and record adjusted EBITDA of $1.5 billion, which were both ahead of our expectations. Finally, nonGAAP earnings per share in the quarter grew 29% year over year, helped by the reduction in our share count versus last year. At the start of 2024, we continue to see resiliency in global leisure travel demand. As we look to the year ahead, we see strong growth on the books for travel that's scheduled to take place in 2024, which gives early indications of potentially another record summer travel season. As we noted previously, a high percentage of these bookings are cancelable, and what is on the books today for the summer period represents a small percentage of the total bookings that we expect to ultimately receive. David will provide further details on our fourth quarter results and on our thoughts about the first quarter and full year 2024. Looking back at the full year of 2023, I am proud of our efforts to drive more benefits to our travelers and supply partners while also delivering record-setting, industry-leading financial results. We reached a significant milestone last year with our customers booking an all-time high of over 1 billion room nights on our platforms, which was an increase of 17% versus 2022. Gross bookings of $151 billion increased 24% versus 2022. In 2023, we reached a new revenue record of over $21 billion, which was 25% higher than 2022. We achieved this strong top line result while improving our profitability with record adjusted EBITDA of $7.1 billion, an increase of 34% versus 2022, and our adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by over 2 percentage points year over year. Our non-GAAP earnings per share of about $152 increased 52% year over year and was 48% higher than our prior full-year all-time high back in 2019. Across all of our key metrics in 2023, we were a meaningfully larger and faster-growing business than we were in 2019. Our ambition going forward in a normalized growth environment for the travel industry is to continue to grow our gross bookings, revenue, and earnings per share faster than we did in 2019. We are confident we will achieve these objectives because we've invested in building a stronger business and better product offerings for our travelers and partners than we had back then. We can see this in many areas, but I will highlight a few examples of where we have strengthened our offering relative to 2019. We now have a scaled-up merchant platform at Booking.com, which processed about half of Booking.com's gross bookings in 2023. Our merchant offering brings many benefits to our travelers and partners as well as new strategic benefits to us, including the ability to merchandise. On flights, we have continued to scale up our offering at Booking.com since launching in 2019, with total company air tickets booked in 2023 up mor

=== [ER] Q1-2023-Prepared-Remarks.pdf ===
CEO and CFO Prepared Remarks for 1st Quarter 2023 Information About Forward-Looking Statements NORWALK, CT – May 4, 2023 This transcript may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of the Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as the most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, bookingholdings.com. CEO Prepared Remarks - Glenn Fogel, Chief Executive Officer and President Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' first quarter conference call. I am joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am pleased to report that in the first quarter, we reached all-time quarterly highs for both room nights of 274 million and gross bookings of $39.4 billion, and achieved year-over-year growth rates of 38% and 44%, respectively. On a constant currency basis, first quarter gross bookings growth was even stronger at 52% year-over-year. Both room nights and gross bookings came in ahead of our previous expectations as a result of the continued strength in leisure travel demand and from a lengthening booking window, particularly in Europe and the U.S. The room night and gross bookings outperformance versus our expectations was driven by bookings that will stay in future periods, which is when the revenue will be recognized. As a result of this timing difference, revenue was approximately in-line with our expectations, while adjusted EBITDA was a bit below, given the additional marketing expenses associated with the future stays. When we look at room night growth versus 2019, we have seen a slight increase in April compared with what we saw in the first quarter, though on a year-over-year basis, growth has decelerated as April last year saw an accelerating travel recovery, making the comparison more difficult. Overall, we remain encouraged by the continued strength and resiliency of travel demand so far this year, which speaks to consumers’ strong desire to travel. We currently see very strong growth of bookings received for travel during our peak summer period in Q3, though we note these bookings represent a modest percentage of what will likely be booked for total summer travel and most of these bookings are cancellable. 1 While travel booking trends have remained robust, we recognize that there is uncertainty regarding the path of the global economy. However, we believe we are well positioned to navigate any potential near-term economic uncertainty given our highly variable expense structure, solid operating results, substantial liquidity, and strong free cash flow. This allows us to remain focused on what is important for the long term, which means making the necessary investments to strengthen and grow our business while remaining cost conscious and implementing initiatives across the business to drive cost efficiency. We continue to make progress on our key strategic priorities including our long-term Connected Trip vision. Connected Trip The Connected Trip is our long-term vision to make booking and experiencing travel easier, more personal, and more enjoyable, while delivering better value to our traveler customers and supplier partners. Our payments platform at Booking.com ties into our Connected Trip vision as payments helps deliver a more seamless and frictionless booking experience for our travelers. Though still small today, we are seeing an increase in the mix of transactions that are connected to another booked travel component in a trip. We believe continuing to build on this progress will improve the booking experience for more of our customers, which we believe will help drive increasing customer engagement with our platform. We continue to focus on further developing our flight offering on Booking.com, which provides consumers with another place to book an air ticket. Booking.com’s flight offering was an important part of our total Q1 73% year-over-year increase in air tickets, which was an acceleration from the year-over-year growth in Q4 of 61%. We will continue this important work to provide travelers with the best possible flight booking experience. Though AI has received significant attention recently, we began our investments in AI years ago. We believed then, and we continue to believe now, that we can build a more compelling and differentiated offering if we can leverage AI technology to deliver a more personalized booking experience: A Connected Trip that would be more responsive to a booker’s needs and help manage different aspects of their trips. We believe we are well positioned in this area given that we have been using AI extensively for years in order to optimize interactions with our customers, who are both travelers and partners. This goes from personalizing interactions and recommendations, to machine translation in over 40 languages and dialects, to analyzing the content of pictures provided by customers and partners, to optimizing value for our customers and many more. Over the years, we have built a strong team of AI experts across the company, and we keep current with the latest AI research through Booking.com’s collaborations with universities. This enables us to quickly react, adapt and learn how our traveler customers and supplier partners can benefit from new developments in the field. We are always looking for new ways to make customer interactions smoother and richer, realizing o

=== [ER] CORRECTED-TRANSCRIPT_-Booking-Holdings_-Inc._BKNG-US__-Q4-2022-Earnings-Call_-23-February-2023-4_30-PM-ET-_2_.pdf ===
Corrected Transcript 23-Feb-2023 Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Total Pages: 20 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Corrected Transcript Q4 2022 Earnings Call 23-Feb-2023 CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. David Ian Goulden Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President, Booking Holdings, Inc. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... OTHER PARTICIPANTS Brian Nowak Eric J. Sheridan Analyst, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Analyst, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Mark Mahaney John Colantuoni Analyst, Evercore ISI Analyst, Jefferies LLC Lloyd Walmsley Kevin Kopelman Analyst, UBS Securities LLC Analyst, Cowen and Company Justin Post Analyst, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, bookingholdings.com. And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen. 2 1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2023 FactSet CallStreet, LLC Booking Holdings, Inc. (BKNG) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Corrected Transcript 23-Feb-2023 Glenn D. Fogel Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director, Booking Holdings, Inc. Thank you. And welcome to Booking Holdings' fourth quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am pleased to report a strong finish to 2022 as we delivered fourth quarter revenue and adjusted EBITDA of approximately $4 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively, which were both ahead of our previous expectations. Room night growth versus 2019 of 10% in the fourth quarter improved from 8% growth in Q3. And for the first time, we saw room nights across all of our major regions above 2019 levels for the quarter, which was another important milestone for our recovery. Room night growth trends have further strengthened in 2023, with January room nights up 26% compared to 2019, or up about 60% year-over-year. We're very encouraged by the continued strength and resiliency of travel demand last year and into the new year, which speaks to consumers' strong desire to travel. However, as we stated last year, month-on-month trends can be volatile, and we recognize that there is uncertainty regarding the future path of the world's economy. And David will provide further details on our fourth quarter results and on the recent trends we have been seeing in 2023. Looking back at the full year of 2022, I am proud of our company's performance during what was a challenging and very competitive environment. Our customers booked an all-time high of nearly 900 million room ni