=== L_2026-02-10.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Report and in our and our subsidiaries other filings with the SEC, could cause our and our subsidiaries results to differ materially from results that have been or may be anticipated or projected. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we and our subsidiaries expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update these statements to reflect any change in expectations or beliefs or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Company as used herein means Loews Corporation including its subsidiaries and the terms Parent Company, we, our, us or like terms as used herein mean Loews Corporation excluding its subsidiaries. RISK FACTORS SUMMARY Our business and the businesses of our subsidiaries face many risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could lead to events or circumstances that have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or equity and/or the business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or equity of one or more of our subsidiaries. You should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors described under Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Report, before investing in any security issued by us. Principal risks facing us and our subsidiaries include those relating to: Risks Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, CNA Financial Corporation ( CNA ) CNA may need to increase its insurance reserves if it determines that its recorded reserves are insufficient; CNA s actual experience could vary from the key assumptions used to determine future policy benefit reserves for its long-term care policies; CNA s vulnerability to material losses from natural and man-made disasters or other catastrophes; CNA s exposure related to asbestos and environmental pollution ( A EP ) claims; CNA s exposure to mass tort claims against its insureds and changes to the social and legal environment, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes, issues related to altered interpretation of coverage and other new and emerging claim theories; Intense competition in CNA s industry; the cyclical nature of the property and casualty business and the evolving landscape of its distribution network; Risks relating to CNA s reliance on reinsurance, including risks related to its ability to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, reinsurance counterparty risk and ineffective reinsurance coverage; Technological changes or disruptions in the insurance marketplace; Potential significant realized and unrealized investment losses and volatility in net investment income; CNA s use of analytical models in key areas such as pricing, reserving catastrophe risks and capital modeling; Any significant interruption in the operation of CNA s business functions, facilities or systems or its vendors facilities or systems could result in a material adverse effect on its operations; Any significant breach in CNA s data security infrastructure or its vendors facilities or systems could disrupt business, cause financial losses and damage its reputation, and insurance coverage may not be available for claims related to a breach; 3 Table of Contents CNA s potential inability to detect and prevent significant employee or service provider misconduct, inadvertent errors and omissions, or exposure relating to functions performed on CNA s behalf; Capital adequacy requirements that CNA is subject to; Regulatory limitations on CNA s insurance subsidiaries ability to pay dividends to CNA; Potential downgrades of CNA s ratings by rating agencies; and Extensive state, local, federal and foreign governmental regulations to which CNA is subject. Risks Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP ( Boardwalk Pipelines ) Extensive regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) of Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas transportation and storage operations and ethane transportation services; Actual results from Boardwalk Pipelines construction and growth projects not meeting its forecasts; Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs; Changes in the debt markets and increases in interest rates; Failure to comply with environmental or worker safety laws or regulations or an accidental release of pollutants into the environment; Legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to new or more stringent pipeline safety requirements; A failure in Boardwalk Pipelines computer systems or a cybersecurity attack; Boardwalk Pipelines and its customers operations are subject to a series of risks regarding climate change; Climatic conditions could adversely impact Boardwalk Pipelines operations, pipelines and facilities, or those of its customers or suppliers; Reputational risks and risks related to public opinion; Opposition to the operation of Boardwalk Pipelines pipelines and facilities, construction or expansion of facilities and new pipeline projects; Market conditions, including available supply, demand and the price differentials between natural gas supplies and market locations for natural gas, may affect the transportation rates that Boardwalk Pipelines can charge on certain portions of its pipeline systems; Changes in energy commodity prices and their impact on the supply of and demand for those commodities; Boardwalk Pipelines exposure to credit risk relating to default or bankruptcy by its customers; Boardwalk Pipelines reliance on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of its revenues; Operating and financial covenants in Boardwalk Pipelines revolving credit facility; Boardwalk Pipelines indebtedness may affect its ability to meet its obligations and may otherwise restrict its activities; Boardwalk Pipelines does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities are located; Boardwalk Pipelines may be unsuccessful in executing its strategy to grow and diversify its business; The impact of market conditions on Boardwalk Pipelines ability to replace expiring storage contracts at attractive rates or on a long-term basis and to sell short-term services at attractive rates or at all; and Boardwalk Pipelines operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which it may not be adequately insured. Risks Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, Loews Hotels Holding Corporation ( Loews Hotels Co ) Operating risks common to the hospitality industry, many of which are beyond Loews Hotels Co s control; Loews Hotels Co s exposure to risks resulting from significant investments in owned and leased real estate, including through ownership interests in partnerships and joint ventures; Seasonal and cyclical volatility in the hospitality industry; The high level of competition in the hospitality industry, both for customers and for the acquisition and/or development of new properties; The risk of deterioration in the quality or reputation of Loews Hotels Co s brands, including brands used in its joint ventures and those it licenses; The potential for delays or increased costs in connection with developing and renovating properties; Investing in hotel properties through ownership interests in partnerships and joint ventures is subject to inherent risk due to Loews Hotels Co s lack of unilateral control over the investment; The geographic concentration of Loews Hotels Co s properties; The growth and use of third-party reservation channels; The adequacy of Loews Hotels Co s insurance coverage; Potential labor shortages; and Portions of Loews Hotels Co s labor force are covered by collective bargaining agreements. 4 Table of Contents Risks Related to Us and Our Unconsolidated Subsidiary, Altium Packaging LLC ( Altium Packaging ) Altium Packaging s substantial indebtedness; Altium Packaging s exposure to changes in consumer preferences; Fluctuations in raw material prices and raw material availability; and Self-manufacturing by Altium Packaging s customers. Risks Related to Us and Our Subsidiaries Generally Failures or interruptions in or breaches to our or our subsidiaries computer systems or those of certain third parties; Litigation to which we and our subsidiaries may be subject from time to time; Acts of terrorism; Compliance with environmental laws; Potential loss of key vendor relationships or issues relating to the transitioning of vendor relationships; Impairment charges related to the carrying value of long-lived assets and goodwill of our subsidiaries; Pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases and efforts to mitigate their spread have had, and could in the future have, widespread impacts on the way we and our subsidiaries operate; We are a holding company and derive substantially all of our income and cash flow from our subsidiaries; Competition for senior executives and qualified specialized talent; and Scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to sustainability practices may impose additional costs on us and our subsidiaries or expose us and our subsidiaries to new or additional risks. PART I Item 1. Business. Loews Corporation was incorporated in 1969 and is a holding company. Our subsidiaries are engaged in the following lines of business: commercial property and casualty insurance (CNA Financial Corporation, an approximately 92% owned subsidiary); transportation and storage of natural gas and natural gas liquids, olefins and other hydrocarbons (Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP, a wholly owned subsidiary); and operation of a chain of hotels (Loews Hotels Holding Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary). We also own approximately 53% of Altium Packaging LLC, an unconsolidated subsidiary, which is engaged in the manufacture of rigid plastic packaging solutions. We have four reportable segments comprised of three individual consolidated operating subsidiaries, CNA Financial Corporation, Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP and Loews Hotels Holding Corporation; and the Corporate segment. The Corporate segment is comprised of Loews Corporation, excluding these subsidiaries, and the equity method of accounting for Altium Packaging LLC, an unconsolidated subsidiary. Additional financial information on each of our segments is included under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ). CNA FINANCIAL CORPORATION CNA Financial Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, CNA ) is an insurance holding company. CNA s property and casualty and remaining life and group insurance operations are primarily conducted by Continental Casualty Company ( CCC ), The Continental Insurance Company, Western Surety Company, CNA Insurance Company Limited, Hardy Underwriting Bermuda Limited and its subsidiaries ( Hardy ) and CNA Insurance Company (Europe) S.A. CNA accounted for 81.2% , 81.5% and 83.6% of our consolidated total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. CNA s insurance products primarily include commercial property and casualty coverages, including surety. CNA s services include warranty, risk management, information services and claims administration. CNA s products and services are primarily marketed through independent agents, retail and wholesale brokers and managing general underwriters to a wide variety of customers, including small, medium and large businesses, insurance companies, associations, professionals 5 Table of Contents and other groups. The property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive, both as it relates to rate and service. CNA competes with a large number of stock and mutual insurance companies, as well as other entities, for both distributors and customers. Property Casualty Operations CNA s commercial property and casualty insurance operations ( Property Casualty Operations ) includes its Specialty, Commercial and International lines of business. Specialty Specialty provides management and professional liability and other property and casualty coverages, products and services using a network of retail and wholesale brokers, independent agents and managing general underwriters. Specialty includes the following business groups: Management Professional Liability : Management Professional Liability consists of the following coverages and products: professional liability coverages and risk management services to various professional firms, including architects, real estate agents, accounting firms and law firms; directors and officers ( D O ), errors and omissions ( E O ), employment practices, fiduciary, fidelity and cyber coverages. Specific areas of focus include small and mid-size firms, public as well as privately held firms and not-for-profit organizations; insurance products to serve the health care industry, including professional and general liability as well as associated casualty coverages. Key customer groups include aging services, allied medical facilities, dentists, physicians, nurses and other medical practitioners. Surety : Surety offers small, medium and large contract and commercial surety bonds. Surety provides surety and fidelity bonds in all 50 states. Warranty and Alternative Risks : Warranty and Alternative Risks provides extended service contracts and related insurance products covering mechanical breakdown and similar losses for vehicles, portable electronics and other consumer goods. These service contracts are primarily distributed through independent representatives and sold by automobile dealerships and retailers in North America. CNA s insurance subsidiaries may issue contractual liability, inland marine, or guaranteed asset protection policies supporting these contracts, a significant portion of which are reinsured through third-party captive programs. Commercial Commercial works with a network of retail and wholesale brokers and independent agents to market a broad range of property and casualty insurance products to all types of insureds, targeting small business, construction, middle market and other commercial customers. Property products include standard and excess property, marine and boiler and machinery coverages. Casualty products include standard casualty insurance products such as workers compensation, general and product liability, commercial auto, umbrella, and excess and surplus coverages. Most insurance programs are provided on a guaranteed cost basis; however, CNA also offers specialized loss-sensitive insurance programs and total risk management services relating to claim and information services to the large commercial insurance marketplace. International International underwrites property and casualty coverages on a global basis through a branch operation in Canada, a European business consisting of insurance companies based in the United Kingdom and Luxembourg and Hardy, CNA s Lloyd s of London ( Lloyd s ) syndicate. 6 Table of Contents Property Casualty Structure CNA s commercial property casualty underwriting operations presence in the United States of America ( U.S. ) consists of field underwriting locations and centralized processing operations which handle policy processing, billing and collection activities and also act as call centers to optimize service. CNA s claim operations presence in the U.S. consists of primary locations where it handles multiple claim types and key business functions, as well as regional claim offices which are aligned with CNA s underwriting field structure. CNA also has property casualty underwriting operations in Canada, the United Kingdom ( U.K. ) and Continental Europe, as well as access to business placed at Lloyd s through Syndicate 382. Other Insurance Operations Other Insurance Operations include CNA s run-off long-term care business as well as structured settlement obligations not funded by annuities related to certain property and casualty claimants, certain corporate expenses, including interest on CNA corporate debt, and certain property and casualty businesses in run-off, including A EP, a legacy portfolio of excess workers compensation ( EWC ) policies and certain legacy mass tort reserves. Regulation Current Regulation: The insurance industry is subject to comprehensive and detailed regulation and supervision. Regulatory oversight by applicable agencies is exercised through review of submitted filings and information, examinations (both financial and market conduct), direct inquiries and interviews. Each domestic and foreign jurisdiction has established supervisory agencies with broad administrative powers relative to licensing insurers and agents, approving policy forms, establishing reserve requirements, prescribing the form and content of statutory financial reports and regulating capital adequacy and the type, quality and amount of investments permitted. Such regulatory powers also extend to premium rate regulations requiring rates not be excessive, inadequate or unfairly discriminatory. In addition to regulation of dividends by insurance subsidiaries, intercompany transfers of assets or payments may be subject to prior notice or approval by insurance regulators, depending on the size of such transfers and payments in relation to the financial position of the insurance subsidiaries making the transfers or payments. As CNA s insurance operations are conducted in both domestic and foreign jurisdictions, CNA is subject to a number of regulatory agency requirements applicable to a portion, or all, of CNA s operations. These include but are not limited to, the State of Illinois Department of Insurance (which is CNA s global group-wide supervisor), the U.K. Prudential Regulatory Authority ( PRA ) and Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ), the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions ( OSFI ) in Canada, the Luxembourg insurance regulator Commissariat aux Assurances ( CAA ) and the Bermuda Monetary Authority ( BMA ). Domestic insurers are also required by state insurance regulators to provide coverage to certain insureds who would not otherwise be considered eligible by the insurers. Each state dictates the types of insurance and the level of coverage that must be provided to such involuntary risks. CNA s share of these involuntary risks is mandatory and generally a function of its respective share of the voluntary market by line of insurance in each state. Further, domestic insurance companies are subject to state guaranty fund and other insurance-related assessments. Guaranty funds are governed by state insurance guaranty associations which levy assessments to meet the funding needs of insolvent insurer estates. Other insurance-related assessments are generally levied by state agencies to fund various organizations including disaster relief funds, rating bureaus, insurance departments, and workers compensation second injury funds, and by industry organizations that assist in the statistical analysis and ratemaking process and CNA has the ability to recoup certain of these assessments from policyholders. Although the U.S. federal government does not currently directly regulate the business of insurance, federal legislative and regulatory initiatives can affect the insurance industry. These initiatives and legislation include proposals relating to terrorism and natural catastrophe exposures, federal financial services reforms and certain tax reforms. Hardy, a specialized Lloyd s underwriter, is also supervised by the Council of Lloyd s, which is the franchisor for all Lloyd s operations. The Council of Lloyd s has wide discretionary powers to regulate Lloyd s underwriting, such as establishing the capital requirements for syndicate participation. In addition, the annual business plan of each syndicate is subject to the review and approval of the Lloyd s Franchise Board, which is responsible for business planning and monitoring for all syndicates. 7 Table of Contents Capital adequacy and risk management regulations, referred to as Solvency II, apply to CNA s European Union ( E.U. ) operations and are enacted by the European Commission. CNA s operations in the U.K. have been subject to the same regulations but are transitioning to a tailored version of Solvency II, known as Solvency UK, developed by the PRA. Additionally, the International Association of Insurance Supervisors ( IAIS ) continues to develop capital requirements as more fully discussed below. Regulation Outlook: The IAIS has adopted a Common Framework ( ComFrame ) for the supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups ( IAIGs ) which is focused on the group-wide supervision of IAIGs, such as CNA. Elements of ComFrame have been incorporated into regulatory guidelines issued by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ( NAIC ) for application by regulators in the U.S. These additions were adopted for the purpose of streamlining group-wide supervision, further leveraging existing risk and solvency measures and applying them on a group-wide basis. The NAIC has developed an approach to group capital regulation and solvency-monitoring activities using the Group Capital Calculation ( GCC ). While historically the U.S. regulatory regime was primarily based on legal entity regulation, the GCC quantifies risk across the insurance group. The GCC was adopted by the NAIC along with model legislative language and attendant regulations, which have been adopted in a number of U.S. states where IAIGs are domiciled, including Illinois. Alongside the GCC, the NAIC has also developed the Aggregation Method ( AM ) approach to assessing group capital as an alternative to the Insurance Capital Standard ( ICS ) developed by the IAIS. The AM is influenced by the GCC and calculated in a similar manner. In 2024, the IAIS concluded that the AM provides comparable outcomes to the ICS. While as of December 31, 2025 the AM continues to undergo further refinement as a part of the implementation process, the finding of comparability by the IAIS represents recognition of existing U.S. solvency regulation. In addition, the U.S. and foreign regulatory environment in which CNA operates is continuously evolving, with both existing and prospective regulations that implicate aspects of its corporate governance, public disclosures and risk management, climate change, artificial intelligence and cybersecurity practices. Properties: CNA s principal executive offices are based in Chicago, Illinois. CNA s subsidiaries maintain office space in various cities throughout the United States and various countries. CNA leases all of its office space. 8 Table of Contents BOARDWALK PIPELINE PARTNERS, LP Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (together with its subsidiaries, Boardwalk Pipelines ) is engaged in the business of transportation and storage of natural gas and natural gas liquids, olefins and other hydrocarbons (herein referred to together as NGLs ). Boardwalk Pipelines also provides ethane supply and transportation services for petrochemical customers in Louisiana and Texas. Boardwalk Pipelines accounted for 12.6%, 11.8% and 10.3% of our consolidated total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. A wholly owned subsidiary of ours, Boardwalk Pipelines Holding Corp. ( BPHC ) owns, directly and indirectly, 100% of the general partner and limited partnership interests of Boardwalk Pipelines. Boardwalk Pipelines operates in the midstream portion of the natural gas and NGLs industry, providing transportation and storage for those commodities. Boardwalk Pipelines also provides ethane supply and transportation services for petrochemical customers in Louisiana and Texas. Boardwalk Pipelines owns approximately 14,275 miles of natural gas and NGLs pipelines and underground storage caverns having aggregate capacity of approximately 199.5 billion cubic feet ( Bcf ) of working natural gas and 31.2 million barrels ( MMBbls ) of NGLs. Boardwalk Pipelines integrated natural gas pipeline and storage systems are located in the Gulf Coast region, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana and Ohio, and its NGLs pipelines and storage facilities are located in Louisiana and Texas. Boardwalk Pipelines principal natural gas and natural gas liquids businesses are described below: Natural Gas Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas business, which provides transportation, storage and parking and lending ( PAL ) services for natural gas customers, consists of integrated interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines and storage facilities. Boardwalk Pipelines owns and operates approximately 13,420 miles of interconnected natural gas pipelines, directly serving customers in thirteen states and indirectly serving customers throughout the northeastern and southeastern U.S. through numerous interconnections with unaffiliated pipelines. In 2025 , its natural gas pipeline systems transported approximately 3.9 trillion cubic feet of natural gas. Average daily throughput on Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas pipeline systems during 2025 was approximately 10.7 Bcf . Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas storage facilities are comprised of fourteen underground storage fields located in four states with aggregate working gas capacity of approximately 199.5 Bcf. Following is a summary of the primary subsidiaries comprising Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas business: The Gulf South Pipeline Company, LLC ( Gulf South ) pipeline system is located along the Gulf Coast in the states of Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Florida. Gulf South has ten natural gas storage facilities. The two natural gas storage facilities located in Louisiana and Mississippi have approximately 78.0 Bcf of working gas storage capacity and the eight salt dome natural gas storage caverns in Mississippi have approximately 46.0 Bcf of total storage capacity, of which approximately 29.6 Bcf is working gas capacity. Gulf South also owns undeveloped land which is suitable for up to five additional storage caverns. Gulf South is regulated by the FERC. The Texas Gas Transmission, LLC ( Texas Gas ) pipeline system is a bi-directional pipeline, located in Louisiana, East Texas, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio, with smaller diameter lines extending into Illinois. Texas Gas owns nine natural gas storage fields, of which it owns the majority of the working and base gas. Texas Gas is regulated by the FERC. Boardwalk Pipelines has minor intrastate and natural gas pipeline assets in South Texas and Louisiana serving end-use, electric power generator and industrial customers. It also owns natural gas salt dome storage capacity in its Choctaw Hub in Louisiana. 9 Table of Contents The following table provides information for Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas assets owned and operated as of December 31, 2025 : Assets Miles of Pipeline Average Daily Throughput (Bcf/d) (a) Peak-day Delivery Capacity (Bcf/d) Working Gas Storage Capacity (Bcf) Gulf South 7,140 7.1 10.9 107.6 Texas Gas 6,000 3.4 6.4 84.3 Other Natural Gas 280 0.2 7.6 (a) Bcf per day (Bcf/d) Natural Gas Liquids Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas liquids business, which provides transportation and storage services for NGLs and supply services for ethane and brine customers, consists primarily of NGLs pipelines, salt dome storage facilities and brine infrastructure. Boardwalk Pipelines owns and operates approximately 855 miles of NGLs pipelines in Louisiana and Texas. In 2025, Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas liquids pipeline systems transported approximately 144.2 MMBbls of NGLs. Boardwalk Pipelines NGLs storage facilities consist of 11 salt dome caverns located in Louisiana with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 31.2 MMBbls. Boardwalk Pipelines also owns ten salt dome caverns and related brine infrastructure located in Louisiana for use in providing brine supply services and to support the NGLs storage operations. Boardwalk Pipelines NGLs pipeline systems access the Gulf Coast petrochemical industry through operations at its Choctaw Hub in Louisiana and its Sulphur Hub in Louisiana. Boardwalk Pipelines accesses ethylene supplies in Texas, which it delivers to petrochemical-industry customers in Louisiana. Boardwalk Pipelines purchases ethane in Texas and Louisiana and utilizes its NGLs pipelines to supply ethane to customers in Texas and Louisiana. The majority of Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas liquids customers are industrial and petrochemical end-users. Following is a summary of the primary subsidiaries comprising Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas liquids business: Boardwalk Louisiana Midstream, LLC ( Louisiana Midstream ) provides transportation and storage services for NGLs, primarily ethylene, and brine supply services for producers and consumers of petrochemicals through two hubs in southern Louisiana. These assets have approximately 31.2 MMBbls of salt dome storage capacity, significant brine supply infrastructure, and approximately 300 miles of pipeline assets, including an extensive ethylene distribution system. Louisiana Midstream s Choctaw pipeline network is a common carrier pipeline system situated along the Mississippi River Corridor that serves chemical complexes throughout southeastern Louisiana and provides connectivity to producers and consumers of ethylene. Through interconnections with Boardwalk Petrochemical Pipeline, LLC s ( Boardwalk Petrochemical ) Evangeline Pipeline and other third-party pipelines, the system links ethylene producers in Texas and the Lake Charles area to the Mississippi River Corridor. Louisiana Midstream also owns eight salt dome caverns and related brine infrastructure located at its Choctaw Hub for use in providing brine supply services and supporting its NGLs storage operations. Louisiana Midstream s Sulphur pipeline network is located near Lake Charles, Louisiana, and is connected to local ethylene producers and consumers and area refineries. At its Sulphur Hub, Louisiana Midstream owns and operates five active storage caverns, which are currently in ethylene, ethane and propane service. Boardwalk Petrochemical owns and operates the Evangeline Pipeline, an approximately 180-mile bi-directional, common carrier, interstate ethylene pipeline that is capable of transporting approximately 4.8 billion pounds of ethylene per year between Texas and Louisiana, and interconnects with Louisiana Midstream s ethylene distribution system and storage facilities at its Sulphur and Choctaw Hubs. The Evangeline Pipeline links ethylene producers and consumers from Texas to Louisiana. Boardwalk Ethane Pipeline Company, LLC ( Bayou Ethane ) owns and operates the Bayou Ethane Pipeline, an approximately 375-mile pipeline system originating in Texas, that transports ethane to Southeast Texas and to Louisiana. The Bayou Ethane Pipeline provides common carrier, interstate and intrastate transportation services and interconnects with Louisiana Midstream s storage facilities at its Sulphur and Choctaw Hubs. The Bayou Ethane Pipeline has the ability to deliver approximately 55.0 MMBbls of ethane per year. Bayou Ethane provides ethane supply and transportation services for petrochemical customers in Louisiana and Texas. 10 Table of Contents The following table provides information for Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas liquids assets owned and operated as of December 31, 2025 : Assets Miles of Pipeline Annual Throughput (MMBbls) Liquids Storage Capacity (MMBbls) Louisiana Midstream 300 60.8 31.2 Boardwalk Petrochemical 180 38.9 Bayou Ethane 375 44.5 Current Growth Projects Boardwalk Pipelines regularly reviews opportunities to expand its existing facilities and footprint to meet growing demand for transportation and storage services. The recent growth of liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) export and power generation demand has led to the announcement of additional growth projects for Boardwalk Pipelines. Through the date of this filing, Boardwalk Pipelines has growth projects for which it has executed precedent or long-term firm transportation agreements that are expected to increase capacity on its pipeline systems by an aggregate of 4.2 Bcf/d and its storage working gas capacity by 10 Bcf at an expected aggregate cost of approximately $3.3 billion and are scheduled to be completed through 2030. As of December 31, 2025 , Boardwalk Pipelines has spent $135 million on these growth projects. These projects remain contingent upon, among other things, the receipt of required regulatory approvals and permits and are subject to construction risk. These projects have lengthy planning and construction periods and, as a result, will not contribute to Boardwalk Pipelines earnings and cash flows until they receive the required regulatory approvals and permits and are constructed and placed into service over the next several years. Boardwalk Pipelines cost and timing estimates for these projects are based on a variety of inputs such as contractor indicative bids, quotes on materials and internally-developed financial models, metrics and timelines and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including obtaining timely regulatory and permit approvals and the cost thereof, adverse weather conditions during construction, its ability to acquire and the cost of obtaining rights to construct and operate on land not owned by Boardwalk Pipelines, delays in obtaining and shortages and price increases for key materials (including pipe, compressor facilities and related equipment), tariff implications and shortages and increased costs of qualified labor. Factors in the estimates include, among other things, those related to pipeline costs based on mileage, size and type of pipe, materials, including compressors and related equipment, land, engineering and construction costs and timely receipt of all necessary permits and approvals. Actual costs and timing of in-service dates for Boardwalk Pipelines growth projects may differ, perhaps materially, from its estimates. In addition, failure to timely meet development milestones may result in, among other things, contractual counterparties having the ability to terminate contracts with Boardwalk Pipelines. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report for additional risks associated with Boardwalk Pipelines growth projects and the related financing. 11 Table of Contents Boardwalk Pipelines more significant growth projects are listed and described below: Expected in-service date Expected incremental capacity added to system (Bcf/d) Eunice - Iowa (a) Third quarter 2026 0.1 Carnation Project (b) Fourth quarter 2027 0.2 Northeast Texas Power Plant Project (c) Fourth quarter 2027 0.3 Kosciusko Junction project (Kosci project) (c) First half 2028 1.2 Ohio Power Plant Project (c) First half 2028 0.3 Southeast Compression for Utility Reliability Expansion project (SECURE project) (c) First half 2028 0.3 Parks Line Upgrade and Sorrento Station Project (PLUSS project) (d) First half 2028 0.2 Texas Gateway Project (e) Second half 2029 1.5 Petal Gas Storage Expansion (f) Second half 2030 (f) (a) This project has received approval from FERC and is in construction. (b) This project remains subject to FERC approval and receipt of environmental permits and authorizations. (c) These projects remain subject to FERC approval, acquisition of land rights, and receipt of environmental permits and authorizations. (d) This project received FERC approval in December 2025 and is expected to start construction in the first half of 2026. (e) This project remains subject to FERC approval, acquisition of land rights, receipt of environmental permits and authorizations and other conditions precedent. (f) This project remains subject to FERC approval and is expected to add 10 Bcf of storage working gas capacity. The Eunice Iowa project is expected to increase the capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines pipeline system by the addition of compression facilities to the Lake Charles, Louisiana area and is supported by precedent and long-term firm transportation agreements to serve industrial and power markets. The Carnation Project is expected to increase the capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines pipeline system in Hamilton County, Ohio, through the installation of a compressor unit and auxiliary equipment. This project is supported by a precedent agreement with an LDC and is expected to support regional energy needs. The Northeast Texas Power Plant Project is expected to increase the delivery capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines pipeline system in Northeast Texas, through the construction of 16 miles of natural gas pipeline and a delivery meter connected to a power plant. The project is supported by a precedent agreement with a utility customer. The Kosci project is expected to increase the capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines pipeline system through the addition of compression facilities, the installation of 110 miles of natural gas pipeline, and other system modifications. The capacity for this project is supported by precedent agreements with utility customers. This project is designed to connect supply from the Haynesville, Utica/Marcellus, and Fayetteville basins to markets in the southeast U.S. that are either tied into Boardwalk Pipelines existing pipeline systems or will be served through third-party pipeline interconnects. The Ohio Power Plant Project is expected to increase the delivery capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines pipeline system in Hamilton County, Ohio, through the construction of seven miles of natural gas pipeline and a delivery meter connected to a power plant. The project is supported by a precedent agreement with a utility customer. Boardwalk Pipelines executed two precedent agreements for the SECURE project, which is expected to provide additional transportation from west to east across its pipeline systems. This project is expected to increase the peak-day transmission capacity by increasing the horsepower at three existing compressor stations and constructing a new compressor station. This project supports growing energy demand and power generation needs. 12 Table of Contents The PLUSS project is supported by precedent agreements to serve industrial and power markets in the Mississippi River corridor. As part of the project, Boardwalk Pipelines intends to add compression facilities, modify its pipelines and perform other system modifications on its pipeline systems. The Texas Gateway Project is expected to increase the capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines pipeline system through the construction of approximately 155 miles of natural gas pipeline and the addition of compression facilities. This project is designed to connect supply from the Katy and Carthage, Texas, hubs for delivery to growing demand in Southwest Louisiana near Gillis and increase liquidity, supply security and flow assurance for LNG exporters, electric utilities, industrial users and natural gas producers. The Petal Gas Storage Expansion project is supported by precedent agreements and is expected to increase the working gas storage capacity of Boardwalk Pipelines Petal storage field by drilling and constructing a new natural gas storage cavern in Forrest County, Mississippi. In addition to growth projects for which Boardwalk Pipelines has executed precedent agreements, it regularly considers other potential growth projects at earlier stages of development, and is currently evaluating additional growth projects involving substantial capital commitments. Boardwalk Pipelines may from time to time make public disclosures regarding these potential projects, for instance, through announcements of open seasons for potential future capacity. In addition to the risks, uncertainties and contingencies described above regarding the growth projects for which Boardwalk Pipelines has executed precedent agreements, these potential growth projects at earlier stages of development are subject to a variety of additional risks and uncertainties as Boardwalk Pipelines has not reached final investment decisions or secured executed precedent agreements for them. Therefore, these potential growth projects at earlier stages of development may not be consummated as contemplated in any such public disclosures or at all. Refer to Subsidiaries portion of the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of MD A in Item 7 for further discussion of capital expenditures and financing. Customers: Boardwalk Pipelines serves a broad mix of customers, including end-use customers, such as electric power generators, local distribution companies, industrial and petrochemical users and exporters of LNG. Boardwalk Pipelines also contracts with other customers, including producers and marketers of natural gas and interstate and intrastate pipelines, who, in turn, provide transportation and storage services for end-users. These customers are located throughout the Gulf Coast, Midwest and Northeast regions of the U.S. Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas delivery markets continue to diversify, with increased deliveries to end-use customers, whereas, historically its natural gas delivery markets were primarily to other pipelines who then delivered to end-use customers. Governmental Regulation: The FERC regulates Boardwalk Pipelines interstate natural gas transmission operating subsidiaries under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 ( NGA ) and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 ( NGPA ). The FERC regulates, among other things, the rates and charges for the transportation and storage of natural gas in interstate commerce and the construction, extension, enlargement or abandonment of facilities under its jurisdiction. Where required, Boardwalk Pipelines natural gas pipeline subsidiaries hold certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the FERC covering certain of their facilities, activities and services. The maximum applicable rates that Boardwalk Pipelines FERC-regulated subsidiaries may charge for all aspects of the natural gas transportation services they provide, are established through the FERC s cost-based rate-making process; however, the FERC also allows for discounted or negotiated rates as an alternative to cost-based rates. Key determinants in the FERC s cost-based rate-making process are the costs of providing service, the volumes of gas being transported, the rate design, the allocation of costs between services, the capital structure and the rate of return a pipeline is permitted to earn. The maximum applicable rates that Boardwalk Pipelines may charge for storage services on Texas Gas, except for services associated with a portion of the working gas capacity on that system, are also established through the FERC s cost-based rate-making process. The FERC has authorized Boardwalk Pipelines to charge market-based rates for its firm and interruptible storage services for the majority of its other natural gas storage facilities. None of Boardwalk Pipelines FERC-regulated entities currently have an obligation to file a new rate case. Some of Boardwalk Pipelines other subsidiaries transport natural gas in intrastate commerce under the rules and regulations established by the Texas Railroad Commission and in interstate commerce that is subject to FERC jurisdiction under Section 311 of the NGPA. The maximum rates for services are established under Section 311 of the NGPA and are generally subject to review every five years by the FERC. The rates and terms of service on Boardwalk Pipelines interstate ethane transportation pipeline are also subject to regulation by the FERC under, among other statutes, the Interstate Commerce Act ( ICA ) and the Energy Policy Act of 1992. 13 Table of Contents Over time, the FERC may change, amend or announce that it will undertake a review of its existing policies. There were no major policy changes announced by the FERC during 2025 that materially impacted Boardwalk Pipelines. The FERC has authority to impose civil penalties for violations of the NGA and NGPA, and the implementing regulations thereunder, up to a maximum amount that is adjusted annually for inflation, which for 2026 is approximately $1.5 million per day per violation. Should Boardwalk Pipelines fail to comply with applicable statutes, rules, regulations and orders administered by the FERC, it could be subject to substantial penalties and fines, in addition to reputational damage. The Surface Transportation Board ( STB ) regulates the rates Boardwalk Pipelines charges for interstate service on its ethylene pipeline systems. The Louisiana Public Service Commission ( LPSC ) regulates the rates Boardwalk Pipelines charges for intrastate service within the state of Louisiana on its petrochemical and NGLs pipelines. The STB and LPSC require that Boardwalk Pipelines transportation rates are reasonable and that its practices cannot unreasonably discriminate among its shippers. Boardwalk Pipelines is also regulated by the U.S. Department of Transportation ( DOT ) through the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration ( PHMSA ) under the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act of 1968, as amended ( NGPSA ) and the Hazardous Liquids Pipeline Safety Act of 1979, as amended ( HLPSA ). The NGPSA and HLPSA govern the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of interstate natural gas and NGLs pipeline facilities. Boardwalk Pipelines has authority from PHMSA to operate certain natural gas pipeline assets under issued permits with specific conditions that allow it to operate those pipeline assets at higher than normal operating pressures of up to 0.80 of the pipeline s Specified Minimum Yield Strength ( SMYS ). Operating at these pressures allows these pipelines to transport all the existing natural gas volumes Boardwalk Pipelines has contracted for on those facilities with its customers. PHMSA retains discretion whether to grant or maintain authority for Boardwalk Pipelines to operate its natural gas pipeline assets at higher pressures and, in the event that PHMSA should elect not to allow Boardwalk Pipelines to operate at these higher pressures, it could affect its ability to transport all of its contracted quantities of natural gas on these pipeline assets, and Boardwalk Pipelines could incur significant additional costs to reinstate this authority or to develop alternate ways to meet its contractual obligations. PHMSA s regulations also require transportation pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs to comprehensively evaluate certain high-risk areas, known as high consequence areas ( HCAs ) and moderate consequence areas ( MCAs ), along pipelines and take additional safety measures to protect people and property in these areas. The HCAs for natural gas pipelines are predicated on high-population density areas (which, for natural gas transmission lines, include Class 3 and 4 areas and, depending on the potential impacts of a risk event , may include Class 1 and 2 areas) whereas HCAs along Boardwalk Pipelines NGLs pipelines are based on high-population density areas, areas near certain drinking water sources and unusually sensitive ecological areas. Legislation has resulted in more stringent mandates for pipeline safety and has charged PHMSA with developing and adopting regulations that impose increased pipeline safety requirements on pipeline operators. In particular, the NGPSA and HLPSA were amended by the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 ( 2011 Act ), the Protecting Our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2016 ( 2016 Act ) and, most recently, the Protecting Our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2020 ( 2020 Act ), each of which imposed increased pipeline safety obligations on pipeline operators. The 2011 Act increased the penalties for safety violations, established additional safety requirements for newly constructed pipelines and required studies of safety issues that could result in the adoption of new regulatory requirements by PHMSA for existing pipelines. The 2016 Act, among other things, required PHMSA to complete its outstanding mandates under the 2011 Act and develop new safety standards for natural gas storage facilities. The 2020 Act reauthorized PHMSA through fiscal year 2023 and directed the agency to move forward with several regulatory initiatives, including obligating operators of non-rural gas gathering lines and new and existing transmission and distribution pipeline facilities to conduct certain leak detection and repair programs and to require facility inspection and maintenance plans to align with those requirements. As a result of the 2011 Act, the 2016 Act and the 2020 Act, PHMSA has issued a series of significant rulemakings for onshore gas transmission pipelines (e.g., relating to maximum allowable operating pressure ( MAOP ) reconfirmation and exceedance reporting, the integrity assessment of additional pipeline mileage and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management), and hazardous liquid transmission and gathering pipelines (e.g., expanding the reach of certain of PHMSA s integrity management requirements, requiring the accommodation of in-line inspection tools by 2039 for certain pipelines, increasing annual, accident and safety-related conditional reporting requirements, and expanding the use of leak detection systems beyond HCAs). PHMSA also regulates the minimum safety requirements applicable to natural gas storage facilities, including wells, wellbore tubing and casing. In August 2022, PHMSA published a final rule that attempted to expand the Management of Change process, corrosion control requirements for gas transmission pipelines, requirements that operators ensure no conditions exist following an extreme weather event that could adversely affect the safe operation of the pipeline and repair criteria for non-HCAs. Five safety standards included in that rule were challenged by industry trade groups, and in August 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit struck down four of the five 14 Table of Contents challenged safety standards. These and any future regulations adopted by PHMSA have imposed and may impose more stringent requirements applicable to integrity management programs and other pipeline safety aspects of Boardwalk Pipelines operations, which could cause it to incur increased capital and operating costs and operational delays. The Department of Homeland Security s Transportation Safety Administration ( TSA ) has issued a series of security directives between 2022 and 2025 applicable to major pipeline owners and operators intended to strengthen the industry s overall cybersecurity posture in light of the evolving threat landscape and its potential impacts to U.S. critical infrastructure. The security directives require, among other things, that pipeline owners and operators designate a cybersecurity coordinator, establish and implement a Cybersecurity Implementation Plan; develop, maintain and test no less than annually through tabletop exercises a Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan; and establish a Cybersecurity Assessment Plan ( CAP ) including a schedule for assessing and auditing the CAP. The directives also contain requirements for reporting cybersecurity incidents and the results of certain assessments and audits. Boardwalk Pipelines has implemented tools, policies and practices designed to comply with the security directives. Other regulators, such as PHMSA and the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), have also established requirements for reporting certain cybersecurity incidents. Boardwalk Pipelines operations are also subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and occupational health and safety. Such laws and regulations impose, among other things, restrictions, liabilities and obligations in connection with the generation, handling, use, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of various substances including hazardous substances and waste and in connection with spills, releases, discharges and emissions of various substances into the environment. Environmental regulations also require that Boardwalk Pipelines facilities, sites and other properties be operated, maintained, abandoned and reclaimed to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Occupational health and safety regulations establish standards protective of workers, both generally and within the pipeline industry. Many state and local governments where Boardwalk Pipelines operates also have, or are developing, similar environmental or occupational health and safety legal requirements governing many of the same types of activities, and those requirements can be more stringent than those adopted under federal laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these federal, state and local laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of corrective or remedial obligations, the incurrence of capital expenditures, the occurrence of delays, denials or cancellations in permitting or the development or expansion of projects and the issuance of orders enjoining performance of some or all of Boardwalk Pipelines operations in the affected areas. While the Biden Administration attempted to pursue additional actions to bolster environmental regulations, the Trump Administration has revised or rescinded many of these changes. For example, in January 2023, the White House s Council on Environmental Quality ( CEQ ) released guidance to assist federal agencies in assessing the GHG emissions and climate change effects of their proposed actions under the National Environmental Policy Act ( NEPA ). In May 2024, the CEQ published a final rule revising the implementing regulations of the procedural provisions of NEPA and implementing amendments to NEPA included in the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023. However, in November 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit held that the CEQ lacks authority to issue NEPA regulations, and pursuant to an energy-related Executive Order signed by President Trump in January 2025, in February 2025, the CEQ published an interim final rule rescinding its regulations implementing NEPA. Many federal agencies have updated or begun the process of preparing their own new or updated NEPA-implementing rules and procedures. In May 2025, the CEQ withdrew its interim guidance on considering GHG emissions and climate change under NEPA. In September 2025, the CEQ issued updated guidance and an updated template for NEPA implementation procedures to provide clarity to federal agencies and promote consistency in NEPA implementation. Notwithstanding this, the impact of changes to NEPA regulations and procedures remains uncertain. While Boardwalk Pipelines cannot predict the full impact of these continued developments, any legal challenges to NEPA reviews performed in connection with its projects may result in further permitting and approval delays. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report. Stricter environmental or worker safety laws, regulations or enforcement policies could significantly increase Boardwalk Pipelines operational or compliance costs and compliance with new or more stringent environmental legal requirements could delay or prohibit its ability to obtain permits for operations or require Boardwalk Pipelines to install additional pollution control equipment. For instance, the construction or expansion of pipelines often requires authorizations under the Clean Water Act, which authorizations may be subject to challenge. Boardwalk Pipelines relies on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ( the Corps ) Clean Water Act Section 404 Nationwide Permit ( NWP ) 12, alongside other NWPs, as blanket authority for construction, maintenance, repair and removal of pipelines. The NWP process relies upon the Clean Water Act Section 401 certification process. In September 2023, the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) finalized its Clean Water Act Section 401 Water Quality Certification Improvement Rule, effective in November 2023, which expanded the scope of certification authority. In September 2023, several states challenged the final rule in federal court alleging that the rule exceeds the EPA s statutory authority under the Clean Water Act, and the litigation has been held in abeyance pending the administration s review of the rule and litigation. In January 2026, the EPA proposed a rule revising its regulations 15 Table of Contents governing Section 401 Water Quality Certifications. The proposed rule seeks to streamline the permitting process, restrict the ability of state and tribal certifying authorities to reject federal permits, and ensure such reviews are completed within the one-year statutory deadline. A final rule is expected in Spring 2026. However, opponents of the January 2026 proposed rule are pushing back on these efforts, including the EPA s efforts to narrow the scope of state authority. If NWP 12, or the underlying Section 401 certification process, is further amended or revoked, Boardwalk Pipelines may be required to apply for one or more Individual Permits, which would require additional time and resources to obtain. Additionally, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to the federal government s jurisdictional reach under the Clean Water Act over waters of the United States ( WOTUS ), including wetlands, as the EPA and the Corps have pursued multiple rulemakings under different administrations since 2015 in an attempt to determine the scope of such reach. In September 2023, the EPA issued a version of the WOTUS rule that, due to injunctions in certain states, is currently in effect in only 24 states. Thus, the operative definition of WOTUS varies by state. However, in November 2025, the EPA and the Corps proposed a rule to further update and narrow the September 2023 definition of WOTUS, guided by the Supreme Court s decision in Sackett v. EPA (adopting the continuous surface connection test to determine if wetlands are WOTUS). To the extent any judicial ruling or administrative rulemaking or other action further changes the scope of the Clean Water Act s jurisdiction, Boardwalk Pipelines could face increased costs to comply and experience delays with respect to obtaining permits. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report. Historically, Boardwalk Pipelines environmental compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on its business, but there can be no assurance that future compliance with existing requirements will not materially affect Boardwalk Pipelines, or that the current regulatory standards will not become more onerous in the future, resulting in more significant costs to maintain compliance and increased exposure to significant liabilities. Climate Change: Climate change continues to attract considerable public, governmental and scientific attention. As a result, numerous proposals have been made and are likely to continue to be made at the international, national, regional, state and local levels of government to monitor and limit emissions of GHGs. These efforts have included consideration of cap-and-trade programs, carbon taxes and GHG reporting and tracking programs, and regulations that directly limit GHG emissions from certain sources. Due to the nature of Boardwalk Pipelines business, its operations emit various types of GHGs. Boardwalk Pipelines seeks to carefully monitor its emissions and expects to incur additional costs to mitigate emissions. New legislation or regulations could increase the costs related to operating and maintaining its facilities. Depending on the particular law, regulation or program, Boardwalk Pipelines could be required to incur capital expenditures for installing new monitoring equipment or emission controls on its facilities, acquire and surrender allowances for GHG emissions, pay taxes or fees related to GHG emissions and/or administer and manage a more comprehensive GHG emissions program. While Boardwalk Pipelines may be able to include some or all of the increased costs in the rates charged by its pipelines, recovery of costs is not certain and would require the FERC s approval of a rate mechanism designed to recover those costs. Boardwalk Pipelines recognizes that relative to certain other fossil fuels, natural gas has an important role in reducing GHG emissions and may act as a bridge to scaling up renewable energy or other alternative energy sources in the U.S. While Boardwalk Pipelines is seeking to reduce its GHG emissions, it cannot predict all risks that may be associated with climate change or other sustainability matters. For more information, see Boardwalk Pipelines risk factor titled Boardwalk Pipelines operations, and those of Boardwalk Pipelines customers, are subject to a series of risks regarding climate change under Item 1A. Properties: Boardwalk Pipelines is headquartered in leased office space located in Houston, Texas. Boardwalk Pipelines also leases office space in Owensboro, Kentucky. Boardwalk Pipelines operating subsidiaries own their respective pipeline systems in fee. However, substantial portions of these systems are constructed and maintained on property owned by others pursuant to rights-of-way, easements, permits, licenses or consents. 16 Table of Contents LOEWS HOTELS HOLDING CORPORATION Loews Hotels Holding Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, Loews Hotels Co ) operates a chain of 27 hotels. Eleven of these hotels are owned by Loews Hotels Co, fifteen are owned by joint ventures in which Loews Hotels Co has noncontrolling equity interests and one is managed for an unaffiliated owner. Loews Hotels Co s earnings are derived from the operation of its owned hotels, its share of earnings in joint venture hotels and hotel management fees earned from its joint venture and managed hotels. Loews Hotels Co accounted for 5.1% , 5.3% and 5.4% of our consolidated total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. The hotels are described below. Number of Name and Location Rooms Owned: Live! by Loews, Arlington, Texas 300 Loews Arlington Hotel and Convention Center, Arlington, Texas 888 Loews Chicago Hotel, Chicago, Illinois 400 Loews Chicago O Hare Hotel, Chicago, Illinois 556 Loews Coronado Bay Resort, Coronado, California 440 Loews Kansas City Hotel, Kansas City, Missouri 800 Loews Miami Beach Hotel, Miami Beach, Florida 790 Loews Philadelphia Hotel, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 581 Loews Regency New York Hotel, New York, New York 379 Loews Nashville Hotel at Vanderbilt Plaza, Nashville, Tennessee 339 Loews Ventana Canyon Resort, Tucson, Arizona 398 Joint Venture: Hard Rock Hotel at Universal Orlando, Orlando, Florida 650 Live! by Loews, St. Louis, Missouri 216 Loews Atlanta Hotel, Atlanta, Georgia 414 Loews Coral Gables Hotel, Coral Gables, Florida 242 Loews Hollywood Hotel, Hollywood, California 628 Loews Portofino Bay Hotel at Universal Orlando, Orlando, Florida 750 Loews Royal Pacific Resort at Universal Orlando, Orlando, Florida 1,000 Loews Sapphire Falls Resort at Universal Orlando, Orlando, Florida 1,000 Universal Aventura Hotel, Orlando, Florida 600 Universal Cabana Bay Beach Resort, Orlando, Florida 2,200 Universal Endless Summer Resort Dockside Inn and Suites, Orlando, Florida 2,050 Universal Endless Summer Resort Surfside Inn and Suites, Orlando, Florida 750 Universal Helios Grand Hotel, a Loews Hotel, Orlando, Florida 500 Universal Stella Nova Resort, Orlando, Florida 750 Universal Terra Luna Resort, Orlando, Florida 750 Managed: Loews New Orleans Hotel, New Orleans, Louisiana 285 Note: Five owned hotels and eleven joint venture hotels are subject to land leases. 17 Table of Contents Recent Developments and Growth Projects: In 2025, the management agreement ended for Bisha Hotel and Residences located in Toronto, Canada; In 2025, Live! by Loews, Arlington and the Loews Ventana Canyon Resort became wholly owned hotel properties, as Loews Hotels Co acquired the remaining noncontrolling interests in these properties; In 2025, Universal Stella Nova Resort, a 750 guestroom hotel, Universal Terra Luna Resort, a 750 guestroom hotel, and Universal Helios Grand Hotel, a Loews Hotel, a 500 guestroom hotel, opened at Universal Orlando. As with Loews Hotels Co s other properties at Universal Orlando, Loews Hotels Co serves as manager and has a noncontrolling joint venture equity interest in these hotels; and In 2026, Loews Hotels Co expects to begin the replacement of the existing Arlington Sheraton Hotel with the Americana by Loews Hotels in Arlington, Texas. Loews Hotels Co wholly owns the Arlington Sheraton Hotel but did not manage the hotel as Loews Hotels Co leased the hotel to an unrelated third party. The new hotel, which Loews Hotels Co will wholly own and manage, is expected to be completed in 2029, and is planned to be an approximately 500 guestroom hotel with more than 83,000 square feet of total indoor and outdoor function space. Properties: Loews Hotels Co s principal executive offices are based in New York City, New York and it has a shared service center outside of Nashville, Tennessee. Loews Hotels Co leases the office space in both of these locations. ALTIUM PACKAGING LLC Altium Packaging is a packaging solutions provider and manufacturer in North America. The business specializes in customized mid- and short-run packaging solutions, serving a diverse customer base in the pharmaceutical, dairy, household chemicals, food/nutraceuticals, industrial/specialty chemicals, water and beverage/juice industries. Altium Packaging develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of extrusion blow-molded and injection molded plastic containers. In addition, Altium Packaging manufactures commodity and differentiated plastic resins from recycled plastic materials. Altium Packaging sells its products throughout North America and its customers include a diverse customer base of many nationally recognized branded food, beverage, consumer products and pharmaceutical companies. HUMAN CAPITAL Including our consolidated subsidiaries, we employed approximately 13,100 persons at December 31, 2025. CNA employed approximately 6,600 persons. Boardwalk Pipelines employed approximately 1,300 persons, approximately 100 of whom were covered under collective bargaining agreements. Loews Hotels Co employed approximately 5,100 persons, approximately 860 of whom were covered under collective bargaining agreements. We and our consolidated subsidiaries believe we have satisfactory labor relations. Separately, unconsolidated entities employ approximately 6,700 persons at properties managed by Loews Hotels Co and approximately 4,000 persons at Altium Packaging. We and our subsidiaries understand that seeking to hire qualified people and cultivate an engaging workplace is critical to our businesses long-term strategic success. Each of us has programs in place that are designed to help employees build their knowledge, skills and experience, as well as to guide their career development. We believe that by employing individuals with different backgrounds and experiences, we can better meet the diverse needs of our stakeholders. We and our subsidiaries offer compensation and benefits packages that we believe are appropriate to each of our businesses. These packages may include 401k and other retirement plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off and family assistance programs, including paid family leave. We and CNA also offer stock-based compensation to certain management and other senior personnel as a way to align their interests with shareholders and attract and retain key talent. 18 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS First Became Name Position and Offices Held Age Executive Officer Marc A. Alpert Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 63 2016 David E. Czerniecki Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer 61 2025 Kenneth I. Siegel Senior Vice President 69 2009 Alexander H. Tisch Vice President, Loews Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Loews Hotels Co 47 2023 Benjamin J. Tisch President and Chief Executive Officer 43 2022 Jane J. Wang Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 44 2022 Both Marc A. Alpert and Kenneth I. Siegel have served in their current roles at Loews Corporation for at least the past five years. Prior to assuming his current role in September of 2025, Mr. Czerniecki served as Chief Investment Officer of Nassau Financial Group for more than five years. Alexander H. Tisch has served as Vice President, Loews Corporation, since 2014. He has also served as President of Loews Hotels Co from September 2020 until December 2022, and in his current role at Loews Hotels Co since January 2023. Benjamin J. Tisch served as a Vice President of Loews Corporation from 2014 until May 2022, as Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy of Loews Corporation from May 2022 until December 2024 and in his current role since January 2025. Jane J. Wang served as a Vice President of Loews Corporation from 2014 until assuming her current role in May 2022. Benjamin J. Tisch is the son of James S. Tisch, Chairman of our Board, and the cousin of Alexander H. Tisch. Alexander H. Tisch is the nephew of James S. Tisch. None of our other executive officers or directors are related to any other. However, Andrew H. Tisch, a former director and current director emeritus, is the father of Alexander H. Tisch and the brother of James S. Tisch, and Jonathan M. Tisch, a former director and current director emeritus, is the cousin of Andrew H. Tisch and James S. Tisch. Officers are elected annually and hold office until their successors are elected and qualified, and are subject to removal by the Board of Directors. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our website address is www.loews.com. We make available, free of charge, through our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Copies of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Audit Committee charter, Compensation Committee charter and Nominating and Governance Committee charter are also available on our website. Information on or accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report. This Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings are also accessible through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business and the businesses of our subsidiaries face many risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could lead to events or circumstances that have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or equity and/or the business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and/or equity of one or more of our subsidiaries. We have described below the material risks facing us and our subsidiaries. There may be 19 Table of Contents additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we do not currently perceive to be material that may also materially adversely impact our business or the businesses of one or more of our subsidiaries. You should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information included in this Report and any subsequent reports we may file with the SEC and the information we make available to the public before investing in any securities issued by us. Our subsidiaries, CNA Financial Corporation and Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP, also file reports with the SEC. You are also cautioned to carefully review and consider the information contained in the reports filed by those subsidiaries with the SEC and the information they make available to the public before investing in any of their securities. Risks Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, CNA If CNA determines that its recorded insurance reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, CNA may need to increase its insurance reserves which would result in a charge to CNA s earnings. CNA maintains insurance reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for reported and unreported claims. Insurance reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex management estimates developed utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques as of a given reporting date. The reserve estimation process involves a high degree of judgment and variability and is subject to a number of factors which are highly uncertain. These factors can be affected by both changes in internal processes and external events. Key variables include frequency of claims, claim severity, mortality, morbidity, discount rates, economic, social and medical inflation, claim handling policies and procedures, case reserving approach, underwriting and pricing policies, changes in the legal and regulatory environment and the lag time between the occurrence of an insured event and the time of its ultimate settlement. Mortality is the relative incidence of death. Morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted. There is generally a higher degree of variability in estimating required reserves for long-tail coverages, such as long-term care, workers compensation, general liability and professional liability, as they require a relatively longer period of time for claims to be reported and settled. The impact of changes in economic and social inflation, and medical costs are also more pronounced for long-tail coverages due to the longer settlement period. Certain risks and uncertainties associated with CNA s insurance reserves are outlined in the Insurance Reserves and Critical Accounting Estimates sections of MD A in Item 7. CNA is subject to the uncertain effects of emerging and potential claims and coverage issues that arise as industry practices and legal, judicial, social, economic, geopolitical and other environmental conditions change. The impact of social inflation continues to be significant, and the trajectory of its future impact remains uncertain. In addition, passage of reviver statutes that extend, or eliminate, the statute of limitations for the reporting of claims, including statutes passed in certain states with respect to sexual molestation and sexual abuse, increase the uncertainty of the frequency of claims, and the impact of social inflation has, and may continue to, increase the severity of these claims. Further, broader economic and geopolitical conditions, including the imposition of significant tariffs by the U.S., as well as any related retaliatory tariffs, may result in considerable increases in certain costs that would increase loss costs. These issues have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on CNA s business, results of operations and financial condition by either extending coverage beyond the original underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims, resulting in further increases in CNA s reserves. The effects of unforeseen emerging or potential claim and coverage issues are extremely difficult to predict and may be material. In light of the many uncertainties associated with establishing the estimates and making the judgments necessary to establish reserve levels, CNA continually reviews and changes its reserve estimates in a regular and ongoing process as experience develops from the actual reporting and settlement of claims and as the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. When CNA s recorded reserves are insufficient for any reason, the required increase in reserves is recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. These charges have been and in the future could be substantial. CNA s actual experience could vary from the key assumptions used to determine future policy benefit reserves for long-term care policies. CNA s future policy benefit reserves for long-term care policies are based on CNA s best estimate actuarial assumptions, which are assessed quarterly and updated at least annually. Key actuarial assumptions include morbidity, persistency, premium rate actions and expenses. The adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and CNA s future expectations related to these key assumptions. If actual or expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring CNA to increase reserves. The required increase in reserves is recorded as a charge 20 Table of Contents against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. These charges have been and in the future could be substantial. The reserves are discounted using upper-medium grade fixed income instrument yields as of each reporting date. Discount rates are subject to interest rate and market volatility. See the Life Group Policyholder Reserves portion of the Insurance Reserves section of MD A in Item 7 for more information. Morbidity and persistency experience can be volatile and may be negatively affected by many factors including policyholder behavior, judicial decisions regarding policy terms, socioeconomic factors, cost of care inflation, changes in health trends and advances in medical care. A prolonged period during which investment returns remain at low levels could result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting CNA s obligations under long-term care policies. This risk may be more significant for CNA s long-term care products when the long potential duration of the policy obligations exceeds the duration of the supporting investment assets. In addition, CNA may not receive regulatory approval for the level of premium rate increases it requests. Any adverse deviation between the level of premium rate actions approved and the level included in CNA s reserving assumptions may require an increase to its reserves. Further, and as noted in the previous risk factor, the increasingly adverse impact of social inflation, particularly with respect to legal activity and judicial decisions, may impact CNA s long-term care portfolio and reserves. CNA is vulnerable to material losses from natural and man-made disasters. Catastrophe losses are an inevitable part of CNA s business. Various events can cause catastrophe losses. These events can be natural or man-made, and may include hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, droughts, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil unrest, cyber-attacks, pandemics and acts of terrorism. The frequency and severity of these catastrophe events are inherently unpredictable. Exposure to cyber risk is increasing systematically due to greater digital dependence, which increases the potential for, and the potential losses due to, a catastrophic cyber event. Catastrophic cyber-attack scenarios are not bound by time or geographic limitations and cyber-related catastrophic perils do not have well-established definitions or fundamental physical properties. In addition, longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing and new types of, and heightened, catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, its associated extreme weather events linked to rising temperatures and its effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures, sea levels, rain, drought, hail and snow. Climate studies by government agencies, academic institutions, catastrophe modeling organizations and other groups indicate that climate change may be altering the frequency and/or severity of catastrophic weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, droughts, fires and floods. The extent of CNA s losses from catastrophes is a function of the total amount of its insured exposures in the affected areas, the frequency and severity of the events themselves, the level of CNA s reinsurance coverage, reinsurance reinstatement premiums and state residual market assessments, if any. It can take a long time for the ultimate cost of any catastrophe losses to CNA to be finally determined, as a multitude of factors contribute to such costs, including evaluation of general liability and pollution exposures, infrastructure disruption, business interruption and reinsurance collectability. Further, significant catastrophic events or a series of catastrophic events have the potential to impose financial stress on the reinsurance industry, which could impact CNA s ability to collect amounts owed to CNA by reinsurers, thereby resulting in higher net incurred losses. Reinsurance coverage for unconventional terrorism events (such as nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks) is provided only in limited circumstances. CNA s principal reinsurance protection against these large-scale terrorist attacks is the coverage currently provided through the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 ( TRIPRA ) through December 31, 2027. However, such coverage is subject to a mandatory deductible and other limitations. It is also possible that future legislation could change or eliminate the program, which could adversely affect CNA s business by increasing its exposure to terrorism losses, or by lowering its business volume through efforts to avoid that exposure. For a further discussion of TRIPRA, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Catastrophes and Related Reinsurance. As a result of the items discussed above, catastrophe losses are particularly difficult to estimate, could cause CNA to exhaust its available reinsurance limits, could lead to large losses and could adversely affect the cost and availability of reinsurance. Accordingly, catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on CNA s business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. CNA has exposure related to A EP claims, which could result in material losses. CNA s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have exposures related to A EP claims. CNA s experience has been that establishing claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for casualty coverages relating to A EP claims is subject to uncertainties that are greater than those presented by more traditional property and casualty claims. Additionally, 21 Table of Contents traditional actuarial methods and techniques employed to estimate the ultimate cost of claims for more traditional property and casualty exposures are less precise in estimating claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for A EP. As a result, estimating the ultimate cost of both reported and unreported A EP claims is subject to a higher degree of variability. On August 31, 2010, CNA completed a retroactive reinsurance transaction under which substantially all of its legacy A EP liabilities were ceded to National Indemnity Company ( NICO ), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., subject to an aggregate limit of $4.0 billion ( loss portfolio transfer or LPT ). The cumulative amount ceded under the loss portfolio transfer as of December 31, 2025 was $3.9 billion. If the other parties to the loss portfolio transfer do not fully perform their obligations, net losses incurred on A EP claims covered by the loss portfolio transfer exceed the aggregate limit of $4.0 billion or CNA determines it has exposures to A EP claims not covered by the loss portfolio transfer, CNA may need to increase its recorded net reserves which would result in a charge against earnings. These charges could be substantial. Additionally, if the A EP claims exceed the limit of the loss portfolio transfer, CNA will need to assess whether to purchase additional limit or to reassume claim handling responsibility for A EP claims from an affiliate of NICO. Any additional reinsurance premium or future claim handling costs would also reduce CNA s earnings. CNA is exposed to, and may face adverse developments related to, mass tort claims that could arise from, among other things, its insureds sale or use of potentially harmful products or substances, claims of sexual abuse and molestation against CNA s insureds and changes to the social and legal environment, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes, issues related to altered interpretation of coverage and other new and emerging claim theories. CNA faces potential exposure to various types of existing, new and emerging mass tort claims including, those related to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances, such as glyphosate, lead paint, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ( PFAS ) and opioids; sexual abuse and molestation claims, claims arising from changes that expand the right to sue, remove limitations on recovery, extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise repeal or weaken tort reforms, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes; and claims related to new and emerging theories of liability, such as those related to global warming and climate change. Evolving judicial interpretations, increased participation by plaintiff s lawyers in insurance claims, rising litigation activity, higher monetary verdicts, abusive litigation practices, the growth of third-party litigation financing and new legislation regarding the application of various tort theories and defenses, including application of various theories of joint and several liability, as well as the application of insurance coverage to these claims, give rise to new and potentially more severe claim activity. For example, CNA has recorded, and may continue to record, increases in its mass tort reserves, driven substantially by abuse reviver statutes that have resulted in increased claims. Similar and continuing mass tort claim activity, including activity based on changing judicial interpretations and recent and proposed legislation could have a material adverse effect on CNA s business, results of operations and financial condition. CNA faces intense competition in its industry; it may be adversely affected by the cyclical nature of the property and casualty business and by the evolving landscape of its distribution network. All aspects of the insurance industry are highly competitive and CNA must continuously allocate resources to refine and improve its insurance products and services to remain competitive. CNA competes with a large number of stock and mutual insurance companies and other entities, some of which may be larger or have greater financial or other resources than CNA does, for both distributors and customers. This includes agents, brokers and managing general underwriters who may increasingly compete with CNA, including as a result of markets continuing to provide them with direct access to providers of capital seeking exposure to insurance risk. Insurers compete on the basis of many factors, including products, price, services, ratings and financial strength. The competitor landscape has evolved substantially in recent years, with significant consolidation and new market entrants, such as insuretech firms, resulting in increased pressures on CNA s ability to remain competitive, particularly in obtaining pricing that is both attractive to CNA s customer base and risk appropriate to CNA. In addition, the property and casualty market is cyclical and has experienced periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, resulting in less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of relatively lower levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. CNA may lose business to competitors offering competitive insurance products at lower prices. As a result, CNA s premium levels and expense ratio could be materially adversely impacted. CNA markets its insurance products worldwide primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance brokers and managing general underwriters who also promote and distribute the products of CNA s competitors, and in certain cases their own products. Any change in CNA s relationships with its distribution network agents, brokers or managing general underwriters, including as a result of consolidation or their increased promotion and distribution of CNA s competitors or their own products, could adversely affect CNA s ability to sell its products. As a result, CNA s business volume and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. 22 Table of Contents CNA s underwriting strategies currently rely on the effectiveness of reinsurance arrangements and CNA accordingly faces risks relating to reinsurance, including obtaining reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, reinsurance counterparty risk and ineffective reinsurance coverage. A primary reason CNA purchases reinsurance is to manage its exposure to risk, thereby facilitating its underwriting strategies in certain key areas. Under CNA s ceded reinsurance arrangements, a reinsurer assumes a specified portion of its exposure in exchange for a specified portion of policy premiums. The availability and cost of the reinsurance protection CNA purchases, which affects the volatility and profitability of its business, as well as the level and types of risk CNA retains, is determined by many factors, including general economic conditions and conditions in the reinsurance market, such as the occurrence of significant reinsured events or unexpected adverse trends, including those associated with climate change. If CNA is unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, CNA s risk exposure will not be mitigated to the degree desired or it may forego such increased risk, thereby adversely impacting its underwriting strategies. In addition, use of reinsurance exposes CNA to credit risk of the reinsurers, as the reinsurance arrangements do not relieve it of the liability to the customer. If a reinsurer is unable to meet its financial obligations under a reinsurance arrangement, CNA will remain obligated under the original policies issued to its customers. Furthermore, while CNA uses various risk management methods, including the use of reinsurance, to effectively manage risk, there is the possibility that one or more natural catastrophes and/or terrorism or other events could result in claims substantially exceeding expectations, thereby making the reinsurance strategy significantly less effective. Such reinsurance-related risks could have a material adverse effect on CNA s business, results of operations and financial condition and adversely affect its underwriting strategies in certain lines of business. CNA may be adversely affected by technological changes or disruptions in the insurance marketplace. Technological changes in the way insurance transactions are completed in the marketplace, and CNA s ability to react effectively to such change, may present significant competitive risks. For example, more insurers are utilizing or may begin utilizing big data analytics or artificial intelligence ( AI ) to make underwriting or other decisions that impact product design and pricing. If such utilization by CNA s industry peers is more effective than how it uses its data and information, including through its own use of AI, CNA will be at a competitive disadvantage. There can be no assurance that CNA will continue to compete effectively with its industry peers due to technological changes; accordingly this may have a material adverse effect on CNA s business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, agents and brokers, technology companies or other third parties may create alternate distribution channels for commercial business that may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. For example, they may create a digitally enabled distribution channel that may adversely impact CNA s competitive position. CNA s efforts or the efforts of agents and brokers with respect to new products or alternate distribution channels, as well as changes in the way agents and brokers utilize greater levels of data and technology, including AI, could adversely impact CNA s business relationships with independent agents and brokers who currently market its products, resulting in a lower volume and/or profitability of business generated from these sources. Further, CNA s business could be affected as its policyholders adopt AI technologies. Policyholder use of AI could introduce novel exposures that may result in new or increased claims. Widespread adoption of AI could fundamentally disrupt entire industries, which could impact the demand for certain products. CNA may incur significant realized and unrealized investment losses and volatility in net investment income arising from changes in the financial markets. CNA s investment portfolio is exposed to various risks, such as interest rate, credit spread, issuer default, equity prices and foreign currency, which are unpredictable. Financial markets are highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, monetary policies, tariff policies, tax policies, interest rates, domestic and international geopolitical issues and many other factors. Changes in financial markets, including fluctuations in interest rates, credit, equity prices and foreign currency prices, and many other factors beyond CNA s control can adversely affect the value of its investments, the realization of investment income and the rate at which it discounts certain liabilities. CNA s investment portfolio is also subject to increased valuation uncertainties when investment markets are illiquid. The valuation of investments is more subjective when markets are illiquid, thereby increasing the risk that the estimated fair value (i.e., the carrying amount) of the portion of CNA s investment portfolio that is carried at fair value in the financial statements is not reflective of prices at which actual transactions could occur. CNA has significant holdings in fixed maturity investments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. A decline in interest rates may reduce the returns earned on new fixed maturity investments, thereby reducing CNA s net investment income, while an increase in interest rates