=== L_2026-02-10.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business and the businesses of our subsidiaries face many risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could lead to events or circumstances that have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or equity and/or the business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and/or equity of one or more of our subsidiaries. We have described below the material risks facing us and our subsidiaries. There may be 19 Table of Contents additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we do not currently perceive to be material that may also materially adversely impact our business or the businesses of one or more of our subsidiaries. You should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information included in this Report and any subsequent reports we may file with the SEC and the information we make available to the public before investing in any securities issued by us. Our subsidiaries, CNA Financial Corporation and Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP, also file reports with the SEC. You are also cautioned to carefully review and consider the information contained in the reports filed by those subsidiaries with the SEC and the information they make available to the public before investing in any of their securities. Risks Related to Us and Our Subsidiary, CNA If CNA determines that its recorded insurance reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, CNA may need to increase its insurance reserves which would result in a charge to CNA’s earnings. CNA maintains insurance reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for reported and unreported claims. Insurance reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex management estimates developed utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques as of a given reporting date. The reserve estimation process involves a high degree of judgment and variability and is subject to a number of factors which are highly uncertain. These factors can be affected by both changes in internal processes and external events. Key variables include frequency of claims, claim severity, mortality, morbidity, discount rates, economic, social and medical inflation, claim handling policies and procedures, case reserving approach, underwriting and pricing policies, changes in the legal and regulatory environment and the lag time between the occurrence of an insured event and the time of its ultimate settlement. Mortality is the relative incidence of death. Morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted. There is generally a higher degree of variability in estimating required reserves for long-tail coverages, such as long-term care, workers’ compensation, general liability and professional liability, as they require a relatively longer period of time for claims to be reported and settled. The impact of changes in economic and social inflation, and medical costs are also more pronounced for long-tail coverages due to the longer settlement period. Certain risks and uncertainties associated with CNA’s insurance reserves are outlined in the Insurance Reserves and Critical Accounting Estimates sections of MD&A in Item 7. CNA is subject to the uncertain effects of emerging and potential claims and coverage issues that arise as industry practices and legal, judicial, social, economic, geopolitical and other environmental conditions change. The impact of social inflation continues to be significant, and the trajectory of its future impact remains uncertain. In addition, passage of reviver statutes that extend, or eliminate, the statute of limitations for the reporting of claims, including statutes passed in certain states with respect to sexual molestation and sexual abuse, increase the uncertainty of the frequency of claims, and the impact of social inflation has, and may continue to, increase the severity of these claims. Further, broader economic and geopolitical conditions, including the imposition of significant tariffs by the U.S., as well as any related retaliatory tariffs, may result in considerable increases in certain costs that would increase loss costs. These issues have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition by either extending coverage beyond the original underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims, resulting in further increases in CNA’s reserves. The effects of unforeseen emerging or potential claim and coverage issues are extremely difficult to predict and may be material. In light of the many uncertainties associated with establishing the estimates and making the judgments necessary to establish reserve levels, CNA continually reviews and changes its reserve estimates in a regular and ongoing process as experience develops from the actual reporting and settlement of claims and as the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. When CNA’s recorded reserves are insufficient for any reason, the required increase in reserves is recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. These charges have been and in the future could be substantial. CNA’s actual experience could vary from the key assumptions used to determine future policy benefit reserves for long-term care policies. CNA’s future policy benefit reserves for long-term care policies are based on CNA’s best estimate actuarial assumptions, which are assessed quarterly and updated at least annually. Key actuarial assumptions include morbidity, persistency, premium rate actions and expenses. The adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and CNA’s future expectations related to these key assumptions. If actual or expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring CNA to increase reserves. The required increase in reserves is recorded as a charge 20 Table of Contents against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. These charges have been and in the future could be substantial. The reserves are discounted using upper-medium grade fixed income instrument yields as of each reporting date. Discount rates are subject to interest rate and market volatility. See the Life & Group Policyholder Reserves portion of the Insurance Reserves section of MD&A in Item 7 for more information. Morbidity and persistency experience can be volatile and may be negatively affected by many factors including policyholder behavior, judicial decisions regarding policy terms, socioeconomic factors, cost of care inflation, changes in health trends and advances in medical care. A prolonged period during which investment returns remain at low levels could result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting CNA’s obligations under long-term care policies. This risk may be more significant for CNA’s long-term care products when the long potential duration of the policy obligations exceeds the duration of the supporting investment assets. In addition, CNA may not receive regulatory approval for the level of premium rate increases it requests. Any adverse deviation between the level of premium rate actions approved and the level included in CNA’s reserving assumptions may require an increase to its reserves. Further, and as noted in the previous risk factor, the increasingly adverse impact of social inflation, particularly with respect to legal activity and judicial decisions, may impact CNA’s long-term care portfolio and reserves. CNA is vulnerable to material losses from natural and man-made disasters. Catastrophe losses are an inevitable part of CNA’s business. Various events can cause catastrophe losses. These events can be natural or man-made, and may include hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, droughts, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil unrest, cyber-attacks, pandemics and acts of terrorism. The frequency and severity of these catastrophe events are inherently unpredictable. Exposure to cyber risk is increasing systematically due to greater digital dependence, which increases the potential for, and the potential losses due to, a catastrophic cyber event. Catastrophic cyber-attack scenarios are not bound by time or geographic limitations and cyber-related catastrophic perils do not have well-established definitions or fundamental physical properties. In addition, longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing and new types of, and heightened, catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, its associated extreme weather events linked to rising temperatures and its effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures, sea levels, rain, drought, hail and snow. Climate studies by government agencies, academic institutions, catastrophe modeling organizations and other groups indicate that climate change may be altering the frequency and/or severity of catastrophic weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, droughts, fires and floods. The extent of CNA’s losses from catastrophes is a function of the total amount of its insured exposures in the affected areas, the frequency and severity of the events themselves, the level of CNA’s reinsurance coverage, reinsurance reinstatement premiums and state residual market assessments, if any. It can take a long time for the ultimate cost of any catastrophe losses to CNA to be finally determined, as a multitude of factors contribute to such costs, including evaluation of general liability and pollution exposures, infrastructure disruption, business interruption and reinsurance collectability. Further, significant catastrophic events or a series of catastrophic events have the potential to impose financial stress on the reinsurance industry, which could impact CNA’s ability to collect amounts owed to CNA by reinsurers, thereby resulting in higher net incurred losses. Reinsurance coverage for “unconventional” terrorism events (such as nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks) is provided only in limited circumstances. CNA’s principal reinsurance protection against these large-scale terrorist attacks is the coverage currently provided through the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 (“TRIPRA”) through December 31, 2027. However, such coverage is subject to a mandatory deductible and other limitations. It is also possible that future legislation could change or eliminate the program, which could adversely affect CNA’s business by increasing its exposure to terrorism losses, or by lowering its business volume through efforts to avoid that exposure. For a further discussion of TRIPRA, see Part II, Item 7, MD&A - Catastrophes and Related Reinsurance. As a result of the items discussed above, catastrophe losses are particularly difficult to estimate, could cause CNA to exhaust its available reinsurance limits, could lead to large losses and could adversely affect the cost and availability of reinsurance. Accordingly, catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. CNA has exposure related to A&EP claims, which could result in material losses. CNA’s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have exposures related to A&EP claims. CNA’s experience has been that establishing claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for casualty coverages relating to A&EP claims is subject to uncertainties that are greater than those presented by more traditional property and casualty claims. Additionally, 21 Table of Contents traditional actuarial methods and techniques employed to estimate the ultimate cost of claims for more traditional property and casualty exposures are less precise in estimating claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for A&EP. As a result, estimating the ultimate cost of both reported and unreported A&EP claims is subject to a higher degree of variability. On August 31, 2010, CNA completed a retroactive reinsurance transaction under which substantially all of its legacy A&EP liabilities were ceded to National Indemnity Company (“NICO”), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., subject to an aggregate limit of $4.0 billion (“loss portfolio transfer” or “LPT”). The cumulative amount ceded under the loss portfolio transfer as of December 31, 2025 was $3.9 billion. If the other parties to the loss portfolio transfer do not fully perform their obligations, net losses incurred on A&EP claims covered by the loss portfolio transfer exceed the aggregate limit of $4.0 billion or CNA determines it has exposures to A&EP claims not covered by the loss portfolio transfer, CNA may need to increase its recorded net reserves which would result in a charge against earnings. These charges could be substantial. Additionally, if the A&EP claims exceed the limit of the loss portfolio transfer, CNA will need to assess whether to purchase additional limit or to reassume claim handling responsibility for A&EP claims from an affiliate of NICO. Any additional reinsurance premium or future claim handling costs would also reduce CNA’s earnings. CNA is exposed to, and may face adverse developments related to, mass tort claims that could arise from, among other things, its insureds’ sale or use of potentially harmful products or substances, claims of sexual abuse and molestation against CNA’s insureds and changes to the social and legal environment, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes, issues related to altered interpretation of coverage and other new and emerging claim theories. CNA faces potential exposure to various types of existing, new and emerging mass tort claims including, those related to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances, such as glyphosate, lead paint, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”) and opioids; sexual abuse and molestation claims, claims arising from changes that expand the right to sue, remove limitations on recovery, extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise repeal or weaken tort reforms, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes; and claims related to new and emerging theories of liability, such as those related to global warming and climate change. Evolving judicial interpretations, increased participation by plaintiff’s lawyers in insurance claims, rising litigation activity, higher monetary verdicts, abusive litigation practices, the growth of third-party litigation financing and new legislation regarding the application of various tort theories and defenses, including application of various theories of joint and several liability, as well as the application of insurance coverage to these claims, give rise to new and potentially more severe claim activity. For example, CNA has recorded, and may continue to record, increases in its mass tort reserves, driven substantially by abuse reviver statutes that have resulted in increased claims. Similar and continuing mass tort claim activity, including activity based on changing judicial interpretations and recent and proposed legislation could have a material adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition. CNA faces intense competition in its industry; it may be adversely affected by the cyclical nature of the property and casualty business and by the evolving landscape of its distribution network. All aspects of the insurance industry are highly competitive and CNA must continuously allocate resources to refine and improve its insurance products and services to remain competitive. CNA competes with a large number of stock and mutual insurance companies and other entities, some of which may be larger or have greater financial or other resources than CNA does, for both distributors and customers. This includes agents, brokers and managing general underwriters who may increasingly compete with CNA, including as a result of markets continuing to provide them with direct access to providers of capital seeking exposure to insurance risk. Insurers compete on the basis of many factors, including products, price, services, ratings and financial strength. The competitor landscape has evolved substantially in recent years, with significant consolidation and new market entrants, such as insuretech firms, resulting in increased pressures on CNA’s ability to remain competitive, particularly in obtaining pricing that is both attractive to CNA’s customer base and risk appropriate to CNA. In addition, the property and casualty market is cyclical and has experienced periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, resulting in less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of relatively lower levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. CNA may lose business to competitors offering competitive insurance products at lower prices. As a result, CNA’s premium levels and expense ratio could be materially adversely impacted. CNA markets its insurance products worldwide primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance brokers and managing general underwriters who also promote and distribute the products of CNA’s competitors, and in certain cases their own products. Any change in CNA’s relationships with its distribution network agents, brokers or managing general underwriters, including as a result of consolidation or their increased promotion and distribution of CNA’s competitors’ or their own products, could adversely affect CNA’s ability to sell its products. As a result, CNA’s business volume and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. 22 Table of Contents CNA’s underwriting strategies currently rely on the effectiveness of reinsurance arrangements and CNA accordingly faces risks relating to reinsurance, including obtaining reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, reinsurance counterparty risk and ineffective reinsurance coverage. A primary reason CNA purchases reinsurance is to manage its exposure to risk, thereby facilitating its underwriting strategies in certain key areas. Under CNA’s ceded reinsurance arrangements, a reinsurer assumes a specified portion of its exposure in exchange for a specified portion of policy premiums. The availability and cost of the reinsurance protection CNA purchases, which affects the volatility and profitability of its business, as well as the level and types of risk CNA retains, is determined by many factors, including general economic conditions and conditions in the reinsurance market, such as the occurrence of significant reinsured events or unexpected adverse trends, including those associated with climate change. If CNA is unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, CNA’s risk exposure will not be mitigated to the degree desired or it may forego such increased risk, thereby adversely impacting its underwriting strategies. In addition, use of reinsurance exposes CNA to credit risk of the reinsurers, as the reinsurance arrangements do not relieve it of the liability to the customer. If a reinsurer is unable to meet its financial obligations under a reinsurance arrangement, CNA will remain obligated under the original policies issued to its customers. Furthermore, while CNA uses various risk management methods, including the use of reinsurance, to effectively manage risk, there is the possibility that one or more natural catastrophes and/or terrorism or other events could result in claims substantially exceeding expectations, thereby making the reinsurance strategy significantly less effective. Such reinsurance-related risks could have a material adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition and adversely affect its underwriting strategies in certain lines of business. CNA may be adversely affected by technological changes or disruptions in the insurance marketplace. Technological changes in the way insurance transactions are completed in the marketplace, and CNA’s ability to react effectively to such change, may present significant competitive risks. For example, more insurers are utilizing or may begin utilizing “big data” analytics or artificial intelligence (“AI”) to make underwriting or other decisions that impact product design and pricing. If such utilization by CNA’s industry peers is more effective than how it uses its data and information, including through its own use of AI, CNA will be at a competitive disadvantage. There can be no assurance that CNA will continue to compete effectively with its industry peers due to technological changes; accordingly this may have a material adverse effect on CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, agents and brokers, technology companies or other third parties may create alternate distribution channels for commercial business that may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. For example, they may create a digitally enabled distribution channel that may adversely impact CNA’s competitive position. CNA’s efforts or the efforts of agents and brokers with respect to new products or alternate distribution channels, as well as changes in the way agents and brokers utilize greater levels of data and technology, including AI, could adversely impact CNA’s business relationships with independent agents and brokers who currently market its products, resulting in a lower volume and/or profitability of business generated from these sources. Further, CNA’s business could be affected as its policyholders adopt AI technologies. Policyholder use of AI could introduce novel exposures that may result in new or increased claims. Widespread adoption of AI could fundamentally disrupt entire industries, which could impact the demand for certain products. CNA may incur significant realized and unrealized investment losses and volatility in net investment income arising from changes in the financial markets. CNA’s investment portfolio is exposed to various risks, such as interest rate, credit spread, issuer default, equity prices and foreign currency, which are unpredictable. Financial markets are highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, monetary policies, tariff policies, tax policies, interest rates, domestic and international geopolitical issues and many other factors. Changes in financial markets, including fluctuations in interest rates, credit, equity prices and foreign currency prices, and many other factors beyond CNA’s control can adversely affect the value of its investments, the realization of investment income and the rate at which it discounts certain liabilities. CNA’s investment portfolio is also subject to increased valuation uncertainties when investment markets are illiquid. The valuation of investments is more subjective when markets are illiquid, thereby increasing the risk that the estimated fair value (i.e., the carrying amount) of the portion of CNA’s investment portfolio that is carried at fair value in the financial statements is not reflective of prices at which actual transactions could occur. CNA has significant holdings in fixed maturity investments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. A decline in interest rates may reduce the returns earned on new fixed maturity investments, thereby reducing CNA’s net investment income, while an increase in interest rates may reduce the value of its existing fixed maturity investments, which could 23 Table of Contents increase CNA’s net unrealized losses or reduce its net unrealized gains included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (“AOCI”). The value of CNA’s fixed maturity investments is also subject to risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to deterioration in the financial condition of issuers of the investments CNA holds or in the underlying collateral of the security. In addition, CNA invests a portion of its assets in limited partnerships and common stock which are subject to greater market volatility than its fixed maturity investments. Limited partnership investments generally provide a lower level of liquidity than fixed maturity or equity investments, which may also limit CNA’s ability to withdraw funds from these investments. The timing and amount of income or losses on such investments is inherently variable and can contribute to volatility in reported earnings. Further, CNA holds a portfolio of commercial mortgage loans. CNA is subject to risk related to the recoverability of loan balances, which is influenced by declines in the estimated cash flows from underlying property leases, fair value of collateral, refinancing risk and the creditworthiness of tenants of the underlying properties, where lease payments directly service the loan. Any changes in actual or expected collections would result in a charge to earnings. As a result of these factors, CNA may not earn an adequate return on its investments, may be required to write down the value of its investments and may incur losses on the disposition of its investments, all of which could materially adversely affect CNA’s business, results of operations and financial condition. CNA uses analytical models to assist its decision making in key areas such as pricing, reserving, catastrophe risks and capital modeling and may be adversely affected if actual results differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses. CNA uses various modeling techniques and data analytics (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and forecasting) to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with its assets and liabilities. This includes both proprietary and third party modeled outputs and related analyses to assist CNA in decision-making related to underwriting, pricing, capital allocation, reserving, investing, reinsurance and catastrophe risk, among other things. CNA incorporates numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of policyholder behavior, loss frequency and severity, interest rates, equity markets, inflation, capital requirements, and currency exchange rates, among others. The modeled outputs and related analyses from both proprietary models and third parties are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model design errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis. Further, climate change may make modeled outcomes less certain or produce new, non-modeled risks. In addition, the effectiveness of any model can be degraded by operational risks, including the improper use of the model, input errors, data errors and human error. As a result, actual results may differ materially from CNA’s modeled results. CNA’s profitability and financial condition substantially depends on the extent to which its actual experience is consistent with the assumptions CNA uses in its models and ultimate model outputs. If, based upon these models or other factors, CNA misprices its products or fails to appropriately estimate the risks it is exposed to, its business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Any significant interruption in the operation of CNA’s business functions, facilities or systems or its vendors’ facilities or systems could result in a materially adverse effect on its operations. CNA’s business is highly dependent upon its ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, through its employees or vendor relationships and using its and its vendors’ facilities and systems, necessary business functions, such as providing internet support and 24-hour call centers, processing new and renewal business, providing customer service, processing and paying claims and other obligations and issuing financial statements. CNA’s, or its vendors’, facilities and systems could become unavailable, inoperable, or otherwise impaired from a variety of causes, including natural events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, severe winter weather and fires, or other events, such as explosions, terrorist attacks, computer security breaches or cyber attacks, riots, hazardous material releases, medical epidemics or pandemics, utility outages, interruptions of data processing and storage systems or unavailability of communications facilities or systems. Likewise, CNA could experience a significant failure, interruption or corruption of one or more of its vendors’ information technology, telecommunications, or other systems for various reasons, including significant failures or interruptions that might occur as existing systems are replaced or upgraded. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of CNA’s or its vendors’ systems or facilities for these or any other reasons could significantly impair CNA’s ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. 24 Table of Contents In addition, because CNA and its vendors’ information technology, telecommunications and other systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, CNA could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. If sustained or repeated, such events could result in a deterioration of CNA’s ability to perform necessary business functions. The foregoing risks could expose CNA to monetary and reputational damages. Potential additional exposures relating to significant interruptions to CNA’s

=== L_2026-05-04.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes a discussion of material risk factors facing the Company. There have been no material changes to such risk factors as of the date of this Report. 54 Table of contents Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. Items 2 (a) and (b) are inapplicable. (c) STOCK REPURCHASES Period (a) Total number of shares purchased (b) Average price paid per share (c) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (d) Maximum number of shares (or approximate dollar value) of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (in millions) January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 N/A N/A N/A N/A February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 144,525 $ 108.90 N/A N/A March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 140,651 108.72 N/A N/A Item 5. Other Information None 55 Table of contents Item 6. Exhibits. Description of Exhibit Exhibit Number Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 31.1* Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 31.2* Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 32.1* Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 32.2* XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.INS * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.SCH * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.CAL * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.DEF * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.LAB * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 101.PRE * Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 104* *Filed herewith. 56 Table of contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. LOEWS CORPORATION (Registrant) Dated: May 4, 2026 By: /s/ Jane J. Wang JANE J. WANG Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Duly authorized officer and principal financial officer) 57 