=== SNPS_2025-12-22.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Form 10-K, and our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto set forth in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Please also see the cautionary language at the beginning of Part I of this Annual Report regarding forward-looking statements. Unless otherwise noted, this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations does not include the operations of our former Software Integrity business. See Note 3. Discontinued Operations of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for additional information about the sale of our former Software Integrity business (the Software Integrity Divestiture). Fiscal 2025 Financial Performance Summary For fiscal 2025, our results reflect continued, strong execution and the resiliency of our business, including 15% revenue growth compared to fiscal 2024, primarily due to revenue growth across a majority of product groups and geographies and the closing of the Ansys Merger, which contributed $756.6 million in revenue, which was offset by weakness in our business in China, which saw revenue decrease 22% compared to fiscal 2024, excluding Ansys. We saw strength in our Design Automation segment, including strong demand for our hardware products. This was offset by weakness in our Design IP segment, due to several headwinds, including China export control restrictions, such as the Q3 2025 BIS Restrictions (as defined below), which disrupted customer design starts in China, weaker than expected demand from a major foundry customer, and certain roadmap and resource decisions that did not yield their intended results. We have begun taking actions to sharpen our execution and reallocate resources to the highest growth opportunities in our Design IP segment, but expect to see muted growth in fiscal 2026. The following table sets forth some of our key consolidated financial information for each of our last three fiscal years: Year Ended October 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions, except per share amounts) Revenue $ 7,054.2 $ 6,127.4 $ 5,318.0 Cost of revenue $ 1,623.5 $ 1,245.3 $ 1,030.9 Operating expenses $ 4,515.7 $ 3,526.4 $ 3,013.9 Operating income $ 914.9 $ 1,355.7 $ 1,273.2 Net income from continuing operations attributed to Synopsys $ 1,336.1 $ 1,441.7 $ 1,227.0 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations attributed to Synopsys $ (3.9) $ 821.7 $ 2.8 Diluted net income (loss) per share attributed to Synopsys: Continuing operations $ 8.07 $ 9.25 $ 7.91 Discontinued operations $ (0.03) $ 5.26 $ 0.01 Fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 financial performance summary Revenues were $7.1 billion, an increase of $926.8 million or 15%, which includes revenues from Ansys of $756.6 million. The remaining growth came organically across a majority of products and geographies and was partially offset by the impact of the extra week in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 of approximately $63.2 million, and by weakness in our business in China, which saw revenue decrease 22% compared to fiscal 2024, excluding Ansys, and in our Design IP segment due to several headwinds, including China export control restrictions, such as the Q3 2025 BIS Restrictions, weaker than expected demand from a major foundry customer, and certain roadmap and resource decisions that did not yield their intended results. Total cost of revenue and operating expenses was $6.1 billion, an increase of $1.4 billion or 29%, primarily due to an increase of $664.5 million in employee-related costs from headcount increases as a result of the Ansys Merger of $432.1 million and the balance from organic growth, as well as $457.8 million of amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired from the Ansys Merger. 34 Table of Contents Fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 financial performance summary Revenues were $6.1 billion, an increase of $809.4 million or 15%, primarily due to revenue growth across all products and geographies. Total cost of revenue and operating expenses was $4.8 billion, an increase of $726.9 million or 18%, primarily due to an increase of $325.8 million in employee-related costs resulting from headcount increases through organic growth and acquisitions. Operating income was $1.4 billion, an increase of $82.5 million or 6%. Net income from discontinued operations was $821.7 million, an increase of $818.9 million, primarily due to the gain on Software Integrity Divestiture. Business Summary Synopsys delivers industry-leading silicon design, simulation and analysis (S A) and IP solutions as well as design services. We partner closely with our customers across a wide range of industries to maximize their R D capability and productivity, powering innovation today that ignites the ingenuity of tomorrow. For more information about our business segments and product groups, see Part I, Item 1, Business in our Annual Report. We have consistently grown our revenue since 2005, despite periods of global economic uncertainty. We achieved these results because of our solid execution, leading technologies and strong customer relationships, and because we generally recognize our revenue for software licenses over the arrangement period, which typically approximates two to three years. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for a discussion on our revenue recognition policy . The revenue we recognize in a particular period generally results from selling efforts in prior periods rather than the current period. As a result, decreases as well as increases in customer spending do not immediately affect our revenue in a significant way. Our growth strategy is focused on expanding our total addressable market by maximizing the capabilities of R D teams across industries spanning semiconductor, high-tech, industrial, aerospace, and more with engineering solutions from silicon to systems. Our priorities are to maintain and expand our technology leadership, drive sustainable growth and efficiently scale to accelerate our strategy. Our revenue growth from period to period is expected to vary based on the mix of our time-based and upfront products. Our upfront products have grown at a faster rate than our time-based products in recent periods, which has resulted in, and may in the future result in, increased fluctuation in our business, operating results and overall financial position on a quarterly basis. Such fluctuation may be more pronounced depending on demand from our larger customers. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, "Our operating results may fluctuate in the future, which may adversely affect our stock price" of this Annual Report for further discussion on potential fluctuations in our operating results. Based on our leading technologies, customer relationships, business model, diligent expense management and acquisition strategy, we believe that we will continue to execute our strategies successfully. Acquisition of Ansys On July 17, 2025 (the Acquisition Date), we completed our acquisition of ANSYS, Inc. (Ansys) pursuant to the terms of the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 15, 2024 (the Merger Agreement) by and among Synopsys, Ansys and ALTA Acquisition Corp. (Merger Sub), a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys (the Ansys Merger). See Note 4. Business Combinations of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Ansys Merger. For more on risks related to the Ansys Merger, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , Risks Related to the Ansys Merger " of this Annual Report. Impact of the Current Macroeconomic Environment The current macroeconomic environment, including the effects of, among other things, changes in U.S. and global trade policy, including the tariffs enacted in 2025 by the U.S. and other governments, sustained global inflationary pressures and elevated interest rates, potential economic slowdowns or recessions, supply chain disruptions, geopolitical pressures, and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, have resulted in increased volatility in global markets. While we have seen continued strength in the artificial intelligence and high-performance computing sectors, certain industries such as industrial, automotive and consumer electronics have recovered more slowly from recent macroeconomic uncertainty. The current uncertain macroeconomic environment has led some of our 35 Table of Contents customers to postpone their decision-making, delay their drawdowns under non-cancellable commitments, decrease their spending and/or delay their payments to us. We expect growth across our geographies in fiscal 2026; however, we are expecting a challenging near-term environment, including in China, due to macroeconomic factors and Trade Restrictions (as defined below). See the discussion below under the heading "Impact of Global Trade Policy and the Current Geopolitical Environment" and in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , " We are subject to governmental export and import requirements that could subject us to liability and restrict our ability to sell our products and services, which could impair our ability to compete in international markets " of this Annual Report for further discussion of the impact of Trade Restrictions, including export control regulations and geopolitical events on Synopsys. While our time-based model provides stability to our business, operating results and overall financial position, the broader implications of these macroeconomic or geopolitical events, particularly in the long term, remain uncertain. Further, the negative impact of these events or disruptions may be deferred due to our business model. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, and its potential impact on the semiconductor and electronics industries, may negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition and " Our operating results may fluctuate in the future, which may adversely affect our stock price " of this Annual Report for further discussion of the impact of global economic uncertainty on our business, operations and financial condition and potential fluctuations in our operating results, respectively. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report for further discussion of the impact of global economic and geopolitical uncertainty on our business, operations and financial condition. Impact of Global Trade Policy and the Current Geopolitical Environment We are actively monitoring changes to global trade policy, such as changes to U.S. Export Regulations (as defined below) and developments related to the tariffs enacted by the U.S. government. In fiscal 2025, the U.S. government imposed a number of new and higher U.S. tariffs on imports from countries around the world. Certain countries have responded to the U.S. tariffs by imposing or threatening retaliatory tariffs. There may be additional changes to tariffs or new tariffs and other aspects of global trade policy in fiscal 2026 in the U.S. and other countries due to global trade negotiations and other factors. These changes in global trade policy have not had a material impact on our business, operating results or financial condition to date. The Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce (BIS) has continued to publish changes to U.S. export control regulations (the U.S. Export Regulations), including, among other things, the inclusion of certain Chinese technology companies on the Entity List, restrictions on the export of electronic computer-aided design (ECAD) software specially designed for the development of certain ICs, as well as controls on ECAD software for advanced semiconductor packaging involving multiple chips or chiplets, and certain other restrictions on China s access to certain semiconductor and advanced computing technology. U.S.-China relations remain fluid, in particular with respect to trade policy and export restrictions relating to dual-use technologies. For example, on May 29, 2025, Synopsys received a so-called is-informed letter from the BIS imposing a license requirement for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of EDA software and technology classified under export control classification numbers (ECCNs) 3D991 and 3E991 when a party to the transaction is located in China or is a Chinese military end user, wherever located (such restrictions, the Q3 2025 BIS Restrictions). The Q3 2025 BIS Restrictions were subsequently rescinded on July 2, 2025. China export control restrictions, including the Q3 2025 BIS Restrictions, have negatively impacted our business in China, including in our Design IP segment, and may continue to impact design starts or other aspects of our business in China in the future. The evolving nature of U.S. Export Regulations, including the potential for new and expanded license requirements of this or similar nature, creates uncertainty regarding the current and future impacts on our business. We anticipate additional changes to the U.S. Export Regulations or other U.S. or non-U.S. export, sanctions, or similar trade requirements (collectively, the Trade Restrictions) in the future, but we cannot forecast the scope or timing of such changes, nor the impact on our business. We will continue to monitor such developments, including potential additional Trade Restrictions, new or expanded license requirements, and other regulatory or policy changes by the U.S. and foreign governments. For more on risks related to government export and import restrictions such as the U.S. government s Entity List and other U.S. Export Regulations, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , We are subject to governmental export and import requirements that could subject us to liability and restrict our ability to sell our products and services, which could impair our ability to compete in international markets . We are also monitoring other geopolitical pressures around the world, including, among others, changes in China-Taiwan and U.S.-China relations, the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East and other regional or global military 36 Table of Contents conflicts. Any significant disruption caused by these or other geopolitical pressures or conflicts could materially affect our employees, business, operating results, financial condition or customers in those regions of the world. For example, Synopsys has employees, operations, customers and strategic partners in the Middle East. While we are actively monitoring the conflicts in the Middle East, at this time they have not had a material impact on our business, operating results or financial condition to date. Business Segments Design Automation. This segment includes our advanced silicon design, verification products and services, and Ansys products, and system integration products and services. This segment also includes digital, custom and field programmable gate array (FPGA) integrated circuit (IC) design software, verification software and hardware products, and manufacturing software products. Designers use our EDA products to accelerate and automate the chip design process, reduce errors and enable more powerful and robust designs, with improved productivity for faster time to market. Engineers use our S A solutions to virtually test and optimize designs across various physics domains, such as structural analysis, thermal analysis, and computational fluid dynamics (CFD). Design IP. This segment includes our interface, foundation, security, and embedded processor IP, IP subsystems, and IP implementation services that serve companies primarily in the semiconductor and electronics industries. We are a leading provider of high-quality, silicon-proven IP solutions for system-on-chips (SoCs). This includes IP that has been optimized to address specific application requirements for the mobile, automotive, digital home, Internet of Things and AI/data center markets, enabling designers to quickly develop SoCs in these areas. Fiscal Year End We have changed our fiscal year end from the Saturday nearest to October 31 and consisting of 52 or 53 fiscal weeks to a fiscal year end of October 31 each year. The fiscal year change became effective with our fiscal 2025, which began on November 3, 2024. Our fiscal quarters end on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year. Historically, our fiscal years have been 52- or 53-week periods ending on the Saturday nearest to October 31. Fiscal 2024 was a 53-week year ended on November 2, 2024. Fiscal 2023 was a 52-week year ended on October 28, 2023. The extra week in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 resulted in approximately $63.2 million of additional revenue, and approximately $52.5 million of additional expenses, including approximately $10.6 million in stock-based compensation costs from continuing operations. For presentation purposes, this Annual Report refers to the closest calendar month end. Critical Accounting Estimates A critical accounting estimate is defined as one that has a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations and requires us to make difficult, complex or subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. Where applicable, we base these estimates and assumptions on historical experience and evaluate them on an ongoing basis to ensure that they remain reasonable under current conditions. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements regarding critical accounting estimates. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for further information on our significant accounting policies. 37 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Arrangements with customers can involve multiple products and various license rights. Customers can negotiate for a broad portfolio of solutions, and favorable terms along with future purchase options to manage their overall costs. Analysis of the terms and conditions in these contracts and their effect on revenue recognition may require significant judgment. We have concluded that our EDA software licenses in Technology Subscription License (TSL) contracts and software licenses in Ansys semiconductor products are not distinct from our obligation to provide unspecified software updates to the licensed software throughout the license term, because those promises represent inputs to a single, combined performance obligation. Where unspecified additional software product rights are part of the contract with the customer, those rights are accounted for as part of the single performance obligation that includes the licenses, updates, and technical support, because such rights are provided during the same period of time and have the same time-based pattern of transfer to the customer. Software subscription arrangements for S A solutions include bundles of time-based software licenses with support services, which includes rights to technical support and software updates that are provided over the support term and are transferred to the customer over time. We have concluded that the updates to time-based software licenses are not considered integral to maintaining the utility of the software and hence consider the license and support services as separate performance obligations. We also license S A software on a perpetual basis with support services, which includes a stand-ready obligation to provide technical support and software updates over the support term. We allocate the total consideration received for the bundled perpetual and support service arrangements based on the standalone selling prices of the perpetual license and support service. For our IP licensing arrangements, we have concluded that the licenses and support services are distinct from each other, and therefore treated as separate performance obligations. Revenues from IP licenses are recognized at a point in time upon transfer of control of the IP license, and support services are recognized over the support period as a stand ready obligation to the customer. We are required to estimate total consideration expected to be received from contracts with customers. In some circumstances, the consideration expected to be received is variable based on the specific terms of the contract or based on our expectations of the term of the contract. Generally, we have not experienced significant returns or refunds to customers. These estimates require significant judgment and the change in these estimates could have an effect on our results of operations during the periods involved. Business Combinations We allocate the purchase price of acquired companies to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date with the exception of contract assets and contract liabilities (deferred revenue) which are recognized and measured on the acquisition date in accordance with our "Revenue Recognition" policy in Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report , as if we had originated the contracts. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of these net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions for the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical experience, market conditions and information obtained from management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Changes in our estimates and assumptions may impact valuation of intangible assets, subsequent amortization of intangible assets as well as amounts recognized as goodwill. Examples of critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include, but are not limited to: future expected cash flows, which includes estimates of software license sales, subscriptions, support agreements and consulting contracts; projected expenses, which include cost of revenue, research and development and selling, general and administrative expenses (including estimated expenses required to generate the revenues attributable to different intangible assets); 38 Table of Contents historical and expected customer attrition rates and anticipated growth in revenue from acquired customers; royalty rates applied to acquired developed technology platforms and other intangible assets; expected obsolescence rates and estimated useful lives of technology-related intangible assets; expected use of the acquired assets; and discount rates used to discount expected future cash flows to present value, which are typically derived from the implied rate of return on the transaction and a weighted-average cost of capital analysis with adjustments made to reflect inherent risks of the individual assets being valued; The fair value of the definite-lived intangibles was determined using variations of the income approach. With our acquisition of Ansys, the fair value of developed technologies and trade names was determined by applying the relief from royalty method under the income approach. The relief from royalty method applies a royalty rate to projected income to quantify the benefit of owning the intangible asset rather than paying a royalty for use of the asset. The economic useful life for developed technology was determined based on historical technology obsolescence patterns and prospective technological developments. The estimated economic useful life of the trade names was determined based on the expected probability of continued use of the brand asset. We assumed royalty rates ranging from 35.0% to 45.0% for existing technology, and 2.5% for trade names. The present value of operating cash flows from the existing technology and trade names was determined using discount rate of approximately 10.0%. Customer relationships represent the fair value of the existing relationships with the acquired company s customers. Their fair value was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach, which involves isolating the net earnings attributable to the asset being measured based on the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows (excess earnings) attributable solely to the asset over its remaining useful life. The economic useful life was determined based on historical customer turnover rates. Projected income from existing customer relationships considered customer retention rates (i.e. gross retention and net retention including upsell) ranging from 85.0% to 105.0% for the direct sales channel and 70.0% to 90.0% for the indirect sales channel. The present value of operating cash flows from existing customers was determined using a discount rate of approximately 10.0%. Contract rights intangible (i.e. order backlog) represents contracted but unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations, primarily related to the dollar value of purchase arrangements with customers, effective as of a given point in time, that are based on mutually agreed terms. The fair value was determined by using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach. The economic useful life is based on the time to achieve 90.0% of cumulative undiscounted cash flows. The present value of operating cash flows from order backlog was determined using a discount rate of approximately 5.9%. We believe that our preliminary estimates and assumptions related to the fair value of acquired intangible assets are reasonable, but significant judgment is involved. As a result, during the measurement period, which will not exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of the purchase price of our acquisitions, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our Consolidated Statements of Income or Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. Results of Operations Revenue Our revenues are generated from two business segments: the Design Automation segment and the Design IP segment. See Note 19. Segment Disclosure of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for more information about our reportable segments and revenue by geographic regions. Further disaggregation of the revenues into various products and services within these two segments is summarized as follows: Design Automation Segment EDA solutions include digital, custom and FPGA IC design software, verification software and hardware products, Ansys semiconductor products, system integration products and services, and obligations to 39 Table of Contents provide unspecified updates and support services. EDA products and services are typically sold through Technology Subscription License (TSL) arrangements that grant customers the right to access and use all of the licensed products at the outset of an arrangement; software updates are generally made available throughout the entire term of the arrangement. The duration of our TSL contracts is generally two to three years, though it may vary for specific arrangements. We have concluded that the software licenses in TSL contracts are not distinct from the obligation to provide unspecified software updates to the licensed software throughout the license term, because the multiple software licenses and support represent inputs to a single, combined offering, and timely, relevant software updates are integral to maintaining the utility of the software licenses. We recognize revenue for the combined performance obligation under TSL contracts ratably over the term of the license. In the case of arrangements involving the sale of hardware products, we generally have two performance obligations. The first performance obligation is to transfer the hardware product, which includes software integral to the functionality of the hardware product. The second performance obligation is to provide maintenance on the hardware and its embedded software, which includes rights to technical support, hardware repairs and software updates that are all provided over the same term and have the same time-based pattern of transfer to the customer. The portion of the transaction price allocated to the hardware product is generally recognized as revenue at the time of shipment because the customer obtains control of the product at that point in time. We have concluded that control generally transfers at that point in time because the customer has the ability to direct the use of the asset and an obligation to pay for the hardware. The portion of the transaction price allocated to the maintenance obligation is recognized as revenue ratably over the maintenance term. S A solutions allow engineers to virtually test and optimize designs across various physics domains, such as structural analysis, thermal analysis, and CFD. S A software solutions are offered as subscription solutions and also as perpetual licenses. Software subscription arrangements include bundles of time-based software licenses with support services, which includes rights to technical support and soft