=== Q_2026-04-08.htm.gz ===
q-20260408 DEF 14A 0002058873 false xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0002058873 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 q:JonKempMember 2025-12-03 0002058873 q:JonKempMember 2025-12-09 0002058873 q:JonKempMember 2025-12-04 0002058873 q:MatthewHarbaughMember 2025-12-03 0002058873 q:MatthewHarbaughMember 2025-12-09 0002058873 q:MatthewHarbaughMember 2025-12-04 0002058873 q:ChuckXuMember 2025-12-03 0002058873 q:ChuckXuMember 2025-12-09 0002058873 q:ChuckXuMember 2025-12-04 0002058873 q:KathleenFortebuonoMember 2025-12-03 0002058873 q:KathleenFortebuonoMember 2025-12-09 0002058873 q:KathleenFortebuonoMember 2025-12-04 0002058873 q:PeterHennesseyMember 2025-12-03 0002058873 q:PeterHennesseyMember 2025-12-09 0002058873 q:PeterHennesseyMember 2025-12-04 0002058873 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0002058873 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (RULE 14a-101) SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Qnity Electronics, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Letter from the Chief Executive Officer 2025 was a defining year for Qnity, powered by strategic progress and delivery on our commitment to making tomorrow's technologies possible. Dear Fellow Stockholders, On behalf of the Qnity Board of Directors, it is my pleasure to invite you to our first Annual Meeting of Stockholders, since we completed our spin-off from DuPont and launched ourselves as a premier global solutions provider for the semiconductor value chain. 2025 was a defining year for Qnity, powered by strategic progress and delivery on our commitment to making tomorrow s technologies possible. Our focus is clear: continue being the partner of choice to customers at every stage, from chip fabrication to advanced packaging and interconnects to thermal management. Our inclusion in the S P 500 further reflects Qnity s winning strategy and differentiators, including the depth and breadth of our portfolio, our close collaboration with the world s leading technology companies, and our global footprint powered by our long-standing local-for-local operating model. In 2025, Qnity delivered solid financial performance, reflecting disciplined execution with strong organic growth across both of our business segments driven by our differentiated solutions for the industry s most advanced technologies. Capital allocation remains central to our strategy. Our priorities are to reinvest in the business to support organic growth, maintain a strong balance sheet, and return excess capital to stockholders in a disciplined and balanced manner. Strong governance underpins our success. Qnity s governance framework emphasizes independent oversight, accountability, and alignment with stockholder interests. Our Board brings diverse experience and perspectives and remains actively engaged in overseeing strategy, risk management, and company leadership. As we look ahead, we enter the next phase of Qnity s journey with focus, momentum, and a clear strategic direction. With a broad portfolio, deep innovation and application engineering expertise, disciplined strategy, and strong governance, we are well positioned to continue building durable, long term value for our stockholders. Sincerely, Jon Kemp Chief Executive Officer and Director 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Notice of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders Dear Stockholder: We welcome and encourage you to attend Qnity Electronic Inc.'s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, where stockholders will vote on the following matters either by proxy or by voting online during the Annual Meeting: Items of Business Board s Recommendations Elect the three Class I directors named in the Proxy Statement FOR See page 10 Advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers (Say on Pay) FOR See page 64 Advisory vote on the frequency of future Say on Pay votes FOR EVERY ONE YEAR See page 64 Ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 FOR See page 65 Such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. The Board of Directors (the Board or Board of Directors) of Qnity Electronics, Inc. (the Company or Qnity) has set the close of business on March 25, 2026 as the record date for determining stockholders who are entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting and to vote. As permitted by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) rules, proxy materials were made available online. Notice regarding availability of proxy materials and instructions on how to access those materials were first mailed to stockholders of record beginning on or about April 8, 2026 (the Notice). The instructions included how to vote online and how to request a paper copy of the proxy materials. This method of notice and access gives the Company a lower-cost way to furnish stockholders with their proxy materials. Please see pages 72-74 of this Proxy Statement for information on attending the Annual Meeting virtually. Thank you for your continued support and your interest in Qnity. Lauren Luptak Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary April 8, 2026 Meeting Information Date Time Thursday, May 21, 2026 1:00 P.M. Eastern Time Location Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/Q2026 Record Date March 25, 2026 How to Vote Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan on attending the Annual Meeting virtually, please vote your shares as soon as possible by internet, telephone or mail. By Internet www.proxyvote.com By Phone 1-800-690-6903 or the number provided on your voting instructions By Mail Use the postage-paid envelope provided * The Annual Meeting will be online and a completely virtual meeting of stockholders. The enclosed materials include instructions on how to participate in the Annual Meeting, including by voting and asking questions both before and during the Annual Meeting. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE STOCKHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 21, 2026 The Notice and Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com . 2 Table of Contents Board and Governance Matters 10 Item 1. Election of Class I Directors 10 Our Board of Directors 12 Director Biographies 13 Director Nomination Process 19 Corporate Governance 21 Board Leadership Structure 21 Committees 21 Board Engagement 24 Board s Oversight Role 24 Stockholder Engagement 26 Communications with the Board and Directors 26 Governance Policies and Practices 26 Code of Conduct 27 Insider Trading Policy 27 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 27 Director Compensation 28 Executive Officers 31 Compensation Discussion Analysis 32 Named Executive Officers 32 2025 Performance Highlights 33 Key Executive Compensation Decisions 33 2025 Executive Compensation Progra ms 35 2026 Components of Qnity Executive Compensation Program 36 Executive Compensation Governance Best Practices 37 Overview of 2025 Program Elements 38 Executive Compensation Decision-Making Process 38 Roles and Responsibilities 38 Stockholder Feedback 40 Compensation Risk Management 41 Benefits and Perquisites 45 Other Compensation Policies and Practices 46 Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 48 People and Compensation Committee Report 48 Executive Compensation 49 Compensation Tables and Narratives 49 Summary Compensation Table 49 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 51 Outstanding Equity Awards 52 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 54 Pension Benefits 54 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 55 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 59 Pay Versus Performance 61 Equity Compensation Plan Information 63 Item 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation (Say on Pay) 64 Item 3: Advisory Vote on Frequency of Future Advisory Say o n Pay Votes 64 Item 4: Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 65 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees 66 Audit Committee Report 67 Stock Ownership Information 68 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 69 Additional Information 70 Future Stockholder Proposals 70 Future Annual Meeting Business 70 Future Director Nominees through Proxy Access 70 Multiple Stockholders with the Same Address 71 Electronic Delivery of Proxy Materials 71 Copies of Proxy Materials and Annual Report 71 Voting, Question and Attendance Procedures 72 Vote Your Shares in Advance 72 Confidential Voting 72 Dividend Reinvestment Plan Shares 72 Qnity Shares Outstanding and Quorum 73 Proxy Solicitation on Behalf of the Board 74 Participating in the Annual Meeting 74 Other Matters 74 Appendix A A-1 2026 Proxy Statement 3 About Qnity Powering the Next Leap Forward Qnity is one of the largest global leaders in materials and solutions for the semiconductor and electronics industries. We empower our customers technology roadmaps to enable advancements in megatrends such as artificial intelligence, high-performance computing and advanced connectivity. We partner with leading semiconductor and advanced device manufacturers to address complex challenges and develop solutions that facilitate next-generation technological innovations. With over 50 years of experience in systems engineering and material science, a global manufacturing footprint and major application labs across the world, we are well-positioned to capitalize on emerging opportunities across various sectors including data centers, communications infrastructure, industrials, automotive, and consumer electronics. We are organized into two operating segments. Our Semiconductor Technologies segment provides a portfolio of innovative materials and solutions utilized across multiple stages of the semiconductor manufacturing process. Our Interconnect Solutions segment offers what we believe to be a comprehensive range of best-in-class material solutions that address the evolving complexities of signal integrity, thermal and power management and advanced packaging. Qnity s Values Our values are the foundation of how we operate, grow and lead. Customer Innovation Speed People We partner to solve customers challenges, understand their needs, and deliver with excellence. We continuously learn and innovate to power new thinking and next-generation solutions. We act with urgency and precision, pivot fast, and prioritize work that matters most. We win through exceptional people who inspire change, collaborate together, and unlock opportunities. Company Information Name Qnity Electronics, Inc. Headquarters Wilmington, DE Number of Employees ~10,000 Financials $4.75B in 2025 net sales Ticker Q (NYSE) Chief Executive Officer Jon Kemp Key Facts Figures Global Reach/Markets ~40 Manufacturing Sites 80+ Countries Regions Served ~20 Research Labs Americas 19 Plants | 7 Labs | 2 Offices Asia - Pacific 19 Plants | 8 Labs | 12 Offices Europe 1 Plant | 2 Labs | 5 Offices 4 About Qnity 2025 Financial Performance Highlights p 10% p 11% p 12% Net Sales Growth ($4.75B) Adjusted Pro Forma Operating EBITDA* Growth ($1.4B) Adjusted Pro Forma Earnings Per Share* Growth ($3.35) $2.6B $932M $2.1B $534M Semiconductor Technologies Net Sales Semiconductor Technologies Adjusted Pro Forma Operating EBITDA* Interconnect Solutions Net Sales Interconnect Solutions Adjusted Pro Forma Operating EBITDA* * Adjusted Pro Forma Operating EBITDA and Adjusted Pro Forma Earnings Per Share are non-GAAP measures and give effect to pro forma adjustments related to interest expense associated with our current indebtedness, agreements executed in connection with the pin-off from DuPont de Nemours, Inc. (DuPont) and other standalone costs as if the Spin-off had occurred on January 1, 2024. See Appendix A for additional details including a definition of significant items and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Our Business and Strategy We aim to accelerate growth, integrate excellence, transform operations, elevate culture, and deliver superior financial performance. Accelerate growth and innovation: We target 6-7% annual net sales growth by investing in cutting-edge technologies, increasing R D focus on top programs, expanding capacity, and pursuing strategic acquisitions in core and adjacent markets. Strengthen customer relationships and commercial capabilities: We leverage deep technical expertise and longstanding partnerships with industry leaders to secure long-term process of record positions, enhancing customer segmentation and product profitability. Optimize manufacturing and supply chain: With around 40 global manufacturing sites, we emphasize localization, operational excellence, and supply chain resilience to maintain cost advantages and meet diverse customer needs. Accelerate innovation pace: Collaborating closely with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), we aim to improve innovation agility by enhancing process efficiency and adopting AI, machine learning, and advanced analytics. Execute transformation for independence: We are reducing transitional dependencies, simplifying organizational structure, and redesigning processes optimized for a pure-play electronics organization. Foster winning culture and leadership: We focus on empowering decentralized decision-making, especially in Asia, shifting to proactive risk management, and aligning leadership with customer intensity and speed. Embed values: Customer focus, innovation, speed and people are central to our organizational beliefs and behaviors across all levels. Prioritize talent management: We emphasize attracting, developing, and retaining skilled employees, including hiring external leaders to introduce fresh capabilities amid industry talent shortages. Deliver superior financial outcomes: We aim for sales growth above market rates, maintaining strong free cash flow conversion, expanding EBITDA margins, strengthening our balance sheet, and repositioning our investor base toward growth-oriented profiles. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Voting Roadmap Election of the three Class I Directors named in this Proxy Statement The three individuals listed below have been nominated and are standing for election at this year s Annual Meeting. If elected, they will hold office until our 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Karin De Bondt SVP and Chief Strategy Officer, Trane Technologies plc Byron Green Former VP Global Operations, L3 Harris Technologies Jon Kemp Chief Executive Officer and Director, Qnity Electronics, Inc. Our Board currently consists of ten directors. Until the conclusion of our 2028 Annual Meeting, our Board is divided into three classes, with each class consisting, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors. The directors designated as Class I directors have terms expiring at the 2026 Annual Meeting. The Nomination and Governance Committee recommended and the Board nominated the above three incumbent Class I directors for election at the Annual Meeting to hold office until the 2028 Annual Meeting or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR each director nominee. See page 10 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation (Say on Pay) The Board seeks a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of our Named Executive Officers (NEOs) as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) and the Compensation Tables that follow. The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 64 Advisory Vote on Frequency of Future Advisory Say On Pay Votes The Board seeks a non-binding advisory vote on the frequency on future Say on Pay votes. The Board recommends a vote FOR EVERY ONE YEAR . See page 64 Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is an independent registered public accounting firm and has served as Qnity's independent registered public accounting firm since the spin-off. The members of the Audit Committee of the Board believe the continued retention of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 65 6 Voting Roadmap Nominees for Board of Directors You are being asked to vote on the election of the three Class I directors listed below. Additional information about each nominee s background and experience can be found beginning on page 13 . Class I Director Nominees Karin De Bondt Byron Green Jon Kemp SVP and Chief Strategy Officer, Trane Technologies plc Age: 56 Committee Membership: Audit Other Public Boards: None Former VP Global Operations, L3Harris Technologies Age: 62 Committee Membership: People and Compensation Other Public Boards: None Chief Executive Officer and Director, Qnity Age: 50 Committee Membership: None Other Public Boards: None Directors Continuing in Office Class II Directors whose terms expire in 2027 Terrence R. Curtin Kristina M. Johnson Yi Hyon Paik CEO, TE Connectivity Age: 57 Committee Membership: Audit Other Public Boards: 1 Managing Director, Catalyzer Ventures Age: 68 Committee Membership: People and Compensation Other Public Boards: 3 Former President and Chief Strategy Officer of Samsung SDI Company Age: 70 Committee Membership: Nomination and Governance Other Public Boards: 1 Class III Directors whose terms expire in 2028 Shumeet Banerji Mark A. Blinn Anne Noonan Former President Worldwide Commercial Business, Booz Allen Hamilton and Former CEO, Booz Company Age: 66 Committee Membership: Nomination and Governance Other Public Boards: 1 Board Chair Former CEO and CFO, Flowserve Corporation Age: 64 Committee Membership: Nomination and Governance Other Public Boards: 3 Former President and CEO, Summit Materials Age: 62 Committee Membership: People and Compensation Other Public Boards: 1 Steven M. Sterin Consultant, Amber Energy Age: 54 Committee Membership: Audit Other Public Boards: 1 Committee Chair Independent Director 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Voting Roadmap Board Independence 9 Independent 1 Non-independent Director Age* 1 45-55 Years 5 56-65 Years 3 65+ Years Gender Diversity Female Male * Board tenure and age measured as of April 8, 2026. ** Does not include Mr. Kemp, 50, as he is not an independent director. Board Composition Independence Independent Board Chair with significant responsibilities Majority independent Board with 9 of 10 directors being independent Balanced Board with a large breadth of varied skills, experiences, and areas of expertise Fully independent Audit, People and Compensation, and Nomination and Governance Committees Independent Executive Sessions with only independent directors at every regularly scheduled Board and Committee meeting Diverse Board with directors identifying as women, ethnically and racially diverse and international backgrounds Strong Governance Practices Annual Board Committee evaluations Robust director Code of Conduct Restrictions on overboarding Mandatory retirement for directors after reaching age 75 Significant stock ownership guidelines for directors (5x annual cash retainer) Majority vote standard in uncontested elections with plurality carve-out for contested elections and mandatory resignation policy Phase-out of classified board, with all directors standing for election annually beginning in 2028 8 Voting Roadmap Key Executive Compensation Highlights Before our Spin-off from DuPont on November 1, 2025 (Spin-off), our NEOs 2025 compensation was determined in accordance with DuPont s compensation philosophy and program design. Only Mr. Kemp was an executive officer of DuPont; therefore, each element of his 2025 compensation prior to the Spin-off was established and approved by the DuPont People and Compensation Committee. The compensation elements for our other NEOs were determined by their respective managers in accordance with DuPont s policies prior to the Spin-Off. Following the Spin-Off, the Qnity People and Compensation Committee conducted a comprehensive review of each compensation element and evaluated the appropriate total compensation mix for our NEOs. As a result of this assessment, the Committee took actions to better align NEO compensation with Qnity s philosophy and market comparisons as an independent company. Key compensation decisions made before and after the Spin-Off are summarized below. DuPont Decisions Q1 2025 Approved NEO base salary and incentive target increases to recognize the expanded scope of responsibilities assumed during the transition period prior to completion of the Spin-Off. Approved long-term incentive awards granted in February 2025. Established the annual incentive compensation program applicable to our NEOs for the entirety of 2025, the "DuPont STIP", including its design and performance metrics. Q2-3 2025 Determined the treatment of outstanding long-term incentive awards at the time of Spin-Off. Q4 2025 Determined 2025 DuPont STIP achievement for periods prior to the Spin-Off for Qnity employees. Spin-Off - November 1, 2025 Qnity Decisions Q4 2025 Approved base salary and incentive target increases for each NEO reflecting their new role and alignment with market-competitive levels based on Qnity peer group and industry data. Established stock ownership requirements to further strengthen the alignment of our executives financial interests with the long-term interests of our stockholders. Approved one-time performance-based equity awards for executives, including our NEOs, designed to incentivize leadership to drive stockholder value creation during Qnity s first three years as a stand-alone company. Q1 2026 Approved the overall payout factor for the 2025 DuPont STIP, taking into consideration the performance results approved by DuPont for the period prior to the Spin-Off. Approved the 2026 annual cash incentive design and performance metrics, the Qnity Incentive Plan , which is structured to drive key financial and strategic priorities. Approved 2026 long-term incentive awards with majority delivered in the form of PSUs reflecting a focus on long-term enterprise value creation. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Board and Governance Matters Election of Class I Directors Our Board has nominated Karin De Bondt, Byron Green and Jon Kemp for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. If elected, each of these nominees will serve until our 2028 annual meeting or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. Each of these director nominees currently serves on the Board. Each of the director nominees identified in this proxy statement has consented to being named as a nominee in our proxy materials and has accepted the nomination and agreed to serve as a director if elected by the Company s stockholders. If any nominee becomes unable or for good cause unwilling to serve between the date of the proxy statement and the 2026 Annual Meeting, the Board may designate a new nominee, and the persons named as proxies will vote on that substitute nominee. Majority Voting for Directors and Resignation Policy In an uncontested election, each director will be elected by a majority of the votes cast. In a contested election (one in which, as of the record date for the applicable meeting, the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected), directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Our amended and restated bylaws require each incumbent director to submit (and we will only nominate for reelection a director who has submitted) an irrevocable resignation that will be effective upon (i) the failure to receive the required vote at the next annual meeting of the stockholders at which such director faces reelection and (ii) the Board s acceptance of such resignation in accordance with the procedures specified in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, if an incumbent director in an uncontested election fails to receive the required vote for reelection, the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board will make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the resignation of such director. The Board will evaluate whether it should accept the director s resignation, which must be tendered to our Board pursuant to our governance documents, taking into account the recommendation of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, and promptly publicly disclose its decision following certification of the election results. The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, in making its recommendation, and our Board, in making its decision, may consider any factors they deem relevant or appropriate in deciding whether to accept a resignation from such director in reaching their determinations. Any director whose resignation is under consideration is expected to abstain from participating in the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation and/or the Board s action regarding whether to accept the resignation. Vote Required Recommendation of the Board To be elected, each director nominee requires the affirmative vote of the majority of votes cast (i.e., the number of shares voted FOR the nominee must exceed the number of shares voted AGAINST the nominee). Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. Our Board recommends a vote FOR each of the three director nominees. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, until the 2028 Annual Meeting, our Board will be divided into three classes, with each class consisting, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors. 10 Board and Governance Matters Classified Board Phase Out On November 1, 2025, we completed our Spin-Off from DuPont, and became an independent, publicly traded company. Prior to the Spin-Off, DuPont's board of directors determined that Qnity would initially have a classified board of directors that would sunset by 2028, which means that all directors will be elected annually by the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders. This structure is intended to provide better continuity of leadership at the Board level during Qnity s first years of operation as an independent, publicly held company, versus annually elected directors. Our Class II directors have terms expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and our Class III directors have terms expiring at our 2028 annual meeting of stockholders. At the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, our Class II directors will be elected to hold office for a term of office to expire at the 2028 annual meeting. Commencing with the 2028 annual meeting, all directors will be elected annually and will hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders. Effective as of the conclusion of the 2028 annual meeting, our Board will no longer be divided into three classes. Our Board Will Be Fully Declassified by the 2028 Annual Meeting. 2026 Annual Meeting 2027 Annual Meeting 2028 Annual Meeting Class I Directors standing for election in 2026 All directors will be elected annually beginning at the 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Class II Directors standing for election in 2027 Class III Directors 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Board and Governance Matters Our Board of Directors Director Qualifications, Skills and Experience Skills and Experience. The Board has adopted guidelines to be used by the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board in evaluating candidates for Board membership in order to ensure a highly qualified Board. Directors are selected for their integrity and character; sound, independent judgment; breadth of experience, insight and knowledge; and business acumen. Leadership skills, scientific or technology expertise, familiarity with issues affecting global businesses in a wide range of industries, prior government service, diversity of skills and experience, time availability in light of other commitments, dedication and conflicts of interest are among the relevant criteria, which will vary depending on the needs of the Board. While the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board consider diversity of skills and experience as part of several factors they consider in identifying qualified director candidates, neither the Board nor the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee has a formal diversity policy. As part of the nominee selection process for the Annual Meeting, the Nomination and Governance Committee reviewed the skills and experience of the Board, including the knowledge, skills and expertise set forth on the next page. Based upon this review, the Nomination and Governance Committee, believes that the overall mix of the backgrounds of the nominees for election at the Annual Meeting provides for a highly qualified Board. Here are the skills and qualifications that our Board values and considers particularly important for advancing our strategic objectives. Director Skills Matrix Skills Description Directors M A / Business Development Experience with successfully leading growth through acquisitions and other business development transactions or corporate strategy and strategic planning with initiatives aimed at growth Global Business Experience managing a business with substantial global operations, including Asia Risk Management Experience in governmental, public policy, legal or risk management areas, including cybersecurity Human Capital Management Experience in talent development and succession planning, along with a practical understanding of organizations, processes, workforce planning, and talent risk management Corporate Compliance / Governance Experience serving as a member of the internal function responsible for managing a public company s corporate compliance and/or corporate governance or as the Chair of a public company s corporate governance committee Finance and Accounting Experience in financial reporting and disclosures, accounting, corporate finance, or P L responsibility Technology / Innovation Experience in a senior management position with oversight for technology or innovation at a company within the semiconductor value chain Manufacturing and Supply Chain Experience directly managing an organization or business function responsible for the manufacturing and/or supply of physical goods Sales and Marketing Experience developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand awareness and equity, and enhance global reputation Public Company CEO / CFO Experience serving as a current or former CEO or CFO of a public company 12 Board and Governance Matters Director Biographies The biographies below summarize director qualifications, including the key skill sets, each director brings to the Board, to support the conclusion that these individuals are highly qualified to serve on the Board. The information is current as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Each nominee has consented to serve if elected. Class I Director Nominees Karin De Bondt SVP and Chief Strategy Officer, Trane Technologies plc Age: 56 Committee Membership: Audit Other Current Public Company Boards: None Biography Karin De Bondt has served as the senior vice president and chief strategy officer for Trane Technologies since January 2024, leading the company's enterprise strategy and mergers and acquisitions to drive growth and profitability. Ms. De Bondt has held various senior leadership roles since joining Trane Technologies in 2013, including president of Thermo King Americas and leading the HVAC and transport business in Latin America and transport solutions for Europe, Russia, Middle East and Africa. Previously, she served as senior vice president of global business development at DHL. With over 20 years of global business leadership experience, she excels in addressing complex challenges, building customer-focused teams, and driving innovation, alignment, and strategic growth through financial discipline. Ms. De Bondt is a member of the Executive Committee of Manufacturers Alliance. Ms. De Bondt was appointed to our board in November 2025. Ms. De Bondt holds a master s degree in economics from the Catholic University of Leuven and a diplome d administration des entreprises from Universit de Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium. Qualifications We believe Ms. De Bondt s experience in business and operational management, complex international markets, global strategy and corporate development are an asset to our board and make her well-qualified to serve as a director. Key Skills Global Business Sales and Marketing Finance and Accounting M A / Business Development Byron Green Former VP Global Operations, L3Harris Technologies Age: 62 Committee Membership: People and Compensation Other Current Public Company Boards: None Biography Byron Green served as vice president of Global Operations for L3Harris Technologies, Inc., a global aerospace and defense technology company, from July 2019 to February 2025. Previously, Mr. Green was the vice president of Manufacturing for North America at Whirlpool Corporation from 2017 to 2019. Prior to joining Whirlpool, Mr. Green held various roles at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles for almost 20 years, ultimately leading the North American vehicle assembly operations. Mr. Green was appointed to our board in November 2025. Mr. Green earned his B.S. in electrical engineering from Kettering University and his M.S. in engineering management (controls systems) from University of Detroit Mercy. Qualifications We believe Mr. Green s executive experience in global operations and manufacturing makes him well-qualified to serve as a director. Key Skills Risk Management Human Capital Management Manufacturing and Supply Chain M A / Business Development 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Board and Governance Matters Jon Kemp Chief Executive Officer and Director, Qnity Age: 50 Committee Membership: None Other Current Public Company Boards: None Biography Jon Kemp was appointed as our chief executive officer in connection with the Spin-Off and previously served as the president of the Electronics and Industrial segment within DuPont since August 2019. Mr. Kemp has been a member of the Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International board of directors since 2016. Previously, he served as head of strategy for the Specialty Products Division of DowDuPont from October 2017 to June 2019. Mr. Kemp served as the president of DuPont Electronics and Communications from 2015 through 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Kemp held various roles at E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company. Prior to joining E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, he was an economist and business development manager for the Utah Department of Community and Economic Development. Mr. Kemp was appointed to our board in November 2025. Mr. Kemp earned his B.A. in economics from the University of Utah and his M.B.A. from the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia. Qualifications As our chief executive officer and with many years of experience leading organizations, Mr. Kemp has extensive knowledge of the industry and is uniquely qualified to understand the opportunities and challenges facing our business. Key Skills Global Business Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Public Company CEO / CFO Sales and Marketing Technology / Innovation M A / Business Development 14 Board and Governance Matters Class II Directors Terrence R. Curtin CEO, TE Connectivity Age: 57 Committee Membership: Audit Other Current Public Company Boards: 1 Biography Terrence R. Curtin has served as the chief executive officer at TE Connectivity plc ( TE ), a global technology leader in connectivity and sensor solutions, since March 2017. Prior to serving as chief executive officer, Mr. Curtin served as TE s President, where he was responsible for all of TE s businesses and mergers and acquisitions activities. Mr. Curtin also previously led TE s Industrial Solutions business segment and also served as TE s chief financial officer. Prior to his time with TE, Mr. Curtin occupied positions of increasing responsibility for eleven years at Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. Curtin has served on the board of directors of TE since March 2016 and served on the board of directors of DuPont de Nemours, Inc. from June 2019 to October 2025. Mr. Curtin was appointed to our board in November 2025. He is also a member of the board of directors of the US-China Business Council. Mr. Curtin earned his B.A. in accounting and finance from Albright College. Qualifications We believe Mr. Curtin s extensive leadership experience and relevant industry expertise makes him well-qualified to serve as a director. Key Skills Global Business Public Company CEO/CFO Risk Management Finance and Accounting Kristina M. Johnson Managing Director, Catalyzer Ventures Age: 68 Committee Membership: People and Compensation Other Current Public Company Boards: 3 Biography Dr. Kristina M. Johnson currently serves as Managing Director at Catalyzer Ventures and as the chief executive officer of Johnson Energy Holdings, LLC since May 2023. Prior to that, Dr. Johnson served as the president of The Ohio State University from September 2020 to May 2023. Previously, Dr. Johnson served as the chancellor of the State University of New York from September 2017 to August 2020. From January 2014 to September 2017, Dr. Johnson served as the chief executive officer of Cube Hydro Partners, LLC, a clean energy company, and a joint venture between Enduring Hydro, a company she founded in January 2011 and I Squared Capital, a private equity firm. From May 2009 to October 2010, Dr. Johnson served as Under Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy. Prior to this, Dr. Johnson was provost and senior vice president for academic affairs at The Johns Hopkins University from 2007 to 2009 and dean of the Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University from 1999 to 2007. Previously, she served as a professor in the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department, University of Colorado and as director of the National Science Foundation Engineering Research Center for Optoelectronics Computing Systems at the University of Colorado, Boulder. Dr. Johnson was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 2015. She is also a member of the National Academy of Engineering and the National Academy of Inventors and a 2025 recipient of the National Medal of Technology and Innovation. Dr. Johnson has served as a director of Cisco Systems, Inc. since 2012, Minerals Technologies Inc. since 2024 and Infleqtion, Inc. since 2026. She previously served as a director of Boston Scientific Corporation from 2011 until 2017, The AES Corporation from 2011 until 2019 and DuPont de Nemours, Inc. from 2022 until 2025. Dr. Johnson was appointed to our board in November 2025. Dr. Johnson earned her B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. in electrical engineering from Stanford University. Qualifications We believe Dr. Johnson s expertise in business innovation strategy as well as her extensive experience in the technology industry make her well-qualified to serve as a director. Key Skills Risk Management Technology / Innovation Corporate Compliance / Governance Human Capital Management 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Board and Governance Matters Yi Hyon Paik Former President and Chief Strategy Officer of Samsung SDI Company Age: 70 Committee Membership: Nomination and Governance Other Current Public Company Boards: 1 Biography Yi Hyon Paik served as president and chief strategy officer of Samsung SDI Company, a publicly listed South Korean producer of lithium-ion batteries and electric materials, from 2014 to 2016. Prior to that, he was the executive vice president and head of the Electronic Materials Business at Samsung Cheil Industries from 2010 to 2013. From 2009 to 2010, Dr. Paik worked at the Dow Chemical Company as its business group vice president and head of Electronic Materials Business. Before Dow Chemical Company, he served at Rohm and Haas as business group vice president and president of the Electronic Materials Business. Dr. Paik has served on the board of directors of Orion S.A. since 2020, on the advisory board of directors of RecycLiCo Battery Materials Inc. since 2023 and on the board of directors of Asia-IO Partners International Pte. Ltd. since 2023. Dr. Paik previously served on the board of directors for Versum Materials, Inc. from 2016 until its acquisition by Merck in 2019. Dr. Paik was appointed to our board in November 2025. Dr. Paik earned a B.A. and Master in Chemistry from Seoul National University, a Ph.D. in Chemistry at the University of Pittsburgh and a Postdoctoral Fellow at Columbia University. Qualifications We believe Dr. Paik s expertise in the electronics and materials industry and his global business experience makes him well-qualified to serve as a director. Key Skills Global Business Technology / Innovation Corporate Compliance / Governance Sales and Marketing 16 Board and Governance Matters Class III Directors Shumeet Banerji Former President Worldwide Commercial Business, Booz Allen Hamilton and Former CEO, Booz Company Age: 66 Committee Membership: Nomination and Governance Other Current Public Company Boards: 1 Biography Dr. Shumeet Banerji has served as founder and partner of Condorcet, LP, an advisory and investment firm focused on early and development stage technology companies, since 2013, and chief executive officer of Booz Company from 2008 to 2012. Dr. Banerji currently serves as a director of Reliance Industries Limited and several of its major subsidiaries, including Jio Platforms Limited, Reliance Retail Ventures Limited, and Felix Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd. He previously served on the boards of Hewlett Packard Company, and HP, Inc. from 2011 to 2024. Dr. Banerji was appointed to our board in November 2025. Dr. Banerji earned his B.A. in economics from St. Stephen s College, Delhi, his M.B.A. from Delhi University and his Ph.D. in business from the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. Qualifications We believe Dr. Banerji s expertise in executive management and global business experience make him well-qualified to serve as a director. Key Skills Global Business Corporate Compliance / Governance Risk Management Human Capital Management Mark A. Blinn Chair of the Board Former CEO and CFO, Flowserve Corporation Age: 64 Committee Membership: Nomination and Governance (Chair) Other Current Public Company Boards: 3 Biography Mark A. Blinn served at Flowserve Corporation as chief executive officer and president, from 2009 to 2017 and as chief financial officer from 2004 to 2009. Prior to that, Mr. Blinn held senior finance positions at several companies, including FedEx Kinko s Office and Print Services, Inc. and Centex Corporation. Mr. Blinn has served as a director at Texas Instruments Incorporated since 2013, Emerson Electric Co. since 2019 and Globe Life Inc. since 2021, and formerly served as a director at Leggett Platt, Incorporated from 2019 to 2025, and Kraton Corporation from 2017 to 2021. Mr. Blinn is the sole member of BlinnPeak LLC. Mr. Blinn was appointed as Chair of our board in November 2025. Mr. Blinn earned a B.S., M.B.A. and J.D. from Southern Methodist University. Qualifications We believe Mr. Blinn s extensive leadership and executive management experience make him well-qualified to serve as a director and as our Board Chair. Key Skills Global Business Public Company CEO/CFO Corporate Compliance / Governance M A / Business Development 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Board and Governance Matters Anne Noonan Former President and CEO, Summit Materials Age: 62 Committee Membership: People and Compensation (Chair) Other Current Public Company Boards: 1 Biography Anne Noonan served as president and chief executive officer of Summit Materials, Inc. from 2020 to 2025. Previously, she served as president and chief executive officer of OMNOVA Solutions, Inc. ( OMN ) from 2016 to 2020, and as president of the Performance Chemicals business segment of OMN from 2014 to 2016. Prior to that, Ms. Noonan spent 27 years at Chemtura Corporation, a global manufacturer of specialty chemicals. Ms. Noonan serves on the board of CF Industries. Ms. Noonan was appointed to our board in November 2025. Ms. Noonan earned her B.S. Honors degree in chemistry and her M.S. in organometallic chemistry from University College Dublin, Ireland. Qualifications We believe Ms. Noonan s extensive leadership and executive management experience makes her well-qualified to serve as a director. Key Skills Public Company CEO/CFO Human Capital Management Sales and Marketing M A / Business Development Steven M. Sterin Consultant, Amber Energy Age: 54 Committee Membership: Audit (Chair) Other Current Public Company Boards: 1 Biography Steven M. Sterin has served as a Consultant to Amber Energy since February 2026 and previously served as a senior advisor to McKinsey Company from April 2023 to February 2026 and June 2019 to August 2021. Mr. Sterin was the co-founder and president of G S Energy Holdings, LLC, a private company, from its inception in August 2021. Mr. Sterin served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Andeavor from 2014 until the merger of Andeavor with Marathon Petroleum Company in October 2018. He also served as president, chief financial officer and board member for Andeavor Logistics GP, LLC from 2014 to 2018. From 2007 to 2014, Mr. Sterin was the senior vice president and chief financial officer of Celanese Corporation, a global technology and specialty material company. He previously served as corporate controller and principal accounting officer of Celanese. Mr. Sterin also spent six years with Reichhold, Inc., a global chemical company, in a variety of financial positions, including director of tax and treasury in the Netherlands, global treasurer and vice president of finance. Mr. Sterin s career started with PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Sterin has served on the board of directors of Kosmos Energy since July 2019. Mr. Sterin previously served on the DuPont board of directors from June 2019 to October 2025 and was appointed to our Board in October 2025. Mr. Sterin earned his B.B.A. and M.P.A. in accounting from the University of Texas at Austin. Qualifications We believe Mr. Sterin s experience as chief financial officer at large public companies, as well as his vast industry experience and experience with information technology and cyber security services make him well-qualified to serve as a director. Key Skills Risk Management Finance and Accounting Public Company CEO/CFO Sales and Marketing 18 Board and Governance Matters Director Nomination Process Identifying Director Candidates Among the Nomination and Governance Committee s most important functions is the selection of directors and recommendation to the Board of candidates for election as directors. The Nomination and Governance Committee has adopted a process for identifying new director candidates. Recommendations may be received by the Nomination and Governance Committee from various sources, including current or former directors, a search firm retained by the Nomination and Governance Committee to assist in identifying and evaluating potential candidates, stockholders, Company executives, and by self-nomination. The Nomination and Governance Committee is open to accepting stockholders suggestions of candidates to consider as potential Board members as part of the Nomination and Governance Committee s periodic review of the size and composition of the Board and its Committees. Such recommendations, including the candidate s full name and address, resume and biographical information, should be sent to the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee through the Office of the Corporate Secretary, at 974 Centre Road, Building 735, Wilmington, DE 19805. The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee uses the same process to evaluate director nominees recommended by stockholders as it does to evaluate nominees identified by other sources. Board currently comprised of ten directors Overall mix of the backgrounds and skills to provide a highly qualified Board Nomination and Governance Committee has oversight for selection of directors Independent search firms may be utilized Candidates evaluated based on minimum criteria, mix of backgrounds and skills already represented on Board and desired skill set mix Nomination and Governance Committee recommends to Board for appointment or election Board recommends to stockholders for election Director Candidate Nominations through Proxy Access Our Amended and Restated Bylaws (Bylaws) set forth procedural and content requirements for director candidate nominations through proxy access. As more specifically provided in the Bylaws, a stockholder or group of up to 20 stockholders that has owned 3% or more of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock continuously for at least three years, may nominate and include in the Company s proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of two individuals or 20% of the Board, provided that the stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements detailed in the Bylaws. Nominations should be sent to the Office of the Corporate Secretary in accordance with the procedural and content requirements set forth in the Bylaws, the full text of which is available at https://ir.qnityelectronics.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents . Director Independence The Board has assessed the independence of each director currently on the Board or who served during the last fiscal year in accordance with the standards of independence of the NYSE rules and as described in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. Based upon these standards, the Board has determined that each of Shumeet Banerji, Mark A. Blinn, Terrence R. Curtin, Karin De Bondt, Byron Green, Kristina M. Johnson, Anne Noonan, Yi Hyon Paik and Steven M. Sterin is independent. The current independent directors constitute a substantial majority of the Board, consistent with our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, as well as the Board, annually reviews relationships that directors may have with the Company and members of management to make a determination as to whether there are any material relationships that would preclude a director from being independent. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Board and Governance Matters All members of the Audit Committee, People and Compensation Committee and Nomination and Governance Committee, (each, a Committee and collectively, the Committees ) are independent directors under the Corporate Governance Guidelines and applicable regulatory and NYSE listing standards. Director Retirement Policy The Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that directors should not be nominated for election to the Board after reaching age 75, unless it is determined that it is in the best interests of the Company to extend the retirement date. Overboarding Policy Our Corporate Governance Guidelines limit the number of other public company boards on which a director may serve. No director who is an executive officer of a public company may serve as a director of the Company if he or she serves on more than a total of three public company boards, including the Qnity Board and the board of the company with which the director is employed. If a director is not an executive officer of a public company, he or she may serve on a maximum of four public company boards, including the Qnity Board. Directors are required to advise the Chair in advance of serving on another company s board. 20 Corporate Governance Strong corporate governance is an integral part of Qnity s core values. This section provides information about our Board and its governance structure and processes. Board Leadership Structure The Board is responsible for broad corporate policy and overall performance of the Company through oversight of risk management and stewardship of the Company. Among other duties, the Board appoints the Company s officers, assigns to them responsibility for management of the Company s operations, and reviews their performance. Our governing documents provide the Board with the flexibility to determine the optimal leadership structure for the Company, including, when appropriate, separating the positions of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (CEO). We believe that it is important for the Board to determine, on a case-by-case basis, the most effective leadership structure for us. We believe that the Company and its stockholders benefit from this flexibility, and that the directors are best positioned to lead this evaluation given their knowledge of our leadership team, strategic goals, opportunities, and challenges. The Board has determined that, at the present time, it is in the best interest of stockholders and the Board to have separation of the Chair and CEO roles. This leadership structure allows Mr. Kemp to focus on operating and managing our newly public global company and Mr. Blinn to provide valuable risk oversight and strategic insight. Our Chair and CEO work together to align on important enterprise-level decisions and ensure appropriate risk management. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that if the Chair is not an independent director, another director will be appointed by the independent directors to serve as our independent Lead Director with the clearly delineated responsibilities described in such guidelines. Because Mr. Blinn is independent, our independent directors have not appointed an independent Lead Director. Committees Committees perform many important functions. The responsibilities of each Committee are stated in their respective Committee charters which are available at https://ir.qnityelectronics.com. The Board, upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Governance Committee, elects members to each Committee and has the authority to change Committee chairs, membership and the responsibilities of any Committee as set forth in the Bylaws. The Board currently has three Committees: Audit Committee; Nomination and Governance Committee; and People and Compensation Committee. All members of each of the three standing Committees of the Board are independent under the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and applicable regulatory and NYSE listing standards. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Corporate Governance Committee Membership The following chart shows Committee membership as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Director Independent Audit Nomination and Governance People and Compensation Mark Blinn CH Shumeet Banerji Terrence R. Curtin Karin De Bondt Byron Green Kristina M. Johnson Jon Kemp Anne Noonan CH Yi Hyon Paik Steven M. Sterin CH CH - Chair - Member Committees Brief descriptions of the responsibilities of the Committees are as follows: Audit Committee Held two meetings during 2025 Steven M. Sterin (Class III) Chair* Members: Terrence R. Curtin (Class II)* Karin De Bondt (Class I) * Audit Committee Financial Expert Appoints, engages, oversees and replaces, as appropriate, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, subject to stockholder ratification, to audit the Company s consolidated financial statements. Reviews and approves the Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy of audit and non-audit services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm (Pre-Approval Policy). Provides oversight on the external reporting process and the adequacy of the Company s internal controls. Reviews effectiveness of the Company s systems, procedures and programs designed to promote and monitor compliance with applicable laws and regulations and receives prompt reports on compliance matters that could adversely impact the Company s external reporting process or adequacy of internal controls. Reviews and approves the scope of the audit and permitted non-audit related activities of the independent registered public accounting firm and the Company s internal auditors and appraises audit efforts of both. Reviews services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and other disclosed relationships as they bear on the independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Establishes procedures for the receipt, retention and resolution of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. A Summary of the Pre-Approval Policy is included as part of Agenda Item 4: Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 22 Corporate Governance Nomination and Governance Committee Held one meeting during 2025 Mark Blinn (Class III) Chair Members: Shumeet Banerji (Class III) Yi Hyon Paik (Class II) Develops, and recommends to the Board, and periodically reviews, a set of corporate governance guidelines for the Company. Establishes the process for identifying and evaluating director nominees, determines the qualifications, qualities, skills and other expertise required to be a director, and recommends to the Board nominees for election to the Board. Reviews periodically the size and structure of the Board and recommends to the Board any appropriate changes. Monitors the functioning of Board Committees. Oversees the Board s new director orientation program. Oversees the annual assessment of the Board, its Committees and individual directors. Oversees the Company s corporate governance practices, including reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval any changes to the Company s Code of Conduct and Code of Financial Ethics, Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Committee charters. Reviews related person transactions and related policies and procedures. Reviews stockholder communications and matters bearing on the Company and its stockholders. Oversees the Company s compliance programs, including the Code of Conduct and Code of Financial Ethics and legal and regulatory matters. Reviews the Company s actual and potential conflicts of interest. People and Compensation Committee Held two meetings during 2025 Anne Noonan (Class III) Chair Members: Byron Green (Class I) Kristina M. Johnson (Class II) Assesses current and future senior leadership talent for Company officers. Assists the Board in the CEO succession planning process. Oversees the Company s human capital management. Reviews and approves the goals and objectives relevant to the CEO s compensation, oversees the performance evaluation of the CEO based on such goals and objectives and, together with the other independent members of the Board, determines and approves the CEO s compensation based on this evaluation. Reviews and approves all compensation and employment arrangements, including severance agreements, of the Company s executive officers other than the CEO. Reviews the Company s incentive compensation arrangements to determine whether they encourage excessive risk-taking and evaluates compensation policies and practices that could mitigate any such risk. Reviews and considers the voting results of any say-on-pay or related stockholder proposals. Recommends non-employee directors compensation to the Board for approval. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Corporate Governance Board Engagement Meeting Attendance and Executive Sessions During 2025, from the date of the Spin-Off in November 2025, our Board held two meetings, the Audit Committee held two meetings, the People and Compensation Committee held two meetings and the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee held one meeting. All of the incumbent directors attended more than 75% of the sum of the total number of Board meetings and the total number of meetings of the Committees on which the director served during the past year. All directors are encouraged to attend the Annual Meetings of Stockholders. Time is reserved at each regularly scheduled meeting of the Board for the independent directors to meet in executive session. Board Evaluation Process The Board recognizes that a robust and constructive performance evaluation process is an essential component of Board effectiveness. As such, the Board conducts an annual performance evaluation that is intended to determine whether the Board, its Committees, and individual Board members are functioning effectively, and to provide Board members with an opportunity to reflect upon and improve processes and effectiveness. The evaluation process also informs the annual director nomination process. The Nomination and Governance Committee oversees this annual process, which is led by the Board Chair. As part of this process, the Board Chair engages with each Board member to obtain their assessment of the effectiveness and performance of the Board, its committees, and other Board members. A summary of the results of this process is presented to the Nomination and Governance Committee identifying any themes or issues that have emerged. The results are then reported to the full Board, which considers the results and ways in which Board processes and effectiveness may be enhanced. Board s Oversight Role Oversight of Strategy The Board has oversight responsibility for management s establishment and execution of short- and long-term corporate strategy, and elements of our strategy are regularly discussed at scheduled Board meetings and other engagements our directors have with management. The Board also engages directly with management, in and outside of Board meetings, to review the businesses strategic and operational priorities, competitive environment, market challenges, economic trends and regulatory developments. Since the Spin-Off, the Board has worked to develop robust practices to execute its oversight responsibilities. Annually the Board conducts an extensive review of the Company's annual and long-term strategic plans, financial targets, and plans for achieving those targets. Over the course of the year, the Board receives regular updates on the Company s financial performance against the financial targets and its progress towards its strategic objectives. Board meeting agendas throughout the year include significant time allocated to review and discuss our long-term strategy, including risks, market trends, and key areas of opportunity. These discussions help the Board ensure that we are making progress toward our long-term strategic goals and gives the Board the opportunity to provide thoughtful and candid feedback about our strategic direction. The Board reviews and provides insights on our capital allocation strategy, including any capital returns to stockholders through dividends or share repurchase plans and any significant capital investments. Independent directors hold regularly scheduled executive sessions without management present, led by the independent Chair of the Board, to discuss Company performance and review long-term strategy. 24 Corporate Governance Oversight of Risk Management The Board is responsible for overseeing the overall risk management process for the Company. Risk management is considered a strategic activity within the Company under the responsibility of executive management while the Committees and the Board as a whole participate in the oversight of the process. Specifically, the Board as a whole has responsibility for overseeing the strategic planning process and reviewing and monitoring management s execution of the corporate and business plan. The Board is also responsible for overseeing risks associated with operational resiliency, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, geopolitical matters, innovation and mergers and acquisitions. Each Committee is responsible for oversight of specific risk areas relevant to their respective charters. The Board, acting through its committee structure, is responsible for overseeing that management implements and follows its risk management processes and for coordinating the outcome of reviews by Committees in their respective risk areas. Committee Area(s) of Risk Management Oversight Responsibility Audit Committee Management and effectiveness of accounting, auditing, external reporting, financial compliance and internal controls, ethics and compliance, including anti-corruption and fraud, as well as cybersecurity Nomination and Governance Committee Director independence, potential conflicts of interest, sustainability, political contributions and lobbying expenses People and Compensation Committee The Company s executive compensation practices, human capital management and leadership succession planning Although each Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of certain risks as described above, the full Board is regularly informed by the Committees about these risks. This enables the Board and the Committees to coordinate risk oversight and the relationships among the various risks faced by the Company. Oversight Spotlight - Sustainability The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Company s strategic direction, including the integration of sustainability-related risks and opportunities into the Company s strategy. Certain sustainability-related oversight responsibilities are aligned with the most appropriate Committee as reflected in the table below. Board of Directors Responsible for overall strategy, including integration of sustainability-related risks and opportunities Board has delegated oversight of sustainability-related risks to various committees as appropriate Audit Committee Oversight of controls and procedures related to reporting of sustainability data Nomination Governance Committee Oversight of sustainability-related targets and goals Ensure the Board has the right mix of skills and experience to effectively oversee sustainability issues People Compensation Committee Human capital management oversight Management Manages day-to-day sustainability strategy and risks 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Corporate Governance Stockholder Engagement Throughout the year, we conducted extensive outreach to our new stockholders and we spoke with stockholders holding over 40% of our shares outstanding. Communication Feedback Through this outreach, the management team updated investors on a range of topics including our overall business strategy, current business conditions, corporate citizenship, corporate governance practices and executive compensation, and gained an understanding of the perspectives and concerns of each investor. The Board and management team carefully consider the feedback from stockholder engagement meetings, as well as stockholder support, when reviewing the business, corporate governance and executive compensation profiles of the Company and public disclosures made by the Company. Communications with the Board and Directors Stockholders and other parties interested in communicating directly with the Board, the Chair, or other independent directors, may do so by writing in care of the Office of the Corporate Secretary, 974 Centre Road, Building 735, Wilmington, DE 19805. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board Chair is available for consultation and direct communication if requested by major stockholders. The Board has adopted a policy for handling correspondence received by the Company and addressed to the Board, the Chair or other outside directors. Communications will be distributed to any or all directors as appropriate depending upon the individual communication. However, communications that do not directly relate to their duties and responsibilities as directors of the Company be excluded from distribution. Such excluded items include mass mailings; surveys; customer correspondence, including product suggestions and inquiries; resumes and other forms of job inquiries; and business solicitations or advertisements. Additionally, communications that appear to be unduly hostile, intimidating, threatening, illegal or similarly inappropriate will also be screened for omission by the Office of the Corporate Secretary. Any omitted or deleted communication will be made available to any director upon such director s request. Concerns relating to accounting, internal controls, auditing or ethical matters are brought to the attention of the internal audit function and handled in accordance with procedures established by the Audit Committee, with respect to such matters. Governance Policies and Practices Corporate Governance Guidelines The Corporate Governance Guidelines form an important framework for the Board s corporate governance practices and assist the Board in carrying out its responsibilities. The Board reviews these guidelines periodically to consider the need for amendments or enhancements. Among other things, these guidelines delineate the Board s responsibilities, leadership structure and independence, requirements, director qualification standards, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, management succession, an annual self-evaluation of the Board, and access to management and advisors. We invite you to visit the Company s website at https://ir.qnityelectronics.com/ to review the following governance documents: Corporate Governance Guidelines Board Committee Charters and Membership Employee Code of Conduct Director Code of Conduct Code of Financial Ethics 26 Corporate Governance Code of Conduct The Board has adopted a Code of Conduct for all directors of the Company and a Code of Financial Ethics applicable to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. In addition, the Company has a code of conduct applicable to all employees. The full text of the Director Code of Conduct, the Code of Financial Ethics and the Employee Code of Conduct are available at https://ir.qnityelectronics.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents . In addition, Qnity will disclose publicly on its website within four business days any waiver from or substantive amendment to the Code of Financial Ethics or any waiver of the Director Code of Conduct or Employee Code of Conduct, as applicable, granted to an executive officer or director. Insider Trading Policy Our Insider Trading Policy governs the purchase, sale and other acquisitions and dispositions of the Company s securities by our directors, officers and employees. This policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and includes procedures designed to further the foregoing purposes. Pursuant to our Insider Trading Policy, it is the Company s policy to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to insider trading when engaging in transactions in the Company s securities. A copy of the Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2026. Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions Related Person Transactions Policy The Board has adopted written policies and procedures relating to the approval or ratification of each Related Person Transaction. Under the policies and procedures, the Nomination and Governance Committee (or any other committee comprised of independent directors designated by the Board) reviews the relevant facts of all proposed Related Person Transactions and either approves, disapproves or ratifies the entry into a particular Related Person Transaction, by taking into account, among other factors it deems appropriate: (i) the commercial reasonableness of the transaction; (ii) the materiality of the Related Person s direct or indirect interest in the transaction; (iii) whether the transaction may involve a conflict of interest, or the appearance of one; (iv) whether the transaction was in the ordinary course of business; and (v) the impact of the transaction on the Related Person s independence under the Corporate Governance Guidelines and applicable regulatory and listing standards. No director may participate in any discussion or approval of a Related Person Transaction for which he/she or any of his/her immediate family members is the Related Person. Related Person Transactions are approved or ratified only if they are determined to be in the best interests of Qnity and its stockholders. If a Related Person Transaction that has not been previously approved or previously ratified is discovered, the Related Person Transaction will be presented to the Nomination and Governance Committee for ratification. If the Nomination and Governance Committee does not ratify the Related Person Transaction, then the Company will either ensure all appropriate disclosures regarding the transaction are made or, if appropriate, takes all reasonable actions to attempt to terminate the Company s participation in the transaction. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Corporate Governance Under Qnity s policies and procedures, a Related Person Transaction is generally any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships in which: (i) Qnity was, is or will be a participant; (ii) the aggregate amount involved exceeds $120,000 in any fiscal year; and (iii) any Related Person had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A Related Person is generally any person who is, or at any time since the beginning of Qnity s last fiscal year was: (i) a director or an executive officer of Qnity or a nominee to become a director of Qnity; (ii) any person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of Qnity s outstanding common stock; or (iii) any immediate family member of any of the persons mentioned above. Related Person Transactions There are no relationships or transactions with related persons during fiscal year 2025 that are required to be disclosed in this Proxy Statement under SEC rules. Director Compensation We compare our non-employee director compensation program design and compensation elements to the same peer group used for executive compensation, as described in the Use of Compensation Peer Group and Industry Data section of the Compensation Discussion Analysis. We target the median compensation of the peer group for all director compensation elements. The following tables provide information concerning the compensation provided to our non-employee directors in 2025. Directors who are our employees do not receive compensation for service as a director; for a description of compensation paid to Mr. Kemp, our Chief Executive Officer, see the Compensation Discussion Analysis and Executive Compensation sections in this Proxy Statement. 28 Corporate Governance Non-Employee Directors Fees The 2025 directors fees, as stated below, are paid only to directors who are not our employees. An overview of the 2025 compensation elements for non-employee directors is below. Compensation Element ($) Annual Cash Retainer (1) 130,000 Annual Equity Retainer (2) 190,000 Total Retainer Value 320,000 Annual Committee Chair Cash Fees (1) Audit 35,000 Compensation 25,000 All Other Committees 20,000 Annual Non-Executive Chair Cash Fee (1) 150,000 (1) Cash Compensation is paid quarterly and began to accrue as of the date of the Spin-Off. (2) As noted below, on December 3, 2025, all Qnity Directors received a one-time "Founders Grant" of 1,000 restricted stock units, and Qnity Directors who did not serve on the DuPont Board prior to Spin-Off received an equity retainer in the form of restricted stock units covering shares with a value of $270,000 (see "Cash and Equity Retainers" below). Cash and Equity Retainers On December 3, 2025, an equity retainer in the amount of $270,000 was granted to Qnity Directors who did not serve on the DuPont Board prior to Spin-)ff, and all Qnity Directors received a one-time Founders Grant award of 1,000 shares. Both the equity retainers and Founders Grants will vest six months from the date of grant. The annual cash retainer for non-employee directors is paid in quarterly installments. For new non-employee directors who are initially appointed to the Board on a date other than the date of the annual meeting, the cash retainer is pro-rated beginning with the month the director attends their first Board meeting. The annual equity retainer for non-employee directors will be awarded on the date of our annual meeting. Director Compensation for 2025 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (a) Stock Awards ($) (b) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Shumeet Banerji 21,667 350,342 372,009 Mark A. Blinn 50,000 350,342 400,342 Terrence R. Curtin 21,667 80,280 101,947 Karin De Bondt 21,667 350,342 372,009 Byron Green 21,667 350,342 372,009 Kristina M. Johnson 21,667 80,280 101,947 Anne Noonan 25,833 350,342 376,175 Yi Hyon Paik 21,667 350,342 372,009 Steven M. Sterin 27,500 80,280 107,780 (a) In addition to the annual retainer, the amount in this column includes Non-Executive Chair and Committee Chair fees. Directors may elect to defer all or a portion of their cash fees into stock units as more fully described below under "Non-Employee Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan"; Messrs. Curtin and Green elected to defer their cash fees in 2025. (b) Reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted stock units awarded to our directors for their service in 2025 computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Codification Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (ASC 718), using the assumptions discussed in Note 19 of the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on For 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Represents (I) the grant date fair value of the Founders Grant granted on December 3, 2025, which is based on $80.28 per share for a total value of $80,280 for all non-employee directors and 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Corporate Governance (II) the full grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted to Messrs. Blinn, Banerji, Green and Paik, Ms. De Bondt and Ms. Noonan on December 3, 2025, based on $80.28 per share for a total value of $270,062, in accordance with the same standard applied for financial accounting purposes, Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718. Messrs. Blinn, Curtin, Green and Paik and Ms. Johnson and Ms. Noonan elected to defer their stock awards in 2025. Outstanding restricted stock unit awards, including deferred awards, held by our non-employee directors, which includes Qnity units associated with the Shareholder Distribution Ratio adjustment at Spin-Off (see Treatment of DuPont Long-Term Incentive Awards at the Spin-Off - Approved by the Dupont Committee) as of December 31, 2025, are noted below: Name Outstanding Stock Awards at December 31, 2025 Mark A. Blinn 4,364 Shumeet Banerji 4,364 Terrence R. Curtin 20,176 Karin De Bondt 4,364 Byron Green 4,364 Kristina M. Johnson 6,206 Anne Noonan 4,364 Yi Hyon Paik 4,364 Steven M. Sterin 11,320 Non-Employee Directors Stock Ownership Guidelines The Board has implemented stock ownership guidelines pursuant to which each non-employee director must, no later than the fifth anniversary of his or her election or appointment to the Board, hold shares of Qnity common stock or its economic equivalent (including deferred shares/units) with a market value of at least five times the annual cash retainer. The Board or relevant Committee will review Qnity's non-employee director compensation program and stock ownership guidelines annually. Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan Non-employee directors may choose, prior to the beginning of each year, to have all or part of their cash fees for that year credited to deferred compensation accounts. A director may defer all or part of the cash fees in cash or stock units until retirement as a director or until a specified year after retirement. Interest accrues on deferred cash payments and dividend equivalents accrue on deferred stock units. Stock units may be deferred until retirement as a director. However, a director may defer payments beyond retirement. 30 Executive Officers The following table provides information regarding our executive officers as of the date hereof: Jon Kemp, 50 Chief Executive Officer Jon Kemp has served as our Chief Executive Officer since November 1, 2025. Mr. Kemp s biographical details are contained under Agenda Item 1: Election of Directors. Michael Goss, 50 Interim Chief Financial Officer Michael Goss was appointed interim chief financial officer in January 2026, bringing nearly three decades of finance experience across several disciplines. Before this role, Mike served as Qnity s principal accounting officer and controller from November 2025 to January 2026. Prior to that, Mike spent 14 years at DuPont where he held multiple senior roles. During this time, he gained significant expertise in portfolio transformation and financial operations rigor, most recently serving as Vice President, Principal Accounting Officer and Controller, from December 2018 to October 2025. Prior to DuPont, Mike held various roles at Ernst Young. Mr. Goss earned his B.S. in Accounting from Commonwealth University of Pennsylvania Bloomsburg. Chuck Xu, 61 President, Interconnect Solutions Chuck Xu was appointed as president of our Interconnect Solutions segment in connection with the Spin-Off and previously served as vice president and general manager of the Interconnect Solutions business group within DuPont s Electronics and Industrial segment since August 2023. Mr. Xu has also served as vice president and general manager of Strategy and Mergers and Acquisitions in DuPont s Electronics and Industrial segment since February 2021, prior to which he held various general management positions at DuPont, including vice president and general manager of the Non-Core segment and the Photovoltaics and Advanced Materials business. Prior to joining DuPont, Mr. Xu served as executive director of Telephotonics Inc., a telecom startup, which was acquired by DuPont in July 2002, and held various roles at Honeywell International Inc. Mr. Xu served as a director of Jinchen Holdings, Ltd. from 2017 to 2023 and has served on the board of Michelman Inc. since 2021. Mr. Xu earned his B.S. in chemistry from Peking University, M.B.A. from Columbia University, and Ph.D. in chemistry from the University of Southern California. Peter Hennessey, 48 General Counsel Peter Hennessey was appointed as our general counsel in connection with the Spin-Off and previously served as vice president, associate general counsel and corporate secretary of DuPont since September 2019. Prior to joining DuPont in 2019, Mr. Hennessey was a partner at Ballard Spahr LLP. Earlier in his career, Mr. Hennessey was an associate attorney at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati, P.C. and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP. Mr. Hennessey earned his B.A. from Amherst College and his J.D. from Brooklyn Law School. Kathleen Fortebuono, 55 Chief People Officer Kathleen Fortebuono was appointed as our chief people officer in connection with the Spin-Off and previously served as vice president, Global Rewards, Talent and HR M A at DuPont since July 2019. Ms. Fortebuono served as vice president, Global Rewards and Talent Management at Chemours and has also held human resources leadership positions at a variety of companies including eBay Inc., GSI Commerce Solutions and IKON Office Solutions. Ms. Fortebuono earned her B.A. and M.B.A. from the Pennsylvania State University. There are no family relationships between any of our directors and any of our executive officers. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Compensation Discussion Analysis In November 2025, Qnity separated from DuPont (the Spin-Off) and became a fully independent, publicly traded company. Due to the timing of our Spin-Off, many of the decisions impacting the 2025 compensation of our named executive officers (NEOs) were made by the People and Compensation Committee of DuPont and were based on DuPont s compensation philosophies and policies. This Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) provides information about historical programs and compensation decisions made by DuPont s People and Compensation Committee (DuPont Committee) before the Spin-Off as well as decisions made by the People and Compensation Committee of Qnity (Qnity Committee) after the Spin-Off. Following the Spin-Off, the Qnity Committee undertook a comprehensive review of our executive compensation programs to ensure they are market-competitive, performance aligned, and supportive of Qnity s long term strategic objectives as a standalone company. As a result, the 2026 executive compensation programs will differ from the 2025 programs previously administered under DuPont and are described below. Named Executive Officers 32 2025 Performance Highlights 33 Key Executive Compensation Decisions 33 2025 Executive Compensation Progra ms 35 Components of Qnity Executive Compensation Programs 36 Executive Compensation Governance Best Practices 37 Overview of 2025 Program Elements 38 Executive Compensation Decision-Making Process 38 Roles and Responsibilities 38 Stockholder Feedback 40 Compensation Risk Management 41 Benefits and Perquisites 45 Other Compensation Policies and Practices 46 Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 48 Committee Report 48 Named Executive Officers Our 2025 NEOs are: Jon Kemp Chief Executive Officer Chuck Xu President, Interconnect Solutions Peter Hennessey General Counsel Kathleen Fortebuono Chief People Officer The following former executive officer was also a 2025 NEO: Matthew Harbaugh stepped down from his role as Chief Financial Officer due to health reasons on January 16, 2026. Mike Goss was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer in January of 2026 but is not an NEO for 2025. 32 Compensation Discussion Analysis 2025 Performance Highlights This past year was transformational for our business as we separated from DuPont to become an independent public company. In November 2025, we successfully completed our Spin-Off from DuPont to begin our next chapter as a leading pure-play technology provider serving the semiconductor value chain. Our executive leadership team played an integral role in completing the Spin-Off and developing the infrastructure required to operate effectively as an independent public company. p 10% p 11% p 12% Net Sales Growth ($4.75B) Adjusted Pro Forma Operating EBITDA* Growth ($1.4B) Adjusted Pro Forma Earnings Per Share* Growth ($3.35) *See Appendix A for further information, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. Key Executive Compensation Decisions Before the Spin-Off, our NEOs 2025 compensation was determined in accordance with DuPont s compensation philosophy and program design. Only Mr. Kemp was an executive officer of DuPont; therefore, each element of his 2025 compensation prior to our Spin-Off was established and approved by the DuPont Committee. The compensation elements for our other NEOs were determined by their respective managers in accordance with DuPont s policies prior to the Spin-Off. Following the Spin-Off, the Qnity Committee conducted a comprehensive review of each compensation element and evaluated the appropriate total compensation mix for our NEOs. As a result of this assessment, the Qnity Committee took actions to better align NEO compensation with Qnity s philosophy and market comparisons as an independent company. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Compensation Discussion Analysis The key compensation decisions made before and after the Spin-Off are summarized below. DuPont Decisions Q1 2025 Approved NEO base salary and incentive target increases to recognize the expanded scope of responsibilities assumed during the transition period prior to completion of the Spin-Off. Approved long-term incentive awards granted in February 2025. Established the annual incentive program applicable to our NEOs for the entirety of 2025, the "DuPont STIP", including its design and performance metrics. Q2-3 2025 Determined the treatment of outstanding long-term incentive awards at the time of the Spin-Off. Q4 2025 Determined the DuPont STIP achievement for periods prior to the Spin-Off for Qnity employees. Spin-Off - November 1, 2025 Qnity Decisions Q4 2025 Approved base salary and incentive target increases for each NEO reflecting their new role and alignment with market-competitive levels based on Qnity peer group and industry data. Established stock ownership requirements to further strengthen the alignment of our executives financial interests with the long-term interests of our stockholders. Approved one-time performance-based equity awards for executives, including our NEOs, designed to incentivize leadership to drive stockholder value creation during Qnity s first three years as a stand-alone company. Q1 2026 Approved the overall payout factor for the 2025 DuPont STIP, taking into consideration the performance results approved by DuPont for the period prior to the Spin-Off. Approved the 2026 annual cash incentive design and performance metrics, the Qnity Incentive Plan , which is structured to drive key financial and strategic priorities. Approved 2026 long-term incentive awards with majority delivered in the form of PSUs reflecting a focus on long-term enterprise value creation. 34 Compensation Discussion Analysis 2025 Executive Compensation Programs Prior to Spin-Off DuPont Core Principles DuPont s executive compensation programs used a balanced portfolio of measures to drive short- and long-term objectives aligned with DuPont s strategy and stockholder interests. The expected spin-off of Qnity was an important consideration in the decisions the DuPont Committee made throughout 2025. After Spin-Off Qnity Core Principles Following the Spin-Off, the Qnity Committee conducted a comprehensive review of the Company s executive compensation programs and implemented changes to even more closely align them with Qnity s compensation philosophy, which is designed to attract, retain, motivate, and reward the talent required to drive Qnity s growth as an independent company. Key Objectives: Reinforce pay for performance by maintaining a majority of total compensation at risk with an enhanced emphasis on long-term equity based compensation. Strengthen alignment with stockholder interests through use of performance-based equity and metrics tied to long-term value creation. Ensure market competitiveness by benchmarking compensation levels and program design against relevant industry and peer companies to support talent attraction and retention. 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Compensation Discussion Analysis 2026 Components of Qnity Executive Compensation Program Consistent with our overall executive compensation philosophy, our compensation programs are primarily performance-based. The following chart summarizes the principal components of the Qnity executive compensation programs. Our 2026 executive compensation programs are designed to reflect and reinforce our key financial and strategic priorities. Element Purpose Features Base Salary Reflects an executive s role, scope / impact, and capability. Provides a reliable source of income. Fixed cash compensation Annual Incentive Rewards financial and operational goal achievement. Provides opportunity to differentiate payouts based on individual performance. Cash Incentive 2026 Design: Qnity s annual incentive plan is focused on delivering enterprise results and advancing our strategic priorities . 40% Organic Sales Reinforce the importance of achieving top line growth coupled with strong execution and operational discipline. 40% Adjusted Operating EBITDA 20% Culture and Transformation Reinforce the importance of driving the organizational capabilities and behaviors necessary to support our long term growth as a newly independent company. Long-term Incentives (LTI) Drives long term financial and strategic performance. Supports the retention of key executives. Reinforces alignment with stockholder interests. Equity Vehicles 2026 Design: Qnity s equity-based compensation is majority performance-based delivered in a mix of PSUs and RSUs . 60% PSUs Payouts to be based on achievement of Relative TSR and Adjusted Operating EBITDA goals over three years. Reflect our focus on long term enterprise value creation and reinforce a direct link between executive compensation and stockholder outcomes. 40% RSUs Vest ratably over three years. Support executive retention and ownership. Benefits and Perquisites Competitive benefit programs offered to attract executive talent and support the health and well-being of employees and their families. Executives are offered the same programs as other salaried employees with minimal perquisites. 36 Compensation Discussion Analysis Pay Mix for 2026 Compensation CEO Other NEOs Executive Compensation Governance Best Practices After the Spin-Off, the Qnity Committee adopted Qnity s executive compensation programs which include the following best practices consistent with those embedded in DuPont s programs in effect prior to the Spin-Off: What We Do Maintain a pay mix that is heavily performance-based Actively engage with stockholders Align executive compensation outcomes with company and individual performance Annually assess peer group composition and competitive compensation practices Seek annual stockholder advisory approval of executive compensation Maintain strong stock ownership requirements of six times base salary for the CEO and two times base salary for the other executive officers Conduct an annual executive talent review and discussion on succession planning Maintain a robust compensation clawback policy covering both cash and equity Review executive compensation statements (tally sheets) Conduct annual compensation risk assessments What We Don t Do Provide single-trigger change in control agreements or excise tax gross ups Grant options below market value, extend original option terms, reprice, reload or exchange underwater options without stockholder approval Permit hedging or pledging of the Company s securities Include a liberal share counting provision in our equity plan Guaranteed annual salary increases or bonuses Provide minimum payouts under the Long-Term Incentive Plan Provide uncapped short and long-term incentive payouts Provide excessive perks 2026 Proxy Statement 37 Compensation Discussion Analysis Overview of 2025 Program Elements This section describes the elements of DuPont s executive compensations programs in effect prior to the Spin-Off, how DuPont determined the size of each element and the rationale for providing each element. Prior to the Spin-Off in 2025, Qnity s NEO compensation elements were determined by DuPont and consisted of: Base Salary: Fixed cash compensation Short-Term Incentive Program: Cash incentive tied to annual achievement of financial goals Long-Term Incentives: Restricted stock units (RSUs) The expected Spin-Off of Qnity was an important consideration in the compensation decisions made by DuPont throughout 2025. Following the Spin-Off, the Qnity Committee conducted a comprehensive review of the Company s executive compensation programs and implemented changes to better align them with Qnity s compensation philosophy designed to attract, retain, motivate, and reward the talent required to drive Qnity s growth as an independent company. Executive Compensation Decision- Making Process The Qnity Committee, with the support of an independent compensation consultant and Company management, develops and executes the Company's executive compensation program. The Qnity Committee is responsible for recommending for approval by the independent directors the compensation of the CEO, and for approving the compensation of all other NEOs and executive officers. The Qnity Committee annually reviews and evaluates the executive compensation programs to ensure that the programs are aligned with the Company s compensation philosophy and appropriately reward performance. The same decision-making process was followed before and after the Spin-Off during 2025. As part of this process, the Qnity Committee reviews the following factors to determine executive compensation: Competitive analysis: Median levels of compensation for similar jobs and job levels in the market, considering revenue relative to the peer group and or relevant industries Company performance: Measured against financial metrics and operational targets approved by the Qnity Committee Market landscape: Business climate, economic conditions and other factors Individual roles: Each executive s experience, knowledge, skills and personal contributions Roles and Responsibilities Role of Management Management assists the Qnity Committee in discharging its duties by providing information on corporate and individual performance as well as management s perspective on certain compensation and human capital management matters. The Qnity Committee solicits and reviews our CEO s recommendations with respect to the compensation of our executive officers (other than himself). Role of the Committee The Qnity Committee is composed entirely of independent directors and retains an independent compensation consultant to assist in its review of compensation, compensation governance, and incentive programs. The Qnity 38 Compensation Discussion Analysis Committee periodically reviews the components of our executive compensation program to ensure the program meets the Company s objectives. The Qnity Committee will review and approve compensation packages for each NEO annually with input from the CEO and management. Independent Board Members The independent members of the Board are responsible for assessing the performance of the CEO based on the recommendation of the Qnity Committee and are responsible for approving the CEO s compensation types and amounts. Compensation Consultant In connection with and after the Spin-Off, the Qnity Committee retained Exequity as its independent compensation consultant on executive and director compensation. Exequity reports directly to the Committee and does not provide services to Qnity other than those provided to the Committee. Exequity s responsibilities included: Advising the Committee on trends and issues in executive compensation. Reviewing and advising on the constituents of Qnity's peer group (as described further below in "Use of Compensation Peer Group and Industry Data"). Consulting on the competitiveness of the compensation structure and levels of Qnity s executive officers and non-employee directors. Reviewing and advising on materials provided to the Qnity Committee for discussion and approval. Participating in Qnity Committee meetings as requested, including executive sessions of the Qnity Committee when management is not present, and communicating with the Chair of the Qnity Committee between meetings. Exequity has multiple safeguards and procedures in place to maintain the independence of the consultants in their executive compensation consulting practice, and the Qnity Committee has determined that the compensation consultant s work has not raised any conflicts of interest. The Qnity Committee has considered factors relevant to Exequity s independence from management under SEC rules and has determined that Exequity is independent from management. Prior to the Spin-Off the DuPont Committee retained Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. (FW Cook) as its independent compensation consultant on executive and director compensation matters. FW Cook reported directly to the DuPont Committee and did not provide services to us other than those provided to the DuPont Committee. FW Cook has multiple safeguards and procedures in place to maintain the independence of the consultants in their executive compensation consulting practice, and the DuPont Committee determined that the compensation consultant s work did not raise any conflicts of interest and determined that FW Cook was independent from management. 2026 Proxy Statement 39 Compensation Discussion Analysis Stockholder Feedback 2026 marks Qnity s first advisory vote on executive compensation, commonly referred to as a "Say on Pay" vote. This non-binding advisory vote provides our stockholders with the opportunity to express their views on the compensation of our NEOs as disclosed in this proxy statement. We value stockholder feedback and believe that this vote enhances our commitment to transparency and alignment between executive pay and company performance. Our Board of Directors and the Qnity Committee will carefully consider the results of this vote when making future compensation decisions. In addition to the advisory vote on executive compensation, stockholders are also being asked to cast their first advisory vote on the frequency with which future "Say on Pay" votes should be held. Stockholders may choose whether these votes should occur every one, two, or three years. The Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote to hold an advisory vote on executive compensation every year. The Board will consider the outcome of this vote in determining the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation. Engaged with shareholders holding over 40% of shares outstanding Qnity Participants Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Vice President of Investor Relations Topic Discussed Market and company growth, competitive risks, market position and peers, capital allocation and target leverage Resulting Actions Forward-looking disclosure on key compensation metrics Use of Compensation Peer Group and Industry Data Qnity Compensation Peer Group Prior to the Spin-Off, the DuPont Committee developed a Qnity Peer Group to help set compensation levels for future Qnity executive officers. Following the Spin-Off, the Qnity Committee reviewed and validated the appropriateness of the Peer Group with input from its independent compensation consultant. The table below reflects the companies that comprise the peer group that was adopted by the Qnity Committee for market comparisons, benchmarking and setting executive compensation. The criteria used to determine the Qnity peer group were as follows: Revenues (1/3 to 3 times our revenues at the time the peer group was identified) Industry Companies operating in one of Qnity s primary industries (Semiconductor Materials Equipment, Electrical Components Equipment) Valuation Multiple Agilent Technologies, Inc. Entegris, Inc. Skyworks Solutions, Inc. AMETEK, Inc. Keysight Technologies, Inc. Teledyne Technologies, Inc. Avantor, Inc. MKS Instruments, Inc. Teradyne, Inc. Coherent Corp. ON Semiconductor Trimble Inc. Element Solutions Inc. Qorvo, Inc. Zebra Technologies Corp. 40 Compensation Discussion Analysis The Qnity Committee does not rely solely on data from the Peer Group in establishing the compensation for our executive officers. Furthermore, the Qnity Committee does not target a specific competitive position versus the market in determining the compensation of our executive officers. While the Qnity Committee considers the data from the Peer Group helpful in assessing our competitive position, the Qnity Committee refers to other resources, including published compensation data from other surveys. The compensation data of the Peer Group and such other resources are considered alongside the Company s pay-for-performance and long-term value creation objectives in determining the compensation for our executive officers that best aligns management s interests with those of our stockholders. Compensation Risk Management Qnity s compensation programs are designed to maintain an appropriate balance of risk and reward and are structured so as not to encourage excessive or inappropriate risk taking. This philosophy is supported by a number of policies and practices intended to promote sound governance and align executive behaviors with the long term interests of stockholders. These policies and practices include a balanced mix between pay elements, caps on incentive payouts, robust stock ownership requirements, compensation recoupment policies, robust trading prohibitions to mitigate conflicts of interest, and protection of Company interests during and following separation of employment. We conducted our first formal compensation risk assessment as a standalone public company in 2026. 2025 Compensation Program Elements Base Salary Base salaries are reviewed annually in conjunction with market comparisons provided by our compensation consultant. Decisions about base salary increases are based on competitive positioning and individual performance. Prior to the Spin-Off, base salaries were administered by DuPont. Following the Spin-Off, the Qnity Committee and the Board for Mr. Kemp approved base salary adjustments for the NEOs to reflect their expanded responsibilities as leaders of an independent, publicly traded company. In setting post Spin-Off salaries, the Qnity Committee considered the significantly increased scope and complexity of each NEO s role, including broader operational accountability, and enhanced regulatory and governance obligations. The adjustments also aligned base salaries with competitive market levels within Qnity s industry and peer data. Mr. Harbaugh s compensation was established at the time of hire based on his anticipated future role and, accordingly, did not require adjustment at the Spin-Off. Base salaries for our NEOs as of December 31, 2025 are shown in the table below: Executive Base Salary($) Jon Kemp $ 1,000,000 Matthew Harbaugh $ 700,000 Chuck Xu $ 625,000 Peter Hennessey $ 500,000 Kathleen Fortebuono $ 475,000 2026 Proxy Statement 41 Compensation Discussion Analysis Short-Term Incentive Program This section describes the DuPont 2025 STIP design. The Qnity Committee has adopted a different annual incentive design for 2026 that is described in more detail above. DuPont 2025 STIP Design and Metrics The DuPont 2025 STIP was approved by the DuPont Committee in January 2025. In anticipation of the planned Spin-off of Qnity in the fourth quarter of 2025, the DuPont Committee approved the use of quarterly performance measurement periods. This design ensured that performance was assessed consistently throughout the year and enabled results to be appropriately adjusted to reflect the timing of the Spin-Off. The DuPont 2025 STIP included both a corporate performance and individual performance component. The individual performance component acted as a modifier whereby the corporate performance result could be modified within a 0-150% range, provided that overall performance could not exceed 200%. Corporate Performance QUARTERS 1 -3 (DUPONT PERFORMANCE) For the first three quarters of 2025, DuPont established quarterly performance targets and assessed results based on overall DuPont Company performance. Prior to the Spin-Off of Qnity, the DuPont Committee approved the performance achievement of Quarters one through three for the Qnity Committee to use in the overall payout determination for Qnity employees. Performance for each quarterly period was measured by DuPont against the following metrics and weightings: Adjusted EPS (50%) Organic Revenue (20%) Operating EBITDA (15%) Free Cash Flow (15%) QUARTER 4 (QNITY PERFORMANCE) In September 2025 and taking into account the increased certainty of the planned Spin-Off of Qnity, the DuPont Committee determined that the fourth quarter performance for Qnity employees would be assessed solely on Organic Revenue, measured at the overall Qnity level. As part of this determination, the DuPont Committee established the Q4 Organic Revenue performance target for Qnity. This approach ensured appropriate alignment with Qnity s standalone operating performance as the Spin-Off approached. Following the Spin-Off, the Qnity Committee reviewed the fourth quarter design and performance approach established by DuPont and concluded that it was reasonable. Accordingly, the Qnity Committee did not make any adjustments to the fourth quarter methodology. Performance Results The DuPont Committee approved the performance achievement of Quarters one through three for the Qnity Committee to use in the overall payout determination for Qnity employees prior to the Spin-Off. Q1 1 Q2 1 Q3 1 Q4 Total Payout Quarterly Result 101.6% 94.5% 115.1% 137.6% 25% Weighted Result 25.4 % 23.6 % 28.8 % 34.4 % 112.2% (1) Reflects DuPont performance determined by the DuPont Committee and reported to the Qnity Committee. 42 Compensation Discussion Analysis Q4 Qnity Organic Revenue Target and Result (1 ) Threshold 50% payout Q4 Target 100% Payout Maximum 200% Payout Q4 Actual Q4 Payout $1,188 137.6% (1) Threshold 90% performance / 50% payout. Max is 110% performance / 200% payout. Figures in millions. Reallocation The 2025 DuPont STIP design included a reallocation feature to allow for increased rewards for top performers. At the request of Qnity Management, the Qnity Committee reallocated 3.5% of the overall funded results under this provision. After applying the reallocation, the Qnity Committee approved a final payout factor of 108.7% . Individual Performance Factor An individual performance factor ranging from 0% to 150% was maintained in the STIP design to allow the Qnity Committee to modify an executive s award to reflect personal performance and contributions. All awards were capped at a maximum payout of 200% of target. For 2025, after consultation with Qnity management, the Qnity People and Compensation Committee determined a 115% Individual Performance Factor for Kathleen Fortebuono was appropriate based on her significant contributions to building Qnity s standalone organizational structure and shaping the culture and values needed to advance enterprise behaviors and capabilities. Final 2025 DuPont STIP Payout Amounts The Qnity Committee approved 2025 STIP awards for NEOs using an individual target basis prorated between the pre and post Spin target values. The full year target basis was calculated using 10 months at the pre November 1 target and 2 months at the target effective November 1. Final payout factors were applied to 2025 STIP awards for NEOs as reflected below. Executive Pre-11/1 Target STIP ($) 11/1 Effective Target STIP ($) 2025 STIP Target Basis ($) Payout Factor IPF Actual ($) Jon Kemp $ 800,000 $ 1,500,000 $ 916,986 108.70 % 100 % $ 996,764 Matthew Harbaugh $ 630,000 $ 630,000 $ 422,877 108.70 % 100 % $ 459,667 Chuck Xu $ 285,000 $ 468,750 $ 315,709 108.70 % 100 % $ 343,176 Peter Hennessey $ 225,000 $ 350,000 $ 245,890 108.70 % 100 % $ 267,282 Kathleen Fortebuono $ 228,250 $ 332,500 $ 245,673 108.70 % 115 % $ 307,104 2025 Long-Term Incentives This section describes the LTI awards granted by DuPont prior to the Spin-Off, as well as the treatment of any outstanding DuPont awards at the time of the Spin-Off. It then outlines the awards granted by Qnity in 2025 following the Spin-Off. LTI Awards Approved by DuPont Prior to Spin-Off: The DuPont Committee viewed equity-based compensation as a critical executive compensation program element. Prior to the Spin-Off, DuPont approved LTI awards for our NEOs (other than Mr. Harbaugh) in February 2025, taking into account the expanded scope of responsibilities assumed during the transition period leading up to the Spin-Off and supporting the retention of key Qnity executives. Given the timing of the planned Spin-Off, the DuPont Committee determined that RSUs were the most appropriate equity vehicle for the awards granted to our NEOs prior to Spin-Off. RSUs vest ratably over three years. 2026 Proxy Statement 43 Compensation Discussion Analysis The table below details the 2025 LTI awards to NEOs prior to the Spin-Off on November 1. Executive Number of RSUs RSU Grant Value ($) Jon D. Kemp 61,237 $ 5,000,000 Matthew Harbaugh 1 18,374 $ 1,200,000 Chuck Xu 6,124 $ 500,000 Peter Hennessey 5,512 $ 450,000 Kathleen Fortebuono 5,512 $ 450,000 (1) Mr. Harbaugh s reported value is a sign on award granted in connection with his hire in May 2025. The full award was forfeite