=== ZTS_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks related to operating in foreign jurisdictions . Sales and Marketing Our sales organization includes sales representatives and technical and veterinary operations specialists. We also contract with distributors that provide logistics and sales and marketing support for many of our products. In regions where we do not maintain a direct commercial presence, we rely solely on distributors for these services. Our sales representatives visit our customers, including veterinarians and livestock producers, to provide information and to promote and sell our products and services. Our technical and veterinary operations specialists, who generally have advanced veterinary medicine degrees, provide scientific consulting focused on disease management and herd management, training and education on many topics, including responsible product use. These direct relationships with customers allow us to understand the needs of our customers. Additionally, our sales representatives and technical and veterinary operations specialists partner with customers to provide training and support in areas of disease awareness and treatment protocols, including the use of our products. As a result of these relationships, our sales and consulting visits are typically longer, more meaningful and provide us with better access to customer decision makers as compared to those in human health. In certain markets, including the U.S., pet owners are taking a more active role in product purchasing decisions, and as a result we are increasingly investing in direct-to-consumer marketing efforts. As of December 31, 2025, our sales organization consisted of approximately 3,900 employees. Our companion animal and livestock products are primarily available by prescription through a veterinarian. In certain markets, we also sell certain products through retail and e-commerce outlets. We also market our products by advertising to veterinarians, pet owners and livestock producers. Customers We primarily sell our companion animal products to veterinarians or to third-party veterinary distributors that typically then sell our products to veterinarians, and in each case veterinarians then typically sell our products to pet owners. In certain markets, we also sell companion animal products through retail, including pharmacies, and e-commerce outlets. We sell our livestock products primarily to veterinarians and livestock producers, including beef and dairy farmers as well as pork and poultry operators, in addition to third-party veterinary distributors and retail outlets, who then typically sell the products to livestock producers. Sales to our largest customer, a U.S. veterinary distributor, represented approximately 16% of total revenue for 2025. 7 | Table of Contents Research and Development Our R D operations are comprised of a dedicated veterinary medicine R D organization, external alliances and other operations focused on the development, registration and regulatory maintenance of our products. In addition, we have R D operations focused on diagnostics, devices, data, digital and other technological innovation. We incurred R D expenses of $698 million in 2025, $686 million in 2024 and $614 million in 2023. Our R D efforts are comprised of more than 300 programs and reflect our commitment to develop solutions for unmet needs and advance the current standards of care. We create new insights for predicting, preventing, detecting and treating health conditions that result in the development of new platforms of knowledge which become the basis for continuous innovation. Leveraging internal discoveries, complemented by external research collaborations, results in the delivery of novel vaccine, pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, biodevice and diagnostic products and services to help our customers face their toughest challenges. While the development of new chemical, biopharmaceutical and biological entities through new product R D plays a critical role in our growth strategies, a significant share of our R D investment (including regulatory functions) is focused on product lifecycle innovation. A commitment to continuous innovation, based on customer need, ensures we actively work to broaden the value of existing products by developing claims in additional species, more convenient formulations, routes of administration and combinations, and by expanding usage into more countries. We also create opportunities by integrating product offerings to optimize solutions based on the totality of customer need. We prioritize our R D spending on an annual basis with the goal of aligning our research and business objectives, and do not disaggregate our R D operations by research stage or by therapeutic area for purposes of managing our business. We make our strategic investments in R D based on four criteria: strategic fit and importance to our current portfolio; technical feasibility of development and manufacture; return on investment; and the needs of customers and the market. A centralized portfolio management function links development plans with financial systems to build a comprehensive view of the status of project progression and spend. This view facilitates our ability to set targets for project timing and goals for investment efficiency. The allocation of our R D investment between product lifecycle innovation and new product development, in addition to our ability to leverage the discoveries of our existing R D and other industries, supports a cost-effective, efficient, sustainable and relatively predictable R D process. We regularly enter into agreements with external parties that enable us to collaborate on research programs or gain access to substrates and technologies (such as new devices). Some of our external partnerships involve funding from a non-governmental organization or a government grant. We are generally responsible for providing technical direction and supplemental expertise for, as well as investment in, such external partnerships. Depending on the nature of the agreement, we may act as the commercialization partner for discoveries that originate during the period of collaborative research, or we may own or have exclusive rights to any intellectual property that enables the development of proprietary products or models. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 1,700 employees in our global R D operations. Our R D headquarters is located in Kalamazoo, Michigan. We have R D operations co-located with manufacturing sites in Rutherford, Australia; Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium; Campinas, Brazil; Suzhou, China; Olot, Spain; and in the following U.S. locations: Charles City, Iowa; Kalamazoo, Michigan; Durham, North Carolina; and Lincoln, Nebraska. We co-locate R D operations with manufacturing sites to facilitate the efficient transfer of production processes from our laboratories to manufacturing. In addition, we maintain R D operations in Sydney, Australia; Zaventem, Belgium; Beijing, China; Puchheim, Germany; Thane, India; Oslo, Norway; Hong Ngu, Vietnam; Con Tho, Vietnam; Cambridge, U.K.; and Fort Collins, Colorado, U.S. Each site is designed to meet the regulatory requirements for working with chemical or infectious disease agents, as appropriate. Manufacturing and Supply Chain Our products are manufactured at sites operated by us and sites operated by third-party contract manufacturing organizations, which we refer to as CMOs. We have a global manufacturing network of 21 sites operated by us. Our global manufacturing network is comprised of the following sites: Site Location Site Location Buellton California, U.S. Overhalla Norway Campinas Brazil Rathdrum Ireland Catania Italy Rutherford Australia Charles City Iowa, U.S. San Diego California, U.S. Durham North Carolina, U.S. Suzhou China Kalamazoo Michigan, U.S. Tallaght Ireland Klofta Norway Tullamore Ireland Lincoln Nebraska, U.S. Union City California, U.S. Louvain-la-Neuve Belgium Wellington New Zealand Melbourne Australia White Hall Illinois, U.S. Olot Spain We own the majority of these sites, with the exception of our facilities in Buellton, California (U.S.), Durham, North Carolina (U.S.), Klofta (Norway), Melbourne (Australia), San Diego, California (U.S.), and Union City, California (U.S.), which are leased sites. In addition, a portion of our facilities in Tullamore (Ireland) is leased. We regularly evaluate the adequacy of our manufacturing capabilities. We are currently in the process of expanding these capabilities at certain existing sites. Additionally, we purchased a manufacturing site outside Atlanta, Georgia in 2023, where we plan to begin commercial production in the future. 8 | Table of Contents Our global manufacturing and supply chain is supported by a network of CMOs. As of December 31, 2025, this network was comprised of over 90 CMOs, including those centrally-managed as well as locally-managed CMOs. We select CMOs based on several factors: (i) their ability to reliably supply products or materials that meet our quality standards at an optimized cost; (ii) their access to niche products and technologies; (iii) capacity; and (iv) financial efficiency analyses. Our regional and global manufacturing teams seek to ensure that all of the CMOs we use adhere to our standards of manufacturing quality. We purchase certain raw materials necessary for the commercial production of our products from a variety of third-party suppliers. We utilize logistics service providers as a part of our global supply chain, primarily for shipping and logistics support. We intend to continue our efficiency improvement programs in our manufacturing and supply chain organization, including Six Sigma and Lean capabilities, which are processes intended to improve manufacturing efficiency. We have strong globally managed and coordinated quality control and quality assurance programs in place at our global manufacturing network sites, and we regularly inspect and audit our global manufacturing network and CMO sites. Competition Although our business is the largest based on revenue in the animal health industry (which includes medicines, vaccines and diagnostics), we face competition in the regions in which we compete. Principal drivers of competition vary depending on the particular region, species, product category and individual product, and include new product development, quality, price, service and promotion to veterinary professionals, pet owners and livestock producers. Our primary competitors include animal health medicines, vaccines and diagnostic companies such as Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health Inc., the animal health division of Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH; Merck Animal Health, the animal health division of Merck Co., Inc.; Elanco Animal Health; and IDEXX Laboratories. There are also a number of mid-sized competitors in both companion animal and livestock, and further start-ups with narrower focuses working in the animal health area. In addition, we compete with hundreds of other producers of animal health products throughout the world. The level of competition from generic products varies from market to market. Unlike in the human health market, there is no large, well-capitalized company focused on generic animal health products that exists as a global competitor in the industry. Historically, the reasons for this include the relatively smaller average market size of each product opportunity, the importance of direct distribution and education to veterinarians and livestock producers and the primarily self-pay nature of the business. In addition, companion animal health products are often directly prescribed and dispensed by veterinarians. Nonetheless, we continue to face increased competition from generic products and lower cost alternatives. For more information regarding the generic competition we have and expect to encounter as patents on certain of our key products expire, see Item 1. Business - Intellectual Property . The importance of quality and safety concerns to veterinarians, pet owners and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty. As a result, we believe that significant brand loyalty to products often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. Intellectual Property Our technology, brand, and other intellectual property are important elements of our business. We rely on patent, trademark, copyright, design and trade secret laws, as well as regulatory exclusivity periods and non-disclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. Our policy is to vigorously protect, enforce and defend our rights to our intellectual property, as appropriate. Our product portfolio enjoys the protection of more than 5,500 granted patents and 1,600 pending patent applications, filed in over 50 countries, with a focus on our major markets, including Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Japan and the U.S., as well as other countries with strong patent systems. Many of the patents and patent applications in our portfolio are the result of our in-house research and development, while other patents and patent applications in our portfolio were wholly or partially developed by third parties and were acquired by or are licensed to Zoetis. Patents for individual products expire at different times based on the date of the patent filing (or sometimes the date of patent grant) and the legal term of patents in the countries where such patents are obtained. Below is a summary of our recent and upcoming key patent expirations. Patents relating to the active ingredient (tulathromycin) and formulation of Draxxin have expired. Generic or other competing tulathromycin products are now marketed in most major markets as well as in many smaller markets. Additional marketing authorizations for generic tulathromycin products may be granted in various markets in the future. Sales of Draxxin have been negatively affected by generic competition in the markets where the patents have expired. All patents relating to the active ingredient of Excede/Naxcel (ceftiofur crystalline free acid) have expired. The patents covering the commercial formulation of Excede in Japan and Brazil extend to September 2026 and August 2027, respectively, but the corresponding patents in the U.S., Europe, Canada and Australia have expired. Generic versions of Excede have entered the market in Brazil, Mexico and Russia. The patent for the active ingredient of Cerenia has expired in all countries and the remaining formulation patents relevant to the injectable product line expire between 2025 and 2028. Generic versions of Cerenia injectable have been registered and marketed in Europe, Canada and Australia and one generic version of Cerenia injectable has been approved in the U.S. Zoetis typically enforces its patents vigorously as appropriate globally, including by filing infringement claims against other parties and by defending claims it receives from third parties. Additionally, many of our vaccine products are based on proprietary master seeds and proprietary or patented adjuvant formulations. We actively seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by seeking to require our employees, consultants, advisors and partners to enter into confidentiality agreements and other arrangements upon the commencement of their employment or engagement. 9 | Table of Contents We seek to file and maintain trademarks around the world based on commercial activities in most regions where we have, or desire to have, a business presence for a particular product or service. We currently maintain more than 10,000 trademark applications and registrations in our market countries, identifying products and services dedicated to the care of companion animals and livestock. Regulatory The sale of animal health products is governed by the laws and regulations specific to each jurisdiction in which we market our products. To maintain compliance with these regulatory requirements, we have established processes, systems, and dedicated resources with end-to-end involvement from product concept to launch and maintenance in the market. Our regulatory function actively engages in dialogue with various global agencies regarding their requirements, policies, and guidance documents that relate to animal health products. United States United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The regulatory body that is responsible for the regulation of animal health pharmaceuticals in the U.S. is the Center for Veterinary Medicine (CVM), housed within the FDA. Generally, manufacturers of animal health pharmaceuticals must show their products to be safe, effective and produced by a consistent method of manufacture as defined under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. The FDA's basis for approving an animal drug application is documented in a Freedom of Information (FOI) Summary. Post-approval monitoring of products is required by law, with reports being provided to CVM's Office of Surveillance and Compliance. Reports of product quality defects, adverse events or unexpected results are submitted in accordance with the legal and agency requirements. CVM also has regulatory oversight of medical devices (including certain in vitro diagnostics) intended for animal use and can take appropriate regulatory action if an animal device is misbranded or adulterated. Importantly, however, CVM exercises enforcement discretion and does not require pre-market review of animal medical devices. Animal medical device labeling should not be false or misleading, and such products must be adequately labeled for their intended use(s). But, there is no specific FDA regulation reflecting such requirements at this time. As a result of our acquisition of Abaxis, our product portfolio includes human medical devices, specifically human in vitro diagnostics, which are subject to regulation in the U.S. by the FDA's Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and its implementing medical device regulations (21 CFR Chapter I, Subchapter H), including the Quality Management System Regulation, and the Center for Medicaid Medicare Services (CMS) under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 and its implementing regulations (42 CFR Part 493). Post-market surveillance is required, with reports provided to the FDA in accordance with agency requirements. United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). The regulatory body in the U.S. for veterinary biological products is the USDA. The USDA's Center for Veterinary Biologics (CVB) is responsible for the regulation of animal health vaccines, including certain immunotherapeutics and certain diagnostic products. In December 2024, the CVB and CVM published a charter that details how the two agencies work together to determine the appropriate agency to regulate the small number of animal biologicals for which jurisdiction may be unclear. This is in addition to a 2013 Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) that outlines which animal biologicals each agency would regulate. Manufacturers of animal health biological products must show their products to be pure, safe, effective and produced by a consistent method of manufacture as defined under the Virus-Serum-Toxin Act (VSTA) and its implementing regulations (9 CFR Chapter I, Subchapter E). Post-license monitoring of products is required. Reports of product quality defects, adverse events or unexpected results are submitted in accordance with agency requirements. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The main regulatory body in the U.S. for veterinary pesticides is the EPA. The EPA's Office of Pesticide Programs is responsible for the regulation of pesticide products applied topically to animals. The EPA and FDA determine regulatory oversight of pesticides and animal drugs based on an MOU between the two agencies signed in 1971 and revised in 1973. In February 2023, the EPA and FDA released a whitepaper that outlined potential approaches for updating the agencies' oversight of such animal health products. Currently, manufacturers of animal health pesticides must show their products, when used according to specifications, will not cause unreasonable adverse effects to man or the environment as stated in the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) and its implementing regulations. Within the U.S., pesticide products that are registered by the EPA (including review and approval of product labeling) must also be registered by individual state pesticide authorities before distribution in that state. Post-approval monitoring of products is required, with reports provided to the EPA and some state regulatory agencies. Anti Bribery, Anti Corruption. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain animal healthcare professionals in many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anti-corruption laws and/or regulations. Foreign Trade Controls. Zoetis is also subject to foreign trade controls administered by certain U.S. government agencies, including the Bureau of Industry and Security within the Commerce Department, Customs and Border Protection within the Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). As a global animal health company, we conduct business in multiple jurisdictions throughout the world. This includes supplying medicines and medical products for use in, and the shipment of goods to, Iran and Russia, and conducting related activities, in accordance with a general license and specific licenses issued by OFAC and EU Member States and in line with our corporate policies. Outside the United States / Global EU. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) is the centralized medicines regulatory agency of the EU. The agency is responsible for the scientific evaluation of medicines developed by healthcare companies seeking centralized approval for use in the EU. The agency has a distinct veterinary review section. The Committee for Veterinary Medicinal Products (CVMP) is responsible for scientific and technical review of the submissions for innovative pharmaceuticals, biopharmaceuticals and vaccines. After the CVMP issues a positive opinion on the approvability of a product, the European Commission reviews the opinion and, if they agree with the CVMP, they grant the product market authorization. Once granted by the European Commission, a centralized marketing authorization is valid in all EU and European Economic Area-European Free Trade Association 10 | Table of Contents states. The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as those developed by means of recombinant DNA technology or novel therapeutic veterinary medicinal products. Products (other than those covered by the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure) can also be registered in the EU via the decentralized or the mutual recognition routes under the supervision of the Co-ordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralized Procedures for Veterinary Medicinal Products (CMDv). This co-ordination group is composed of one representative per member state from each national regulatory agency, including Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. A series of Regulations (including the Veterinary Medicinal Products Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/6)), Directives, Guidelines and EU Pharmacopeia Monographs provide the requirements for product approval in the EU. In general, these requirements are similar to those in the U.S., requiring demonstrated evidence of, safety, efficacy, and quality/consistency of manufacturing processes. We are also subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that requires us to meet enhanced requirements regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and the rights of data subjects to request correction or deletion of their personal data. Currently, there is no EU-specific Regulation regarding veterinary medical devices or veterinary in vitro diagnostics. In Europe, such animal health products are reviewed by national agencies based on national requirements, where such requirements exist. The EU-specific regulation regarding human in vitro diagnostics is the In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/746) (IVDR). United Kingdom . The making, updating and enforcing of U.K. legislation for veterinary medicinal products is the responsibility of the U.K. s Veterinary Medicines Directorate (VMD). China. The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs (MARA), a ministerial-level component of the State Council, drafts and implements policies related to agriculture, rural areas and rural residents, and regulates crop farming, animal husbandry, fisheries, agriculture mechanization and the quality of agriculture products. MARA is also the regulatory body responsible for the regulation and supervision of pharmaceuticals and biologicals for animal use. Regulatory requirements in China have become increasingly stringent, with MARA issuing new regulations and changes to the regulatory review process. Brazil. The Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply (MAPA) is the regulatory body in Brazil that is responsible for the regulation and control of pharmaceuticals, biologicals and medicated feed additives for animal use. MAPA's regulatory activities are conducted through the Secretary of Agricultural Defense and its Livestock Products Inspection Department. In addition, regulatory activities are conducted at a local level through the Federal Agriculture Superintendence. These activities include the inspection and licensing of both manufacturing and commercial establishments for veterinary products, as well as the submission, review and approval of pharmaceuticals, biologicals, and medicated feed additives. MAPA is one of the most active regulatory agencies in Latin America, having permanent seats at several international animal health forums, such as Codex Alimentarius, World Organization for Animal Health and Committee of Veterinary Medicines for the Americas. MAPA was also invited to be a Latin American representative at meetings of the International Cooperation on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Veterinary Medicinal Products (VICH). Several normative instructions issued by MAPA have set regulatory trends in Latin America. Australia. The Australian Pesticides and Veterinary Medicines Authority (APVMA) is an Australian government statutory authority established in 1993 to centralize the registration of all agricultural and veterinary products for the Australian marketplace. Previously each State and Territory government had its own system of registration. The APVMA assesses applications from companies and individuals seeking registration or a permit so they can supply their product to the marketplace. Applications undergo rigorous assessment using the expertise of the APVMA's scientific staff and drawing on the technical knowledge of other relevant scientific organizations, Commonwealth government departments and state agriculture departments. If the product works as intended and the scientific data confirms that when used as directed on the product label it will have no harmful or unintended effects on people, animals, the environment or international trade, the APVMA will register the product. As well as registering new agricultural and veterinary products, the APVMA receives and reviews adverse event information which may be submitted by registrants or members of the public. The APVMA also reviews registered products when particular concerns are raised about their safety and effectiveness. The review of a product may result in confirmation of its registration, or it may see registration continue with some changes to the way the product can be used. In some cases the review may result in the registration of a product being canceled and the product taken off the market. Rest of world. Jurisdiction-specific regulatory laws may have provisions that include requirements for certain labeling, safety, efficacy, and manufacturers' quality control procedures (to assure the consistency of the products), as well as company records and reports. In certain regions and jurisdictions, regulatory agencies may generally refer to the FDA, USDA, EMA and other international animal health entities, including the World Organisation for Animal Health and Codex Alimentarius, in establishing standards or regulations for veterinary pharmaceuticals, immunotherapies and vaccines. Advertising and promotion review. Promotion of regulated animal health products is controlled by laws and regulations in many jurisdictions. These laws and rules generally restrict advertising and promotion to those product claims and uses that have been reviewed and endorsed by the applicable regulatory agency. We conduct a review of promotional materials for compliance with the local and regional requirements in the markets where we sell animal health products. Data Privacy and Protection Laws. Our business involves the collection, use, and processing of personal data from our customers. The global privacy landscape is rapidly evolving, with countries where we operate introducing and enforcing new privacy and data protection laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws is costly, complex and requires continuous updates to our privacy practices, systems, policies, training and monitoring. Failure to comply with these laws could result in litigation, significant fines, penalties