=== EG_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A, Risk Factors and those risks and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Table of Contents PART I Unless otherwise indicated, all financial data in this document have been prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). As used in this document, Group means Everest Group, Ltd.; Bermuda Re means Everest Reinsurance (Bermuda), Ltd.; Holdings Ireland means Everest Underwriting Group (Ireland) Limited; Ireland Re means Everest Reinsurance Company (Ireland), Designated Activity Company or dac ; Ireland Insurance means Everest Insurance (Ireland), dac; Holdings means Everest Reinsurance Holdings, Inc.; Everest Re means Everest Reinsurance Company and its subsidiaries (unless the context otherwise requires); and the Company , Everest , we , us and our means Everest Group, Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless noted otherwise, all tabular dollar amounts are in millions of United States ( U.S. ) dollars ( U.S. dollars or $ ). Some amounts may not reconcile due to rounding. ITEM 1. BUSINESS The Company. Everest is a Bermuda-based reinsurance and insurance organization. As part of the Standard Poor s ( S P ) 500 Index, we are a leading financial services institution focused on diversifying our portfolio and geographic presence. Through our direct and indirect subsidiaries operating in the U.S. and internationally, we serve a diverse group of clients worldwide, providing what we believe are extensive product and distribution capabilities, a strong balance sheet, an innovative culture and access to world-class talent. At December 31, 2025, we had shareholders equity of $15.5 billion and total assets of $62.5 billion. Our Operations. The Company s principal business, conducted through its Reinsurance and Insurance reportable segments, is the underwriting of reinsurance and insurance in the U.S., Bermuda and other international markets. Our global network spans more than 100 countries across six continents. In 2025, the Company had gross written premiums of $17.7 billion with approximately 72.4% representing Reinsurance and 27.1% representing Insurance with the remaining 0.5% of gross written premium coming from our Other operating segment. The Company underwrites reinsurance both through brokers and directly with ceding companies, giving it the flexibility to pursue business based on the ceding company s preferred reinsurance purchasing method. The Company underwrites insurance principally through brokers, including for surplus lines, and general agent relationships. Group s active operating subsidiaries are each rated A+ ( Superior ) by A.M. Best Company ( A.M. Best ), a leading provider of insurer ratings that assigns financial strength ratings to insurance companies based on their ability to meet their obligations to policyholders. On October 26, 2025, the Company entered into an agreement with American International Group, Inc. ( AIG ) to sell the renewal rights for certain lines of commercial retail insurance business written by the Company in the U.S., U.K. and Asia Pacific, for an aggregate purchase price of $252 million. AIG paid the Company $30 million for originating and structuring the transaction. In addition, on October 26, 2025, the Company entered into an agreement with AIG to sell the renewal rights for certain lines of commercial retail insurance business written by the Company in certain countries in the European Union, for an aggregate purchase price of $49 million. Under the sale agreements, AIG has also agreed to pay the Company a total of $10 million per month for nine months for specified transition services starting January 1, 2026. For more details, see Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 28, 2025 and the Master Transaction Agreements incorporated herein. These transactions sharpen the Company s focus on its core global reinsurance business as well as its global wholesale and specialty insurance businesses. The renewal rights of these businesses total an estimated $2 billion of aggregate gross premiums written. Operating Subsidiaries. Following is a summary of the Company s principal operating subsidiaries: Bermuda Re, a Bermuda insurance company and a direct subsidiary of Group, is registered in Bermuda as a Class 4 insurer and long-term insurer and is authorized to write both reinsurance and insurance property and casualty 1 Table of Contents business. Bermuda Re s United Kingdom ( U.K. ) branch writes property and casualty reinsurance to the U.K., China and European markets. Everest International Reinsurance, Ltd. ( Everest International ), a Bermuda insurance company and a direct subsidiary of Group, is registered in Bermuda as a Class 4 insurer and is authorized to write property and casualty business. Everest International has branch locations in Singapore and Australia. The Singapore branch has a direct insurer license and writes property and casualty business to the Singapore market. The Australian branch has a general insurance license and writes property and casualty business to the Australian market. A ma jority of Everest International s business is assumed reinsurance from its affiliates: Everest Re, Bermuda Re - U.K. Branch, Ireland Re and Ireland Insurance. Ireland Re, an Ireland reinsurance company and an indirect subsidiary of Group, is licensed to write property and casualty reinsurance, both directly and through brokers, for the London and European markets through its Ireland office as well as through its Zurich branch. Ireland Insurance, an Ireland insurance company and an indirect subsidiary of Group, is licensed to write insurance for the European markets through its Ireland office as well as through its branches in the U.K., the Netherlands, Spain, France, Germany and Italy. In addition, Ireland Insurance is considered an approved/eligible alien surplus lines insurer in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Everest Corporate Member Limited ( ECML ) writes insurance business through Lloyd's of London ( Lloyd's ) Syndicate 2786, a wholly-owned Everest syndicate supported by funds at Lloyd s provided by ECML. Lloyd s Syndicate 2786 was established in 2015 as a platform to facilitate the further expansion of Everest's international insurance operations. The syndicate is internally managed by Everest Managing Agency Limited as of August 18, 2025. Everest Compa ia de Seguros Generales Chile S.A., a Chile based insurance company and a direct subsidiary of Group, is licensed to write property and casualty insurance and reinsurance business within Chile. Everest Compa ia de Seguros Generales Colombia S.A., a Colombia based insurance company and a direct subsidiary of Everest International, is licensed to write property and casualty insurance and reinsurance business within Colombia. Compa ia de Seguros Generales Everest Mexico S.A. de C.V., a Mexico based insurance company and an indirect subsidiary of Group , is licensed to write property and casualty insurance and reinsurance business within Mexico. Everest Insurance Company of Canada ( Everest Canada ), a Canadian insurance company and direct subsidiary of Holdings Ireland, is licensed to write property and casualty insurance in all Canadian provinces. Everest Re, a Delaware reinsurance company and a direct subsidiary of Holdings, is a licensed property and casualty insurer and/or reinsurer in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Guam and is authorized to conduct reinsurance business in Canada, Singapore, India and Brazil. Everest National Insurance Company ( Everest National ), a Delaware insurance company and a direct subsidiary of Everest Re, is licensed in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico and is authorized to write property and casualty insurance on an admitted basis in the jurisdictions in which it is licensed. The majority of Everest National s business is reinsured by its parent, Everest Re. Everest Indemnity Insurance Company ( Everest Indemnity ), a Delaware insurance company and a direct subsidiary of Everest Re, writes excess and surplus lines insurance business in the U.S. on a non-admitted basis. Excess and surplus lines insurance is specialty property and liability coverage that an insurer not licensed to write insurance in a particular jurisdiction is permitted to provide to insureds when the specific specialty coverage is unavailable from admitted insurers. Everest Indemnity is a Delaware domestic surplus lines insurer and is eligible to write business on a non-admitted basis in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. The majority of Everest Indemnity s business is reinsured by its parent, Everest Re. Everest Security Insurance Company ( Everest Security ), a Delaware insurance company and a direct subsidiary of Everest Re, is licensed to write property and casualty insurance on an admitted basis in Delaware, Georgia, Alabama and Texas. The majority of Everest Security s business is reinsured by its parent, Everest Re. 2 Table of Contents Everest Premier Insurance Company ( Everest Premier ), a Delaware insurance company and a direct subsidiary of Everest Re, is licensed to write property and casualty insurance in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. The majority of Everest Premier s business is reinsured by its parent, Everest Re. Everest Denali Insurance Company ( Everest Denali ), a Delaware insurance company and a direct subsidiary of Everest Re, is licensed to write property and casualty insurance in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. The majority of Everest Denali s business is reinsured by its parent, Everest Re. Everest International Assurance, Ltd. ( Everest Assurance ), a Bermuda company and a direct subsidiary of Everest Re is registered in Bermuda as a Class 3A general business insurer and as a Class C long-term insurer. Everest Assurance has made a one-time election under section 953(d) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code ( IRC ) to be a U.S. income tax paying Controlled Foreign Corporation. By making this election, Everest Assurance is authorized to write life reinsurance and casualty reinsurance in both Bermuda and the U.S. In addition, Everest Assurance is considered an approved/eligible alien surplus lines insurer in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Business and Underwriting Strategy. Everest Group, Ltd. trades on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the ticker symbol (NYSE: EG). The Company writes business on a worldwide basis for many different customers and lines of business, thereby obtaining a broad spread of risk. The Company is not substantially dependent on any single customer, small group of customers, line of business or geographic area. For the year ended December 31, 2025, no single customer (ceding company or insured) generated more than 3.6% of the Company s gross written premiums. The Company believes that a reduction of business from any one customer would not have a material adverse effect on its future financial condition or results of operations. Approximately 65.9%, 27.0% and 7.1% of the Company s 2025 gross written premiums were written in the broker reinsurance market, the insurance business and the direct reinsurance market, respectively. The broker reinsurance market consists of several substantial national and international brokers and a number of smaller specialized brokers. Brokers do not have the authority to bind the Company with respect to reinsurance agreements, nor does the Company commit in advance to accept any portion of a broker s submitted business. Reinsurance business from any ceding company, whether new or renewal is subject to acceptance by the Company. Brokerage fees are generally paid by reinsurers. The Reinsurance segment s ten largest brokers accounted for an aggregate of approximately 60.9% of gross written premiums in 2025. The broker with the largest share of the company s business, Marsh McLennan, accounted for approximately 22.4% of gross written premiums. The broker with the next-largest share, Aon, accounted for approximately 18.7% of gross written premiums. The Company believes that a reduction of business assumed from any one broker would not have a material adverse effect on the Company. The direct reinsurance market is an important distribution channel for reinsurance business written by the Company. Direct placement of reinsurance enables the Company to access clients who prefer to place their reinsurance directly with reinsurers based upon the reinsurer s in-depth understanding of the ceding company s needs. The Company s Insurance segment mainly writes commercial property and casualty business on an admitted and non-admitted basis. The business is written through wholesale and retail brokers, surplus lines brokers and through program administrators. In 2025, no single program administrator accounted for more than 4.3% of the Insurance segment s gross written premium in total. Effective October 26, 2025, the Company sold its renewals rights to certain lines of commercial property and casualty insurance business written through retail brokers. See the Our Operations section for further details of this transaction. It is our long-standing client and broker relationships that help us continue to grow and maintain our global leadership position. The Company continually evaluates each business relationship, including within its distribution channel bearing underwriting expertise and experience, performs analyses to evaluate financial security, monitors performance and adjusts underwriting decisions accordingly. The Company s underwriting strategies seek to capitalize on what we believe are our global franchise, financial strength and capacity, stable and experienced management team, diversified product and distribution offerings, underwriting expertise and disciplined approach, efficient and low-cost operating structure and effective enterprise risk management practices. The Company s underwriting strategies emphasize disciplined underwriting, prioritizing underwriting profitability over premium volume and flexibility to adjust and respond to changing market conditions. Key elements of these strategies, as applicable to the Reinsurance segment, include careful risk selection, appropriate pricing through strict underwriting discipline and adjustments to the Company s business mix as market conditions change. We focus on 3 Table of Contents (re)insuring companies that effectively manage their own underwriting cycle through proper analysis and appropriate pricing of underlying risks and whose underwriting guidelines and performance are compatible with their and the Company s objectives. Key elements of the Company s underwriting strategies, as applicable to the Insurance segment, include careful expansion on what we believe to be the Company s existing strengths in the primary insurance market, including its broad underwriting expertise, global presence, strong financial ratings and substantial capital, and facilitating adjustments to its mix of business by geographic region, line of business and type of coverage. These strategies allow Everest to fully participate in market opportunities that provide the greatest potential for underwriting profitability. The Company s insurance and reinsurance operations allow the Company to execute its strategies by providing access to the global business markets. The Company carefully monitors its mix of business across all operations to seek to avoid unacceptable geographic or other risk concentrations. Competition. The global reinsurance and insurance markets are highly competitive and mature. Reinsurance and insurance companies differentiate themselves based on financial strength, range of products, brand recognition, duration of the relationship with the cedents, agent and broker relationships, distribution channels, claims management and customer service. Competition for clients might be based on pricing, capacity, coverage terms, conditions or other factors. We compete in global and local markets with U.S., Bermuda, European, and other international reinsurers and insurers. Reinsurance competitors might include investment companies, mutual companies, insurance companies, alternative risk providers (such as captives, catastrophe bonds and pools) and others, as alternative products are introduced into the capital markets to compete with traditional reinsurance companies. In addition, we also compete with new companies and existing companies that move into the insurance industry. Competitors sell through various distribution channels and business models, across a broad array of product lines and with a high level of variation regarding geographic, marketing and customer segmentation. Human Capital Management. Our colleagues worldwide are essential to our success, and we strive to attract and retain the highest caliber of talent to meet our business needs as well as the needs of our clients and customers. It is our goal to build skilled, talented, collaborative, inclusive teams and foster a sense of purpose and company culture rooted in a broad range of thought and experiences. As of February 1, 2026, the Company employed 3,064 persons. Management believes that colleague engagement is strong. None of the Company s U.S.-based employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements, and the Company is not aware of any current efforts to enter into such agreements. Talent Attraction, Development and Retention. Everest is proud to be home to top industry talent, and we make ongoing, strategic investments in our people. Our ability to attract, develop and retain a high caliber of professionals is critical to our continued growth and ability to execute on our strategic priorities. Investing in the ongoing development of our colleagues is fundamental to our success and sustained competitive advantage as a global leader in risk management. We empower our colleagues to take ownership of their professional growth through a comprehensive suite of resources, including industry-leading training programs, technical upskilling, opportunities, mentorship initiatives and robust management and leadership development offerings. Our commitment to continuous learning and development spans all levels, and we are continually expanding our program offerings to meet evolving needs. This includes a newly implemented enterprise-wide program focused on cultivating next-generation skills, and an expansion of our early career program to develop future Underwriters, Actuaries and IT professionals through rotational placements. Further, Everest maintains a proactive approach to succession planning, prioritizing internal talent development and advancement opportunities. Proactive recruitment of skilled and experienced teams is an important aspect of succession planning at both our Board of Directors (the Board ) level and throughout the organization. Everest seeks to attract, retain and develop exceptional talent, fostering an inclusive workplace that embraces unique skill sets, experiences and perspectives. People power our success. We are committed to providing all colleagues with an engaging and supportive environment so they can develop personally and help drive our future growth. That is why Everest is pleased to offer various global initiatives such as leadership coffee hours and fireside chats; charitable community outreach events and volunteer opportunities; networking events; employee recognition awards; and, thought leadership topics with senior leaders. By 4 Table of Contents offering a meaningful and engaging colleague experience, we are focused on inspiring our global teams to underwrite opportunity in everything that they do. Culture. Everest s Values and Colleague Behaviors speak to how we operate as One Everest, regardless of location, level or function. Our Values are the guiding principles that inform our decisions, actions and behaviors. They are an expression of our culture and an integral part of how we work. Our Colleague Behaviors define how we operate and interact with each other no matter our location, level or function: Respect Everyone. Pursue Better. Lead by Example. Own our Outcomes. Win Together. The Company has embedded these behaviors within colleague programs and practices globally. We are taking a systematic approach to integrating them into everything we do, from our talent acquisition and onboarding programs to our performance and compensation plans, recognition initiatives and general employment policies. People are Everest s greatest asset, and the quality of our teams has been enhanced through the wide range of backgrounds, perspectives and interests our colleagues bring to our community. At Everest, our commitment to equal opportunity in our dealings and cultural inclusivity reflects a core principle that we promote not only within our workplace but also in the global communities where we operate. Our Board is committed to selecting director and executive management candidates who possess unique skill sets, experiences and perspectives that enhance our governance, strategy, corporate responsibility, culture and risk management. Everest has a global inclusion, culture and engagement strategic framework and focus areas that aligns with our corporate values and initiatives. As part of our global inclusion, culture and engagement efforts, our mission is to help foster an environment that attracts, retains and develops the best talent; prioritizes people, their life experiences and perspectives; and serves as a conduit to senior management to promote measurable company-wide engagement. Segments Overview. As of December 31, 2025, the Company managed its business through two reportable segments, Reinsurance and Insurance. Key strategic decisions are based on the aggregate operating results and projections for the two business segments. During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company revised its classification and presentation of certain run-off business, previously included within the Reinsurance and Insurance reportable segments, as part of a new segment called "Other". The Other segment includes the results of our sports and leisure business sold in October 2024, consisting of policies written prior to the sale and polices renewed and certain new business written on the Company s paper post-sale. It also includes run-off asbestos and environmental exposures, certain discontinued insurance programs primarily written prior to 2012 and certain discontinued insurance and reinsurance coverage classes. The Other segment does not generally sell insurance or reinsurance products but is responsible for the management of existing policies and settlement of related losses. These segment presentation changes have been reflected retrospectively. The Reinsurance segment writes worldwide property and casualty reinsurance and specialty lines of business, on both a treaty and facultative basis, through reinsurance brokers, as well as directly with ceding companies. Business is written in the United States, Bermuda and Ireland offices, as well as through branches in Canada, India, Singapore, the U.K. and Switzerland. The Insurance segment writes property and casualty insurance directly and through brokers, including for surplus lines, and general agents within the United States, Bermuda, Canada, Europe, Singapore and South America through its offices in the United States, Bermuda, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Singapore, the U.K., Ireland and branches located in Australia, the U.K., the Netherlands, France, Germany, Italy and Spain. The two reportable segments are managed independently but conform with corporate guidelines with respect to pricing, risk management, control of aggregate catastrophe exposures, capital, investments and support operations. Management generally monitors and evaluates the financial performance of the two reportable segments based upon their underwriting results. Underwriting results include earned premium less losses and LAE incurred, commission and brokerage expenses and other underwriting expenses. We measure our underwriting results using ratios, in particular, loss, commission and 5 Table of Contents brokerage and other underwriting expense ratios, which, respectively, divide incurred losses, commissions and brokerage and other underwriting expenses by premiums earned. For selected financial information regarding these segments, see ITEM 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and ITEM 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation - Segment Results . Reinsurance Segment. Overview Reinsurance is an arrangement in which an (re)insurance company, the reinsurer, agrees to indemnify another insurance or reinsurance company, the ceding company, against all or a portion of the risks underwritten by the ceding company under one or more insurance and/or reinsurance contracts. Reinsurance can provide a ceding company with several benefits, including a reduction in its net liability on individual risks or classes of risks, catastrophe protection from large and/or multiple losses and/or a reduction in operating leverage as measured by the ratio of net premiums and reserves to capital. Reinsurance also provides a ceding company with additional underwriting capacity by permitting it to accept larger risks and write more business than would be acceptable relative to the ceding company s financial resources. Reinsurance does not discharge the ceding company from its liability to policyholders; rather, it reimburses the ceding company for covered losses. There are two types of reinsurance arrangements: treaty and facultative. Treaty reinsurance obligates the ceding company to cede and the reinsurer to assume a specified portion of a type or category of risks insured by the ceding company. Treaty reinsurers do not separately evaluate each of the individual risks assumed under their treaties; instead, the reinsurer evaluates portfolio level exposure based on information provided by the ceding company. I n facultative reinsurance, the ceding company cedes, and the reinsurer assumes, all or part of the risk under a single insurance contract. Facultative reinsurance is negotiated separately for each insurance contract that is reinsured. Facultative reinsurance, when purchased by ceding companies, usually is intended to cover individual risks not covered by their reinsurance treaties because of the dollar limits involved or because the risk is unusual. Both treaty and facultative reinsurance can be written on either a pro rata basis or an excess of loss basis. Under pro rata reinsurance, the ceding company and the reinsurer share the premiums as well as the losses and expenses in an agreed proportion. Under excess of loss reinsurance, the reinsurer indemnifies the ceding company against all or a specified portion of losses and expenses in excess of a specified dollar amount, known as the ceding company's retention or reinsurer's attachment point, generally subject to a negotiated reinsurance contract limit. In pro rata reinsurance, the reinsurer generally pays the ceding company a ceding commission. The ceding commission generally is based on the ceding company s cost of acquiring the business being reinsured (such as commissions, premium taxes, assessments and miscellaneous administrative expenses, and may contain profit sharing provisions, whereby the ceding commission is adjusted based on loss experience). Premiums paid by the ceding company to a reinsurer for excess of loss reinsurance are not directly proportional to the premiums that the ceding company receives because the reinsurer does not assume a proportionate risk. There is usually no ceding commission on treaty excess of loss reinsurance. Reinsurers may purchase reinsurance to cover their own risk exposure. Reinsurance of a reinsurer's business is called a retrocession. Reinsurance companies cede risks under retrocessional agreements to other reinsurers, known as retrocessionaires, for reasons similar to those that cause insurers to purchase reinsurance: to reduce net liability on individual or classes of risks, protect against catastrophic losses, stabilize financial ratios and obtain additional underwriting capacity. All the Company s reinsurance and retrocessional agreements transfer significant reinsurance risk and therefore, are accounted for as reinsurance in accordance with GAAP guidance. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company s Reinsurance segment wrote $12.8 billion of gross written premiums. Reinsurance business written directly through the broker reinsurance market represented $11.6 billion or 90.2% of the segment s premium and $1.3 billion or 9.8% was written directly with ceding companies. Our Reinsurance segment is comprised of property and casualty reinsurance and specialty lines of business on both a treaty, facultative and large corporate risk basis, including: Property Pro Rata business, which accounted for 36.3% of reinsurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of contracts providing coverage to cedents for property damage and related losses, which may include business interruption and other non-property losses, resulting from natural or man-made perils arising from their underlying portfolio of policies at an agreed upon percentage for both premium and loss. 6 Table of Contents Property Non-Catastrophe Excess of Loss ( XOL ) business, which accounted for 5.7% of reinsurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of contracts providing coverage to cedents for a portion of property damage and related losses, which may include business interruption and other non-property losses, resulting from natural or man-made perils in excess of an agreed upon deductible up to a stated limit. Property Catastrophe XOL business, which accounted for 18.3% of reinsurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of contracts providing coverage to cedents for a portion of property damage and related losses, which may include business interruption and other non-property losses, resulting from catastrophic losses, in excess of an agreed upon deductible up to a stated limit. The main perils covered include hurricane, earthquake, flood, convective storm and fire. Casualty Pro Rata business, which accounted for 21.3% of reinsurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of contracts providing coverage to cedents for losses primarily arising from general liability, professional indemnity, product liability, workers' compensation, employer s liability, aviation and auto liability from their underlying portfolio of policies at an agreed upon percentage for both premium and loss. Casualty XOL business, which accounted for 11.5% of reinsurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of contracts providing coverage to cedents for losses primarily arising from general liability, professional indemnity, product liability, workers' compensation, aviation and auto liability from their underlying portfolio of policies in excess of an agreed upon deductible up to a stated limit. Financial Lines business, which accounted for 6.9% of reinsurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of contracts providing coverage to cedents for losses arising from political risk, credit, surety, mortgage and alternative risk lines of business on both a pro rata and excess of loss basis. Products Our Reinsurance segment provides treaty and facultative reinsurance on either a pro rata or an excess of loss basis to insurance companies across the globe. Our company provides products for the following lines of business: Property provides protection for property damage and other related losses covered in the underlying insurance policies. Losses might arise from property loss or property damage, as well as other related risks, such as business interruption and other non-property losses that arise from the covered peril. Perils covered by such policies may be natural or man-made and include hurricanes, tornadoes, hail, windstorms, earthquakes, freezes, floods, explosions and fires. Catastrophe is a specific line of property reinsurance that provides protection against catastrophic losses from natural perils such as hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, floods, tornadoes and fires. Casualty provides protection for losses covered in liability or casualty insurance policies. Typical lines covered by the underlying insurers can be general liability, workers compensation, automobile liability, umbrella and excess casualty. Mortgage reinsurance provides protection in the U.S. and internationally on private mortgage insurance policies as well as participating in Government Sponsored Entities (i.e. Fannie Mae Freddie Mac) credit risk-sharing transactions. Reinsurance coverage is provided on a proportional and non-proportional basis. We participate regularly in both Fannie Mae Freddie Mac single family and multifamily risk sharing programs. Marine provides protection for property damages, physical loss or liability affecting the marine business, which includes losses relating to cargo ships, hull, recreational craft, inland marine and offshore energy. Perils can be natural or man-made and include storms, sinking/stranding, pollution, fire, explosion and accidents. Aviation provides protection cover for aircrafts, airline, aerospace and other general aviation risks. Engineering provides protection for construction and machinery risks including testing, setting up of machinery, operational failures, incidents affecting plant and equipment, business interruption and other mechanical failures. This class also covers property and liability exposures related to construction sites. Professional Lines provides protection for losses arising from employment, practices and coverage of risks, such as director s and officer s liability, employment litigation liability, medical malpractice, professional indemnity, environmental liability, omission of insurance and cyber liability. 7 Table of Contents Credit and Surety provides protection for losses arising from insurance products, offering payments in the event of default from a borrower. Losses may arise from surety bonds issued by insurers as required by regulators or guarantors. For example, mortgage insurance provides coverage for losses related to credit risk. Motor provides protection to insurance companies offering motor liability and property damage. Losses may affect the underlying insured party or other claimants. Agriculture/Crop provides protection for risks associated with agriculture and production of food. Underlying insurance contracts might offer contracts covering against natural or man-perils, such as hail, storms and floods, and might cover crop yields or price deviation from set amounts. Political Violence provides protection against damages resulting from various perils, such as terrorism, sabotage, strikes, riots, insurrection, revolution, coup and war. Losses might occur due to property damage resulting from such perils, business interruption, cyber/malicious attack, event cancellation or construction delays. 8 Table of Contents Insurance Segment. Overview Everest s Insurance segment markets and distributes a wide range of insurance products and services through various forms of brokers and agents on a worldwide basis. We serve multinational corporations and mid-size commercial clients across various industries globally. Our Insurance segment operates through both North America and international markets. Effective October 26, 2025, the Company sold its renewals rights to certain lines of commercial property and casualty insurance business written through retail brokers. See the Our Operations section for further details of this transaction. In 2025, the Company s Insurance segment wrote $4.8 billion of gross written premiums. The Insurance segment lines of business write a broad suite of tailored products and services, including: Accident and Health business, which accounted for 9.6% of Insurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of policies covering Participant Accident, Short-Term Medical and Medical Stop-Loss protection for employers with self-funded medical plans. Specialty Casualty business, which accounted for 23.4% of Insurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of policies covering General Liability (Premises/Operations and Products), Auto Liability and Umbrella/Excess Liability. Other Specialty business, which accounted for 13.4% of Insurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of policies covering specialty areas including, but not limited to, Surety, Trade Credit Political Risk, Transactional Liability, Energy Construction and Aviation. Professional Liability business, which accounted for 17.3% of Insurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of policies covering Directors Officers Liability, Errors Omissions, Cyber Liability and other ancillary financial lines products. Property/Short-Tail business, which accounted for 29.8% of Insurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of policies covering Property, Inland Marine and other short-tail lines. Workers Compensation business, which accounted for 6.6% of Insurance gross written premiums, consists predominantly of policies covering Workers Compensation, including both guaranteed cost and loss sensitive product offerings. Products The Insurance segment writes property, casualty and specialty insurance products, which are aligned with the lines of business described within the Insurance Segment Overview. These products are written directly, as well as through brokers, including for surplus lines and general agents within the U.S., Bermuda, Canada, Europe, Singapore and South America through offices in the U.S., Bermuda, Canada, Chile, Singapore, the U.K., Ireland and branches located in the U.K., the Netherlands, France, Germany, Italy and Spain. Claims. Insurance claims are managed by the Company s professional claims staff (the Claims staff ), many of whom have insurance and legal professional qualifications. Their responsibilities include reviewing initial loss reports, analyzing coverage issues, evaluating and reserving claims and paying settlements. When appropriate, the Claims staff engage external professional advisors such as legal counsel, loss adjusters and engineers to support the effective management of claims. Claims are allocated to the Claims staff according to their expertise and experience and most specialize in particular product segments and geographies. Some insurance claims are handled by third party claims service providers who have limited authority and are subject to oversight by the Claims staff. The Claims staff work closely with senior management in Insurance, as well as underwriting, finance and actuarial. Reinsurance claims are also managed by the Company s Claims staff whose responsibilities include reviewing initial loss reports and coverage issues, monitoring claims, handling activities of ceding companies, establishing and adjusting proper case reserves and approving payment of claims. In addition to claims assessment, processing and payment, the Claims staff selectively conducts comprehensive claim audits of both specific claims and overall claim procedures at the offices of selected ceding companies. Some reinsurance claims are handled by third party claims service providers who have 9 Table of Contents limited authority and are subject to oversight by the Company s Claims staff. The Claims staff works closely with senior management in Reinsurance, as well as underwriting, finance and actuarial. The Company intensively manages its asbestos and environmental ( A E ) exposures through a dedicated, centrally managed Claims staff with experienced claim and legal professionals who specialize in the handling of such exposures. They actively manage each individual insured and reinsured account, responding to claim developments with evaluations of the involved exposures and adjustment of reserves, as appropriate. Specific or general claim developments that may have material implications for the Company are regularly communicated to senior management, actuarial, legal and financial areas. Senior management and claim management personnel meet at least quarterly to review the Company s overall reserve positions and make changes, if appropriate. The Company continually reviews its internal processing, communications and analytics, seeking to enhance the management of its A E exposures, in particular with respect to changes in asbestos claims and litigation. Loss Reserves. Reserves for Unpaid Property and Casualty Losses and LAE. Significant periods of time may elapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to the (re) insurer, the payment of that loss by the insurer and subsequent payments to the insurer by the reinsurer. To recognize liabilities for unpaid losses and LAE, insurers and reinsurers establish reserves, which are balance sheet liabilities representing estimates of future amounts needed to pay reported and unreported claims and related expenses for losses that have already occurred. To the extent reserves prove to be insufficient to cover actual losses and LAE after taking into account available reinsurance coverage, the Company would have to recognize such reserve shortfalls and incur a charge to earnings, which could be material in the period such recognition takes place. See ITEM 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Loss and LAE Reserves . As part of the reserving process, (re)insurers evaluate historical data and trends and make judgments as to the impact of various factors, such as legislative and judicial developments that may affect future claim amounts, changes in social and political attitudes that may increase loss exposures and inflationary and general economic trends. While the reserving process is difficult and subjective for insurance companies, the inherent uncertainties of estimating such reserves are even greater for the reinsurer, due primarily to the longer time between the date of an occurrence and the reporting of any attendant claims to the reinsurer, the diversity of development patterns among different types of reinsurance treaties or facultative contracts, the necessary reliance on the ceding companies for information regarding reported claims and differing reserving practices among ceding companies. In addition, trends that have affected development of liabilities in the past may not necessarily occur or affect liability development in the same manner or to the same degree in the future. As a result, actual losses and LAE may deviate, perhaps substantially, from estimates of reserves reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements. The Company s loss and LAE reserves represent management s best estimate of the Company s ultimate liability. Management s best estimate is developed through collaboration with actuarial, underwriting, claims, legal and finance departments and culminates with the input of reserve committees. Each segment s reserve committee includes the participation of the relevant parties from actuarial, finance, claims and the segment s senior management. Reserves are further reviewed by Everest s Chief Reserving Actuary and senior management. The objective of such process is to determine a single best estimate viewed by management to be the best estimate of its ultimate loss liability. While there can be no assurance that these reserves will not need to be increased in the future, management believes that the Company s existing reserves and reserving methodologies reduce the likelihood that any such increases would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Like many other property and casualty insurance and reinsurance companies, the Company has experienced loss development for prior accident years, which has impacted losses and LAE reserves and caused corresponding effects to income (loss) in the periods in which the adjustments were made. There can be no assurance that adverse development from prior years will not occur in the future or that such adverse development will not have a material adverse effect on net income (loss). Since the Company has operations in many countries, part of the Company s loss and LAE reserves are in foreign currencies and translated to U.S. dollars for each reporting period. Fluctuations in the exchange rates for the currencies, period over period, affect the U.S. dollar amount of outstanding reserves. The translation adjustment eliminates the impact of the exchange fluctuations from the reserve re-estimates. For reconciliation of beginning and ending reserves, see Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 10 Table of Contents Adverse Development Cover Reinsurance Agreements Effective October 1, 2025, the Company through its subsidiaries Everest Re and Bermuda Re (the Ceding Companies ) entered into adverse development reinsurance agreements with State National Insurance Company, Inc. and MS Transverse Insurance Company. The Reinsurance Agreements are supported on a retrocessional basis by Longtail Re, an affiliate of Stone Ridge Capital. The agreements reinsure potential adverse loss development for accident years 2024 and prior arising from substantially all of the Ceding Companies North American liabilities within the Insurance and Other segments ( Subject Business ) up to a gross limit of $1.2 billion. Certain liabilities are excluded from the Subject Business, including among others those related to the A E reserves included in the Other segment. The carried reserves held for the Subject Business were $5.4 billion as of September 30, 2025 and $5.0 billion as of December 31, 2025, respectively. The adverse development cover ( ADC ) is composed of three layers. The first layer is an in the money layer whereby the ADC attachment point was $1,250 billion below the Company s North American Insurance and Other segment liability subject reserves of $5.4 billion held as of September 30, 2025. The second layer is $700 million in excess of the $5.4 billion. The Company transferred $1,250 million of in-the-money reserves in consideration for the first two layers upon closing of the transaction. The third layer is $500 million, for which the Company paid approximately $122 million of consideration upon closing of the transaction. The Company has a co-participation of $100 million in each of the second and third layers. For more details, see Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2025 and the adverse development reinsurance agreements attached thereto and incorporated by reference below in Exhibits 10.55 and 10.56. As of December 31, 2025, the total covered losses ceded to State National Insurance Company, Inc. were $1,253 million. The aggregated unexpired limit was $597 million and $400 million for State National Insurance Company, Inc. and MS Transverse Insurance Company, respectively. Reserves for Asbestos and Environmental Loss and LAE. As of December 31, 2025, the Company s gross reserves for A E claims represented 0.6% of its total reserves. The results of run-off A E exposures are included within the Company s Other segment. The Company s A E liabilities stem from direct insurance business from Mt. McKinley Insurance Company ( Mt. McKinley ) and assumed reinsurance business of Everest Re. Mt. McKinley was a former wholly-owned subsidiary that was sold in 2015 to Clearwater Insurance Company ( Clearwater ), a subsidiary of Fairfax Financial. Concurrently with the closing of such sale, the Company entered into a retrocession treaty with an affiliate of Clearwater. Per the retrocession treaty, the Company retroceded 100% of the liabilities associated with certain Mt. McKinley policies, which had been reinsured by Bermuda Re. As consideration for entering into the retrocession treaty, Bermuda Re transferred cash of $140 million, an amount equal to the net loss reserves as of the closing date. Of the $140 million of net loss reserves retroceded, $101 million were related to A E business. The maximum liability retroceded under the retrocession treaty is $440 million, equal to the retrocession payment plus $300 million. Bermuda Re will retain liability for any amounts exceeding the maximum liability retroceded under the retrocession treaty. On December 20, 2019, the retrocession treaty was amended and included a partial commutation reducing the gross A E reserves and the corresponding reinsurance receivable by $43 million and increasing the maximum liability permitted to be retroceded to $450 million. Additional losses, including those relating to latent injuries and other exposures, which are as yet unrecognized and the type or magnitude of which cannot be foreseen by either the Company or the industry, may emerge in the future. Such future emergence could have material adverse effects on the Company s future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. There are significant uncertainties in estimating the amount of the Company s potential losses from A E claims and ultimate values cannot be estimated using traditional reserving techniques. See ITEM 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Asbestos and Environmental Exposures and ITEM 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Investments. The Board of Directors of the Company has an Investment Policy Committee that is responsible for establishing investment policy and guidelines and, together with senior management, for overseeing their execution. The Board of Directors of each of the Company s operating subsidiaries ensures that investment policies are in compliance with local regulatory requirements and are aligned with Group s overall investment policy and guidelines. 11 Table of Contents The Company s principal investment objectives are to ensure funds are available to meet its insurance and reinsurance obligations and to maximize after-tax investment income while maintaining a high-quality diversified investment portfolio. Considering these objectives, the Company views its investment portfolio as having two components: (1) the investments needed to satisfy outstanding liabilities (i.e., largely its core fixed maturities portfolio) and (2) investments funded by the Company s shareholders equity. For the portion needed to satisfy global outstanding liabilities, the Company generally invests in fixed maturities with strong average credit quality. This global fixed maturity securities portfolio is managed both internally and on an external basis by independent, professional investment managers using portfolio guidelines approved by the Company. The Company has expanded the allocation of its investments funded by shareholders equity to include: (1) fixed and floating rate securities, (2) bank and private loan securities, (3) private equity limited partnership investments and (4) corporate-owned life insurance ( COLI ) policies, which are invested in debt and equity securities. The objective of this portfolio diversification is to enhance the risk-adjusted total return of the investment portfolio by allocating a prudent portion of the portfolio to higher return asset classes. The Company limits its allocation to these asset classes because of (i) the potential for volatility in their values and (ii) the impact of these investments on regulatory and rating agency capital adequacy models. The Company uses investment managers experienced in these markets and adjusts its allocation to these investments based upon market conditions. The duration of an investment is based on the maturity of the security but also reflects the payment of interest and the possibility of early prepayments. The Company s fixed income investment guidelines include a general duration guideline. This investment duration guideline is established and periodically revised by management, which considers economic and business factors, as well as the Company s average duration of potential liabilities, which, at December 31, 2025, is estimated at approximately 4.0 years, based on the estimated payouts of underwriting liabilities using standard duration calculations. The average durations of the fixed income portfolio at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were 3.4 years and 3.1 years, respectively. Financial Strength Ratings. The following table shows the current financial strength ratings of the Company s operating subsidiaries as reported by A.M. Best, S P and Moody s. These ratings represent an independent opinion of our subsidiaries financial strength, operating performance, business profile and ability to meet policyholder obligations. The ratings are not intended to be an indication of the degree or lack of risk involved in a direct or indirect equity investment or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our securities. Additionally, rating organizations may change their rating methodology, which could have a material impact on our financial strength ratings. All of the below-mentioned ratings are continually monitored and revised, if necessary, by each of the rating agencies. The ratings presented in the following table were in effect as of December 31, 2025. The Company believes that its ratings are important as they provide the Company s customers and others with an independent assessment of the Company s financial strength using a rating scale that provides for relative comparisons. 12 Table of Contents Strong financial ratings are particularly important for reinsurance and insurance companies given that customers rely on a company to pay covered losses well into the future. As a result, a highly rated company is generally preferred. Operating Subsidiary (1), (2) : A.M. Best (3) S P (4) Moody's (5) Everest Reinsurance Company A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) A1 (upper-medium) Everest Reinsurance (Bermuda) Ltd. A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) A1 (upper-medium) Everest Reinsurance Company (Ireland) dac A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) Not Rated Everest National Insurance Company A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) Not Rated Everest Indemnity Insurance Company A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) Not Rated Everest Security Insurance Company A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) Not Rated Everest International Assurance, Ltd. A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) Not Rated Everest Insurance Company of Canada A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) Not Rated Everest International Reinsurance, Ltd. A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) Not Rated Everest Denali Insurance Company A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) Not Rated Everest Premier Insurance Company A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) Not Rated Everest Insurance (Ireland), dac A+ (Superior) A+ (Strong) Not Rated Compa ia de Seguros Generales Everest Mexico S.A. de C.V. A+ (Superior) Not Rated Not Rated (1) Everest Compa a de Seguros Generales Chile S.A. is rated AA by Humphreys and AA+ by ICR Chile. These ratings were affirmed as of July 25, 2025, and July 31, 2025, respectively. (2) Everest Compa a de Seguros Generales Colombia S.A. is rated AA by Value Risk. This rating was affirmed as of September 25, 2025. (3) A.M. Best Financial Strength Ratings Scale: D (Poor) to A+ (Superior). Each financial strength rating category from A to C includes a rating notch to reflect a graduation of financial strength within the category. A rating notch is expressed with either a second plus (+) or a minus (-). (4) S P Financial Strength Ratings Scale: D (Payment Default) to AAA (Extremely Strong). Ratings from AA to CCC may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. (5) Moody s Financial Strength Ratings Scale: C (Low Grade) to Aaa (High Grade). Note that Moody s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. A.M. Best states that the A+ ( Superior ) rating is assigned to those companies which, in its opinion, have a superior ability to meet their ongoing insurance policies and contract obligations based on A.M. Best s comprehensive quantitative and qualitative evaluation of a company s balance sheet strength, operating performance and business profile. A.M. Best affirmed these ratings on October 29, 2025, and revised the outlook from stable to negative. S P states that the A+ / A ratings are assigned to those insurance companies which, in its opinion, have strong financial security characteristics with respect to their ability to pay under their insurance policies and contracts in accordance with their terms. S P affirmed all ratings on January 28, 2025, and changed the outlook from stable to negative. Moody s states that an A1 rating is assigned to companies that, in their opinion, offer upper-medium grade security and are subject to low credit risk. Moody s affirmed these ratings on October 28, 2025, and revised the outlook from stable to negative. Subsidiaries other than Everest Re and Bermuda Re may not be rated by some or any rating agencies given that such ratings are not considered essential by the individual subsidiary s customers because of the limited nature of the subsidiary s operations or because the subsidiaries are newly established and have not yet been rated by the agencies. Debt Ratings. The following table shows the debt ratings by A.M. Best, S P and Moody s of the following series of notes issued by Holdings, all of which are considered investment grade: (1) senior notes due June 1, 2044, (2) senior notes due October 15, 2050, (3) senior notes due October 15, 2052 and (4) long-term notes due May 1, 2067. Debt ratings are the rating agencies current assessment of the credit worthiness and outlook of an obligor with respect to a specific obligation. Instrument A.M. Best S P Moody's Senior Notes due June 1, 2044 a- (Excellent) BBB+ (Strong) Baa1 (Medium Grade) Senior Notes due October 15, 2050 a- (Excellent) BBB+ (Strong) Baa1 (Medium Grade) Senior Notes due October 15, 2052 Not Rated BBB+ (Strong) Baa1 (Medium Grade) Long-Term Notes due May 1, 2067 bbb (Good) BBB- (Adequate) Baa2 (Medium Grade) 13 Table of Contents Enterprise Risk Management. Everest underwrites and manages risk for its customers. As a global insurance and reinsurance business, we have an established Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) framework that is integrated into the day-to-day management of our businesses and operations. The ERM framework provides a group-wide systemic approach to managing the organization s key risks and is supported by Risk Appetite Statements approved by the Everest Board. Risk governance is a key component of Everest s ERM framework in order to establish and coordinate risk guidelines that reflect the enterprise s appetite for risk, facilitate monitoring of risk exposure relative to established guidelines and ensure effective and timely escalation and communication to management and the Board. Risk management is overseen by Board and senior management risk committees. The risk committees are established at the Group level, as well as within certain Everest entities, to oversee capital and risk positions, approve risk management strategies and limits and establish appropriate risk standards and policies. Our Enterprise Risk Committee ( ERC ) reports to and assists the Chief Executive Officer in the oversight and review of Everest s ERM framework and key risks, including Underwriting, Financial, Operational and Strategic risks. The ERC is responsible for establishing the Group s risk management principles, policies and risk appetite levels. The ERC meets at least quarterly and is comprised of the following senior executives: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Group Chief Underwriting Officer, Reinsurance Chief Underwriting Officer, Insurance Chief Underwriting Officer, Global Operations Executive, Chief Executive of Legacy Operations, Chief Reserving Actuary and Chief Risk Officer. The ERC is assisted in its activities by Everest s ERM function and senior management risk committees. The ERC provides strategic risk management direction to the Group, which is then executed by the business units and by Everest s ERM function. ERM is centrally responsible for implementing the risk management framework and identifying, assessing, monitoring, controlling and communicating the Company s risk exposures. Everest s ERM function is independent of operating units and reports to the Chief Risk Officer. Everest s senior management risk committees, including the Underwriting Risk Committee, Financial Risk Committee and Operational Risk Committee, report into ERC with monitoring and analysis of risk insights with regards to exposure management and execution management. Our Chief Risk Officer also reports to the Board s Risk Management Committee ( RMC ), which helps execute the Board s supervisory responsibility pertaining to ERM. The role of the RMC includes evaluation of the integrity and effectiveness of our ERM procedures, systems, and information; governance on major policy decisions pertaining to risk aggregation and minimization; and, assessment of our major decisions and preparedness levels pertaining to perceived material risks. Regulatory Matters. The Company and its insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation under the insurance statutes of the various jurisdictions in which they conduct business, including Bermuda, all U.S. states, Canada, Singapore, Brazil, the U.K., Ireland, Chile Colombia, Mexico, India and Australia. These regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and are generally designed to protect ceding insurance companies and policyholders by regulating the Company s conduct of business, financial integrity and ability to meet its obligations. Many of these regulations require reporting of information designed to allow insurance regulators to closely monitor the Company s performance. Climate-Related Risk Management. As a global insurance and reinsurance organization, we recognize the potential impact of extreme natural perils on our world. We are also acutely aware of the fact that our industry plays a critical role in economic and social recovery after such extreme weather events. It is our policy to remain committed to providing solutions that can help our clients manage their own environmental risks in real and practical ways. We are also dedicated to managing and reducing our own ecological footprint wherever possible and considering environmental factors when making investment decisions. Much of our business involves protecting clients through insurance and reinsurance from the impact of devastating natural catastrophes. As such, it is our policy to take a proactive approach to incorporating climate and weather-related risk into our underwriting procedure. To meet this challenge, our underwriting, actuarial and catastrophe modelling teams work together in researching and analyzing external raw climate/meteorological data in conjunction with our internal proprietary claims and loss information data to assess the geographical impacts of climate-related risk and develop predictive analytics models to refine our pricing tolerances and product development. This team approach to assessing the impact of climate-related risk for Everest, as well as our customers, ensures that we are most accurately and responsibly providing specialized coverage to our clients for climate and other environment-related risks. 14 Table of Contents Insurance Holding Company Regulation. Under applicable U.S. laws and regulations, no person, corporation or other entity may acquire a controlling interest in the Company, unless such person, corporation or entity has obtained prior approval for such acquisition from the insurance commissioners of Delaware and any other state in which the Company s insurance subsidiaries are domiciled or deemed domiciled (as of this date, California). Under these laws, control is presumed when any person acquires, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting securities of an insurance company. To obtain the approval of any change in control, the proposed acquirer must file an application with the relevant insurance commissioner disclosing, among other things, the background of the acquirer and that of its directors and officers, the acquirer s financial condition and its proposed changes in the management and operations of the insurance company. U.S. state regulators also require prior notice or regulatory approval of material intercompany and inter-affiliate transactions within the holding company structure. Effective January 7, 2026, the Bermuda Insurance Amendment (No. 2) Act 2025 (the "Amendment Act") expanded the Bermuda Monetary Authority's ("BMA") group supervision framework under the Bermuda Insurance Act 1978 (the Act ). Under the Amendment Act, the BMA will now designate and register non-regulated insurance holding companies, including insurance groups headed by either (a) a specified insurer or (b) a Bermuda company that is the ultimate parent company of an insurance group. For this purpose, a specified insurer will be a Class 3A, 3B, 4, C, D or E insurer unless such other class of insurer is designated by the BMA. Since the Company is incorporated in Bermuda and is the ultimate parent of Everest s insurance group, the Company may become subject to group supervision by the BMA under the Amendment Act. The BMA may designate one of Everest's Bermuda-licensed subsidiaries as the "designated insurer" responsible for group-level regulatory compliance or if it determines that effective group supervision cannot be achieved through the designated insurer, instead designate and register the Company as a "designated insurance holding company". Notice of this determination will be given, following which such entity will be registered by the BMA. If such a designation is made with respect to the Company, the BMA's supervisory and enforcement powers will extend directly to Everest at the holding company level. Under the Amendment Act, insurance groups subject to supervision have a 12-month transition period to take steps required for compliance, with the BMA authorized to grant extensions of up to an additional 12 months upon application. As a result of the Amendment Act, the Company may become subject to group-level solvency and capital requirements, consolidated financial reporting and auditing obligations, recovery planning requirements and prior notification or approval requirements for certain material changes. For example no member of an insurance group domiciled in Bermuda can amalgamate with, acquire or merge with another firm without the designated insurer of that group first providing notice to the BMA that the member intends to effect such material change and allowing the BMA at least 30 days to confirm it has no objection. The Company is evaluating the impact of the Amendment Act on its regulatory obligations and on its solvency and capital requirements. The Insurance Companies Act of Canada requires prior approval by the Minister of Finance of anyone acquiring a significant interest in an insurance company authorized to do business in Canada. In addition, the Company is subject to regulation by the insurance regulators of other U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which it is authorized to do business. Certain of these U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions impose regulations regulating the ability of any person to acquire control of an insurance company authorized to do business in that jurisdiction without appropriate regulatory approval similar to those described above. Dividends. Under Bermuda law, Group is prohibited from declaring or paying a dividend if such payment would reduce the realizable value of its assets to an amount less than the aggregate value of its liabilities and its issued share capital and share premium (additional paid-in capital) accounts. Group s ability to pay dividends and its operating expenses is partially dependent upon dividends from its subsidiaries. The payment of dividends by insurance subsidiaries is limited under Bermuda law as well as the laws of the various U.S. states in which Group s insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled or deemed domiciled. The limitations are generally based upon net income (loss) and compliance with applicable policyholders surplus or minimum solvency and liquidity requirements as determined in accordance with the relevant statutory accounting practices. Under Irish corporate and regulatory law, Holdings Ireland, Everest Dublin Insurance Holdings Limited (Ireland) ( Everest Dublin Holdings ) and their respective subsidiaries are limited as to the dividends they can pay based on retained earnings and net income (loss) and/or capital and minimum solvency requirements. As Holdings has outstanding debt obligations, it is dependent upon dividends and other permissible 15 Table of Contents payments from its operating subsidiaries to enable it to meet its debt and operating expense obligations and to pay dividends. Under Bermuda law, Bermuda Re, Everest International and Everest Assurance are unable to declare or make payment of a dividend if they fail to meet their minimum solvency margin or minimum liquidity ratio. As long-term insurers, Bermuda Re and Everest Assurance are also unable to declare or pay a dividend to anyone who is not a policyholder unless, after payment of the dividend, the value of the assets in their long-term business fund, as certified by their approved actuary, exceeds their liabilities for long-term business by at least the $500,000 minimum solvency margin. Prior approval of the Bermuda Monetary Authority (the BMA ) is required if Bermuda Re s, Everest International s or Everest Assurance s dividend payments would exceed 25% of their respective prior year end statutory capital and surplus. At December 31, 2025, Bermuda Re, Everest International and Everest Assurance exceeded their solvency and liquidity requirements. The payment of dividends to Holdings by Everest Re is subject to limitations imposed by Delaware law. Generally, Everest Re may only pay dividends out of its statutory earned surplus, which was $8.9 billion at December 31, 2025, and only after it has given 10 days prior notice to the Delaware Insurance Commissioner. During this 10-day period, the Commissioner may, by order, limit or disallow the payment of ordinary dividends if the Commissioner finds the insurer to be presently or potentially in financial distress. Further, the maximum amount of dividends that may be paid without the prior approval of the Delaware Insurance Commissioner in any twelve-month period is the greater of (1) 10% of the insurer s statutory surplus as of the end of the prior calendar year and (2) the insurer s statutory net income (loss), not including realized capital gains (losses), for the prior calendar year. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2025, the maximum amount that will be available for the payment of dividends by Everest Re without triggering the requirement for prior approval of regulatory authorities in connection with a dividend is $886 million. Insurance Regulation. Bermuda Re and Everest International are not admitted to do business in any jurisdiction in the United States. These entities conduct their insurance business from their offices in Bermuda, and branch offices in the U.K. for Bermuda Re, and Singapore and Australia for Everest International. Everest Assurance, by virtue of its one-time election under section 953(d) of the U.S. IRC to be a U.S. income tax paying Controlled Foreign Corporation , is admitted to do business in the United States and Bermuda. In Bermuda, Bermuda Re, Everest International, Everest Assurance and Mt. Logan Re, Ltd. ( Mt. Logan Re ) are regulated by the Insurance Act 1978 (as amended) and related regulations (the Act ). The Act establishes solvency and liquidity standards and auditing and reporting requirements and subjects Bermuda Re, Everest International and Everest Assurance to the supervision, investigation and intervention powers of the BMA. Under the Act, each of Bermuda Re and Everest International, as a Class 4 insurer, is required to maintain a principal office in Bermuda, maintain a minimum of $100 million in statutory capital and surplus, have an independent auditor approved by the BMA conduct an annual audit and report on their respective statutory and U.S. GAAP financial statements and filings, and have an appointed loss reserve specialist (also approved by the BMA) review and report on their respective loss reserves annually. Under the Act, Everest Assurance is licensed as a Class 3A insurer for general business and as a Class C insurer for long-term business. As noted above, in light of the Amendment Act, Group may become regulated by the BMA as its Group Supervisor. Additionally, as Group Supervisor, the BMA will chair a Supervisory College, coordinating with other regulators that supervise Group s licensed entities in other jurisdictions. The Company is assessing the full scope of its compliance obligations and the potential impact of these requirements. We may need to allocate considerable time and resources to comply with new regulatory requirements and such requirements could impact our domicile and the operations of our insurance and/or non-insurance subsidiaries, impact our financial condition, capital requirements, outstanding debt, ratings and significantly increase our cost of regulatory compliance. Bermuda Re is also registered under the Act as a Class C long-term insurer and is thereby authorized to write life and annuity business. As a long-term insurer, Bermuda Re is required to maintain $500,000 in statutory capital separate from its Class 4 minimum statutory capital and surplus, to maintain long-term business funds, to separately account for this business and to have an approved actuary prepare a certificate concerning its long-term business assets and liabilities to be filed annually. Bermuda Re s operations in the U.K. are subject to regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority (the PRA ) and the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ). The PRA imposes solvency, capital adequacy, audit, financial reporting and other regulatory requirements on insurers transacting business in the U.K. The FCA regulates the conduct of insurers transacting business in the U.K. Bermuda Re presently meets or exceeds all of the PRA s solvency and capital requirements. 16 Table of Contents U.S. domestic property and casualty insurers, including reinsurers, are subject to regulation by their states of domicile and by those states in which they are licensed. The regulation of reinsurers is typically focused on financial condition, investments, management and operation. The rates and policy terms of reinsurance agreements are generally not subject to direct regulation by any governmental authority. The operations of Everest Re s foreign branch offices in Canada, Singapore and India are subject to regulation by the insurance regulatory officials of those jurisdictions. Management believes that the Company is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations pertaining to its business and operations. Everest National, Everest Security, Everest Denali and Everest Premier are subject to regulations similar to the U.S. regulations applicable to Everest Re. In addition, these companies must comply with substantial regulatory requirements in each state where they conduct business. These additional requirements include, but are not limited to, rate and policy form requirements, as well as requirements on licensing, agent appointments, participation in residual markets and claim handling procedures. These regulations are primarily designed for the protection of policyholders. Everest Indemnity is a Delaware domestic surplus lines insurer and is eligible to write insurance on a surplus lines basis in the United States. The operations of Ireland Insurance are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Its branch office in the U.K. is also regulated by the PRA and FCA. Its branch offices in the Netherlands, Germany, France, Italy and Spain are subject to limited local regulation by the insurance regulatory officials of those jurisdictions. Management believes that the Company is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations pertaining to its business and operations in each of these jurisdictions. The operations of Ireland Re are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Its branch office in Switzerland is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. Management believes that the Company is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations pertaining to its business and operations in each of these jurisdictions. Compa a de Seguros Generales Everest Mexico S.A. de C.V. is an insurance company dully incorporated under the Mexican law. The company is regulated by the Comisi n Nacional de Seguros y Fianzas (National Insurance and Bonds Commission). Management believes that the Company is in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations pertaining to its business and operations in Mexico. Everest Compa a de Seguros Generales Chile S.A. is an insurance company legally incorporated in Chile. Everest Chile is regulated by the Financial Market Commission ( CMF ) which oversees the entities and activities involved in the securities, insurance, banking and financial institutions markets in Chile. Management believes that the Company is in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations pertaining to its business and operations in Chile. Everest Compa a de Seguros Generales Colombia S.A. is an insurance company legally constituted in the Republic of Colombia, with an office in the city of Bogot , and is supervised and monitored by the Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia ( SFC ) Insurance Regulatory Authority in Colombia. Management believes that the Company is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations pertaining to its business and operations in Colombia. Licenses. Everest Re is a licensed property and casualty insurer and/or reinsurer in all states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Guam. Such licensing enables U.S. domestic ceding company clients to take credit for uncollateralized reinsurance receivables from Everest Re in their statutory financial statements. Everest Re is licensed as a property and casualty reinsurer in Canada. It is also authorized to conduct reinsurance business in India, Singapore and Brazil. Everest Re can also write reinsurance in other foreign countries. Because some jurisdictions require a reinsurer to register in order to be an acceptable market for local insurers, Everest Re is registered as a foreign insurer and/or reinsurer in the following countries: Bolivia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, India, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, the Philippines, Singapore and Venezuela. Everest National is licensed in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. Everest Indemnity is a Delaware domestic surplus lines insurer and is eligible to write insurance on a surplus lines basis in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. Everest Security converted from a Georgia corporation to a Delaware corporation effective August 1, 2023, and is licensed to write property and casualty insurance as an admitted insurance carrier in Delaware, Alabama, Georgia and Texas. 17 Table of Contents Everest Denali is licensed in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Everest Premier is licensed in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Bermuda Re and Everest International are registered as Class 4 insurers in Bermuda, and Bermuda Re is also registered as a long-term insurer in Bermuda. Bermuda Re is also registered as a certified reinsurer in New York and Delaware and is registered as a reciprocal reinsurer in Delaware, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Iowa, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina and Texas. Bermuda Re is also an authorized reinsurer in the U.K., registered as a reinsurer in China and is also an authorized insurer in Singapore. Everest Assurance is registered as a Class 3A general business insurer in Bermuda and a Class C long-term insurer in Bermuda. By virtue of its one-time election under section 953(d) of the U.S. IRC to be a U.S. income tax paying Controlled Foreign Corporation, Everest Assurance may operate in both the U.S. and Bermuda. Everest Assurance is also considered an approved/eligible alien surplus lines insurer in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. In addition, Everest Assurance can also write reinsurance in other foreign countries. Because some jurisdictions require a reinsurer to register in order to be an acceptable market for local insurers, Everest Assurance is registered as a foreign insurer and/or reinsurer in the following countries: Bolivia, Colombia, Chile, Ecuador, Guatemala, Mexico and Paraguay. Ireland Re is licensed to write property and casualty reinsurance for the European Union, European Economic Area and Swiss markets. Additionally, Ireland Re is registered as a reciprocal reinsurer in Delaware, Illinois and New York. Ireland Insurance is licensed to write insurance for the European Union, European Economic Area and U.K. markets. Ireland Insurance is also considered an approved/eligible alien surplus lines insurer in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. In addition, Ireland Insurance is registered as a foreign insurer in the following countries: Panama, Columbia, Chile and India. Everest Canada is licensed to write property and casualty insurance in Canada. Everest Compa ia de Seguros Generales Chile S.A. is an insurance corporation authorized by the general laws of Chile. Everest Compa ia de Seguros Generales Colombia S.A., a Colombia based insurance company and a direct subsidiary of Everest International, is licensed to write property and casualty insurance and reinsurance business within Colombia. Compa ia de Seguros Generales Everest Mexico S.A. de C.V., a Mexico based insurance company, is licensed to write property and casualty insurance and reinsurance business within Mexico. Periodic Examinations. Led by their states of domicile, U.S. insurance companies are subject to periodic financial examination of their affairs, usually every three to five years. U.S. insurance companies are also subject to examinations by the various state insurance departments where they are licensed concerning compliance with applicable conduct of business regulations. In addition, non-U.S. insurance companies and branches are subject to examination and review by regulators in their respective jurisdictions. In 2025, there were no reports of these examinations or reviews issued that contained any material findings or recommendations. NAIC Risk-Based Capital Requirements. The U.S. National Association of Insurance Commissioners ( NAIC ) has developed a formula to measure the statutory minimum amount of capital required for a property and casualty insurance company to support its overall business operations in light of its size and risk profile. The major categories of a company s risk profile are its asset risk, credit risk and underwriting risk. The standard is an effort to anticipate insolvencies. This allows regulators to take actions that could limit the impact of these insolvencies on policyholders. Under the approved formula, a company s adjusted statutory surplus (end of period surplus adjusted for items not currently applicable to the Everest companies) is compared to the Risk-Based Capital Model ( RBC ) developed by the NAIC. If this ratio is above a minimum threshold, no action is necessary. Below this threshold are four distinct action levels at which an insurer s domiciliary state regulator can intervene with increasing degrees of authority over an insurer as the ratio of adjusted surplus to RBC decreases. The mildest intervention requires an insurer to submit a plan of appropriate corrective actions. The most severe action requires an insurer to be rehabilitated or liquidated. 18 Table of Contents Based on their financial positions, as of December 31, 2025, Everest Re, Everest National, Everest Indemnity, Everest Security, Everest Denali and Everest Premier exceed the minimum RBC thresholds. Tax Matters. The following summary of the taxation of the Company is based on current law. There can be no assurance that legislative, judicial or administrative changes will not be enacted that might materially affect this summary. Bermuda. On December 27, 2023, the Government of Bermuda enacted the Corporate Income Tax Act 2023 (the 2023 Act ), which will apply a 15% corporate income tax to certain Bermuda businesses in fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2025. The 2023 Act includes a provision referred to as The Economic Transition Adjustment (the ETA ), which is intended to provide a fair and equitable transition into the new tax regime, and results in a deferred tax benefit for the Company. However, on January 15, 2025, the OECD issued guidance related to deferred tax assets arising from tax benefits provided by General Government restricting the utilization of those deferred tax benefits against the computation of its Pillar Two Global Minimum Taxes to approximately 20% of the originally calculated amounts and only for a grace period of two years through 2026. If the Bermuda Ministry of Finance amends the 2023 Act in response to this guidance, the exact impact of any such amendments is uncertain but there is a risk that it results in a reduction in the Company's Deferred Tax Assets. Under Bermuda law through 2024, no income, withholding or capital gains taxes are imposed upon Group and its Bermuda subsidiaries. Non-Bermuda branches of Bermuda subsidiaries are subject to local taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate. United States. The Group s U.S. subsidiaries conduct business and are subject to taxation in the United States. Non-U.S. branches of U.S. subsidiaries are subject to both local taxation in the jurisdictions in which they operate and U.S. corporate income tax but are generally relieved from double taxation through the application of foreign tax credits against their U.S. income tax liability. Should the U.S. subsidiaries distribute current or accumulated earnings and profits in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company would be subject to withholding taxes. The cumulative amount that would be subject to U.S. withholding tax, if distributed, is not practicable to compute. Group and its Bermuda subsidiaries believe that they have operated and will continue to operate their businesses in a manner that will not cause them to generate income treated as effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the U.S. On this basis, Group does not expect that it or its Bermuda subsidiaries will be required to pay U.S. corporate income taxes other than withholding taxes on certain investment income and premium excise taxes. If Group or its Bermuda subsidiaries were to become subject to U.S. income tax, there could be a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. On July 4, 2025, The One Big Beautiful Bill was signed into law. The One Big Beautiful Bill did not have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows upon enactment in 2025, and we do not expect it to have a material impact in the future; however, we will continue to evaluate the impact of The One Big Beautiful Bill. Other Countries. The Company does business in the following locations where it is subject to taxation by the local authorities: Australia, Belgium, Canada, Chile, Colombia, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Italy, Mexico, Netherlands, U.K., Singapore, Spain, and Switzerland. Available Information. The Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports are available free of charge through the Company s website at www.everestglobal.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the SEC. You may also access this information at the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). This site contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 19 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, results of operations and financial conditions are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. While we seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other SEC filings. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Should any of these risks materialize, actual results may differ materially from the disclosed information, the trading value of our securities could be negatively impacted and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. UNDERWRITING Our results could be adversely affected by catastrophic events. We are exposed to unpredictable catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, weather-related and other natural catastrophes, as well as acts of terrorism, wars, pandemics, political instability and significant cyber or operational incidents. The frequency and/or severity of some catastrophic events may be impacted in the future by the continued effects of climate change. Secondary perils, such as severe convective storms, may also become increasingly impactful. Climate change and resulting changes in global temperatures, weather patterns and sea levels may both increase the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes and the resulting losses in the future and impact our risk modeling assumptions. We cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions, if any, may have on our results, operations or our financial condition. Additionally, we cannot predict how legal, regulatory and/or social responses to concerns around global climate change and the resulting impact on various sectors of the economy may impact our business. Any material reduction in our operating results caused by the occurrence of one or more catastrophes could inhibit our ability to pay dividends or to meet our interest and principal payment obligations. By way of illustration, during the past five calendar years, pre-tax catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, were as follows: Calendar year: Pre-tax net catastrophe losses (Dollars in millions) 2025 $ 726 2024 755 2023 470 2022 1,055 2021 1,135 Our losses from future catastrophic events could exceed our projections. We use projections of possible losses from future catastrophic events of varying types and magnitudes as a strategic underwriting tool. We use these loss projections to estimate our potential catastrophe losses in certain geographic areas and decide on the placement of retrocessional coverage or other actions to limit the extent of potential losses in a given geographic area. These loss projections are estimates, reliant on a mix of quantitative and qualitative processes, and actual losses may exceed the projections by a material amount. Unfavorable loss development may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. We are required to maintain reserves to cover our ultimate liability of losses and LAE for both reported and unreported claims. These reserves are only estimates of what we believe the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost based on facts and circumstances known to us and incorporates actuarial and statistical analysis. Loss reserve estimates are reconsidered, as necessary, as experience develops and to reflect other changes in circumstances that may affect our estimate of ultimate loss, and this could potentially result in increases to our reserves. In setting reserves for our reinsurance liabilities, we rely on claims data supplied by our ceding companies and brokers, along with other data that may affect our estimate of ultimate loss and actuarial and statistical analysis to arrive at an estimate of ultimate liability for losses and LAE. The information received from our ceding companies is not always timely or accurate, which can contribute to inaccuracies in our loss projections. For the insurance and reinsurance businesses, ultimate losses may differ materially from our expectations at the time we underwrite the business. Because of the uncertainties that 20 Table of Contents surround our estimates of loss and LAE reserves, we cannot be certain that ultimate losses and LAE payments will not exceed the estimates we make at any given time. For example, for the year ended, December 31, 2025, the Company increased its loss reserves by $657 million, pre-tax and net of reinsurance, primarily driven by net unfavorable development on prior year reserves from elevated loss experience in excess casualty and U.S. liability lines primarily on accident years 2022-2024. Loss experience in these lines of business is very unpredictable and has been exacerbated by social inflation factors such as uncertain legal system outcomes, increased frequency of high-severity claims and third-party litigation funding. If our reserves are deficient in future periods, we may be required to increase loss reserves in the period in which such deficiencies are identified which would cause a charge to our earnings, a reduction of capital and could result in adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operation or liquidity. During the p