=== [ER] j-sainsbury-plc-preliminary-results-2526-statement.pdf ===
23 April 2026 Preliminary Results for the 52 weeks ended 28 February 2026 Consistently delivering for customers, colleagues, suppliers and shareholders Simon Roberts, Chief Executive of J Sainsbury plc, said: “More and more customers are choosing Sainsbury’s for more of their shopping, trusting us to deliver great value day in day out. The conflict in the Middle East means customers are even more focused on the cost of living and we are absolutely committed to making sure everyone gets the best possible value when they shop with us. “By staying relentlessly focused on the things that matter most - value, quality, availability and service – we have outperformed the market for the sixth year in a row. Rather than pass through the full extent of cost inflation, we invested to sustain the strength of our competitive position while also refreshing stores, improving digital experiences and increasing colleague pay by five per cent. “We offer the biggest Aldi Price Match in the market, with great prices on everyday essentials and even more value through Nectar Prices and personalised Your Nectar Prices. Alongside our standout fresh food offer and the growing strength of Taste the Difference, we are well placed to be first choice for more customers. “Long term partnerships with thousands of farmers and suppliers are key to delivering good food at great value. We have committed to invest more than £5 billion in British and Irish farming over the coming years, making our supply base more resilient at a time of increased challenges. “Our balanced choices reflect a consistent long-term approach to creating value for shareholders: strengthening our relationships with customers, colleagues and suppliers and building a stronger Sainsbury’s for the future. “We will do everything we can to support our customers and colleagues over the coming months, with absolute focus on keeping prices low. We have made a positive start to the new financial year, with continued strong Grocery momentum. “I would like to thank all our colleagues, farmers and suppliers for their brilliant commitment and hard work - it’s their dedication that makes such a difference for our customers every time they shop with us." Financial Highlights • Sainsbury’s FY sales (excluding fuel) £25.9bn, up 4.9%, Argos FY sales £4.1bn, up 0.7%, Fuel FY sales £3.6bn, down 8.2% • Grocery sales up 5.2%, with consistently strong volume growth and market share gains through the year • Retail underlying operating profit £1,025m, down 1.1%, reflecting significant operating cost inflation and investment in value in a more competitive market. Argos profits broadly in line with last year • Statutory profit after tax £393m, up 55.3%, primarily reflecting lower Financial Services discontinued operations losses and restructuring costs, with non-underlying items of £(115)m compared to £(251)m in the prior year • Retail free cash flow of £574m, up 8.1%, helped by strong working capital management • Underlying earnings per share up 3.2%, reflecting higher profit and lower average number of shares in issue as a result of our share buyback. Total basic earnings per share up 58.7% • Proposed full year dividend of 13.7 pence per share, up 0.7% Financial Summary Business performance Retail sales (excl. VAT, excl. fuel)1 Retail underlying operating profit Financial Services underlying operating profit2 Underlying profit before tax2 Underlying basic earnings per share2,3 Proposed full-year dividend per share Net debt (incl. lease liabilities)4 Non-lease net debt4 Return on capital employed Statutory performance Group revenue (excl. VAT, inc. fuel)2 Profit after tax2,3 o/w Continuing operations o/w Discontinued operations Total basic earnings per share3 Net cash generated from operating activities (continuing)2 FY 2025/26 FY 2024/25 YoY £29,992m £1,025m £0m £718m 22.3p 13.7p £(5,743)m £(203)m 8.9% £28,754m £1,036m £(22)m £709m 21.6p 13.6p £(5,758)m £(264)m 9.0% 4.3% (1.1)% 100.0% 1.3% 3.2% 0.7% £15m £61m (10)bps £33,647m £393m £414m £(21)m 17.3p £1,774m £32,772m £253m £421m £(168)m 10.9p £802m 2.7% 55.3% (1.7)% 87.5% 58.7% £972m 2026/27 Outlook We are in a strong competitive position after another year of good progress. We have made a positive start to the new financial year, with grocery volume growth ahead of the market. Argos trading continues to reflect a subdued general merchandise market. We will continue to make deliberate, balanced choices to sustain this strong competitive position in the year ahead and expect to continue to outperform the grocery market. The conflict in the Middle East will impact both our customers and our business. The duration and extent of these impacts is very uncertain and this is reflected in our profit guidance, where we currently expect to deliver Total underlying operating profit of between £975 million and £1,075 million. We continue to expect to deliver Retail free cash flow of more than £500 million. Capital Allocation • In line with our progressive dividend policy, we paid ordinary dividends totalling £316 million in the year and completed a core share buyback of £200 million • We additionally completed the disposal of our banking operations and returned £300 million of the net proceeds to shareholders through a £250 million special dividend and £50 million incremental share buyback • We will return an additional £100 million of the net proceeds this year alongside a core buyback of £200 million, amounting to a total share buyback of £300 million Strategic Highlights As part of the Next Level Sainsbury’s plan that we set out in February 2024, we made eight commitments: • • • • Food volume growth ahead of the market Customer satisfaction higher 26/27 vs 23/24 Colleague engagement higher 26/27 vs 23/24 Deliver our Plan for Better commitments Deliver profit leverage from sales growth £1bn of cost savings over three years to 26/27 £1.6bn+ Retail free cash flow over three years to 26/27 Higher return on capital employed • • • • Reflecting on our progress two years into the plan, our balanced choices helped us make good progress against these commitments. We’ve invested to support our customers, our colleagues, our farmers and our suppliers and we have sustained our strong competitive position in an intensely competitive market5. More customers are trusting us to deliver our winning combination of value, quality, availability and service. As a result, we have delivered food volume growth ahead of the market for the sixth con

=== [ER] j-sainsbury-plc-q3-2526-trading-statement.pdf ===
9 January 2026 Third Quarter Trading Statement for the 16 weeks to 3 January 2026 I nvestment in customer offer delivers significant Christmas market share gains Simon Roberts, Chief Executive of J Sainsbury plc, said: “We have won grocery market share for thesixth consecutive Christmas period, again delivering our winning combination of value, quality, service and availability for customers.When we strengthened our profit guidance in November, we said we planned to invest in the strength of our competitive position through the most important trading period of the year. We expected the market to become more competitive with customers spending more carefully and we invested in balanced choices to offer great value for money, outstanding quality and innovation and leading customer service and availability , both in store and online. “More customers switched to Sainsbury’s,trusting us for both great value essentials and premium Taste the Difference products in their big Christmas shop and we werethe only major grocer to grow items in the basket. We gave customers great value on a bigger range of products this year and more customers benefited from personalised Your Nectar Prices, available to every supermarket shopper for the first time. Fresh food sales grew by 8% andTaste the Difference was the fastest growing Premium Own Label brand in the market, with our best ever ranges of Christmas innovation driving Taste the DifferenceFresh sales growth of 15%. “My huge thanks go to all of our colleagues and suppliers – the strength of our availability, customer service and operational performance stood us apart in delivering our biggest ever Christmas. The entire team’s hard work, care and commitment meant we were therefor customers when it mattered most. We have real confidence in our momentum as we head into the final quarter and remain focused on helping our customers get great value for money and delivering for all our stakeholders.” Q3 - 16 weeks to 3 January 2026 Christmas – 6 weeks to 3 January 2026 Sainsbury’s 4.9% 4.6% Grocery 5.4% 5.1% General Merchandise + Clothing (1.1)% (1.0)% Argos (1.0)% (2.2)% Total Retail (exc. fuel) 3.9% 3.3% Like-for-like sales (exc. fuel) 3.4% Sales Performance (YoY) 2025/26Outlook We have made balanced choices to invest and sustain the strength of our competitive position through the most important trading period of the year. These investments in value, quality and service ha ve delivered further strong grocery trading momentum and market share gains and, despite weaker general merchandisemarket conditions, we continue to expect to deliver Retail underlying operating profit of more than £1 billion. We now expect to deliver Retail free cash flow of more than £550 million (previous guidance: more than £500 million), reflecting strong working capital performance. We continue to expect to return more than £800 million of cash to shareholders thisfinancial year through ordinary dividends, a £250 million special dividend and a £250 million share buyback. Strategic Highlights First choice for food : The continued strength of our performance over the third quarter is a result of the investments we have made in the first two years of our Next Level plan. Through strengthening our operations and technology, investing in our stores, building stronger relationships with supplier partners and making balanced choices to invest in the areas that matter most to customers , we are delivering a winning combination of value, quality, availability and service. • The consistent strength of our value proposition throughthe combination of Aldi Price Match, Nectar Prices and personalised Your Nectar Prices is really resonating with customers, driving higher loyalty and bigger trolley shops 1. This was particularly evident during the peak Christmas week, when we sold 20 per cent more turkeys than last year as more customers chose Sainsbury’s for their big Christmas shop 2 • Our Fresh food quality and innovation set us apart. Fresh food sales increased 8 per cent during the quarter. Building on high growth last year, Taste the Difference Fresh food sales grew 15 per cent andTaste the Difference was the fastest growing Premium Own Label in the market3. We launched more than 260 new Taste the Difference products during the quarter,with customers particularly enjoying Mini Wagyu Cheeseburgers and Crispy Chicken Bao Buns in our Taste the Difference Party Food range as well as our Cherry & Amaretto Panettone andChocolate and Caramelised Biscuit Polar Peak festive desserts 1 • • • • • • Our strong operational performance ensured that wewere well-placed to deliver for customers however they wanted to shop with us, driving higher customer satisfaction scores across Supermarkets, Convenience and Online4 Groceries Online5 sales increased 14 per cent over the quarter, witha significant contribution from OnDemand sales growth, a strong increase in Groceries Online orders and basket size and a big step forward in customer satisfaction in Groceries Online availabilit y 6 We achieved a record-breaking performance in Convenience, with particularly strong growth in Fresh categories as customers shopped with us for last minute-purchases and essentials on Christmas Eve, Boxing Day and New Year’s Eve The investments we are making to grow our food footprint through new store openings and space reallocation are bringing a wider range of food products to customers in key locations and are contributing to overall market share gains Despite softer demand and milder weather, Tu clothing achieved a strong performance within a weak market and delivered an exceptional performance in Christmas categories, including record sales of Christmas pyjamas. Our volume growth outperformed the clothing market by 10 percentage points7, reflecting a step up in style and quality perceptions8 and improved availability both in-store and online We believe everyone should have access to good food andwe are helping tackle food insecurity across the UK through our Nourish the Nation programme with Comic Relief. This quarter, we launched our Meals Make Memories campaign and supported the Department for Education’s free breakfast club programme as well as raising over £3.9m for Comic Relief during the festive period. This includes donating every penny from the sales of by Sainsbury’s and Free From classic mince pies in December to provide over 5 million meals to families this Winter Loyalty everyone loves: Our personalised, r

=== [ES] j-sainsbury-plc-preliminary-results-2526-transcript.pdf ===
J Sainsbury plc Preliminary Results 2025/26 23 April 2026 Presentation Simon Roberts Chief Executive Officer [Video playing] Good morning and welcome to our 25/26 Preliminary Results Presentation. Thank you for joining us today. I'm going to start with an introduction before handing over to Bláthnaid who will cover the financials. I'll then share more detail on the progress we've made during the second year of our Next Level strategy and our key priorities as we look ahead. Now, over the last five years you've heard me talk time and time again about our approach to making deliberate, balanced choices to support all of our stakeholders. I'm really pleased with the further strategic and operational progress we've made. Central to our strong momentum and consistent delivery is our relentless focus on delivering our winning combination of value, quality, availability and service for our customers. We've made focused investments in keeping prices low on the items people buy most often, in strengthening our food offer with leading quality and innovation, in making more of our food range available in more locations and in delivering leading customer service and a big step on in availability. As a result of the investments and choices we've made, we have sustained our strong competitive position, again, growing market share and more and more customers are trusting us as their first choice for food. At the same time, we have maximised the clear opportunity we have to invest ahead of others. We are refreshing our stores, investing in technology, AI and automation, improving digital experience with greater personalisation, committing to long-term supplier partnerships and building resilience and driving efficiency in our operations. All these are underpinned by the strength of our cost-saving programme. These investments reflect our long-term approach, strengthening our relationship with customers, colleagues, farmers and suppliers, building a business with the capabilities needed to win in this market both now and in the future. As you know, customer satisfaction is the key measure that we look at each and every day to evaluate that we are making the right choices for our customers and our business. We continue to lead against all our full-choice competitors with strong improvement across key metrics and this is particularly notable in a year which has been characterised by continuing cost of living pressures and significant externally driven cost inflation. This level of customer satisfaction truly demonstrates the hard work and commitment of our entire team in consistently delivering for our customers and I want to take a moment to thank all my colleagues for their hard work, dedication and care. Our team have done such a fantastic job this year as they've stepped up again to really deliver for our customers and support each other. As more and more customers are choosing us each week for their big trolley shop, we are growing our loyal customer base with 1.2 million more primary customers than when we began our Food First plan five years ago. This is the key measure of our success and it's what's given us the confidence to invest in growing our food footprint, rebalancing space Preliminary Results 2025/26 – 23 April 2026 Page 1 towards fresh food in existing stores and opening new stores in key target locations to bring the best of our ever stronger proposition to more people in more places. When we look at what this strong performance means for our position in the market, we have achieved our highest volume share in 10 years, having delivered food volume growth ahead of the market for the sixth consecutive year. Now this data is consistent with how we've presented food volume market share over recent years. However, one point which is important to call out here, when we look across the different volume and market measures available to us, we know that this view understates the actual volume share progress we've made over the last year. By any other measure, including our own internal volume growth numbers, we grew market share just as much this year as we did last year. As you know, volume growth versus the market is a key measure for us and hence this is something we're discussing with Worldpanel. To give you some further sense of this, the orange bars here are our actual grocery volume growth through the four quarters of last year and the purple line is Worldpanel's measure of the rest of the industry's volume growth. This shows our volume out performance extending over the course of the year and perhaps most importantly, our volume growth holding up strongly as the industry tailed off. What really distinguishes our performance in the second half of the year is that as the volume performance of the industry weakened, our increase in big trolley customers enabled us to deliver growth in average items per basket, while it remained in decline for almost all of our competitors. Back in November 2020, when we set out our priority to put food back at the heart of Sainsbury's and to start winning in food, I said to you that at its very core, this would mean better value and range at the centre of the plate. Meat, fish, poultry and produce, these everyday essential items that matter most to our customers are when the consistency of our investment in great value has truly resonated. Winning the centre of the plate has enabled us to win the whole shop with many more customers. We are known for our standout reputation in fresh food and for our leading quality and innovation. By giving customers the confidence that they can also trust us for reliable value, we are outperforming the strongest growing part of the market across fresh food categories. With our fresh food volume performance almost five times ahead of the rest of the market and we achieved fresh food sales growth at 8% in the year. Now, as we look ahead, we believe our strength in fresh food is going to continue to be a key differentiator. We are passionate about supporting our customers in adopting a sustainable, balanced diet in line with the Eatwell Guide and we already outperform all of our significant competitors when it comes to healthy sales by volume. So as customers increasingly look for healthier, less processed options and are seeking higher fibre foods that can also help diversify their protein intake, we believe we are well placed to deliver. We are truly committed to help everyone enjoy good food, which is easy, afforda