=== [ER] j-sainsbury-plc-preliminary-results-2526-statement.pdf ===
23 April 2026 Preliminary Results for the 52 weeks ended 28 February 2026 Consistently delivering for customers, colleagues, suppliers and shareholders Simon Roberts, Chief Executive of J Sainsbury plc, said: “More and more customers are choosing Sainsbury’s for more of their shopping, trusting us to deliver great value day in day out. The conflict in the Middle East means customers are even more focused on the cost of living and we are absolutely committed to making sure everyone gets the best possible value when they shop with us. “By staying relentlessly focused on the things that matter most - value, quality, availability and service – we have outperformed the market for the sixth year in a row. Rather than pass through the full extent of cost inflation, we invested to sustain the strength of our competitive position while also refreshing stores, improving digital experiences and increasing colleague pay by five per cent. “We offer the biggest Aldi Price Match in the market, with great prices on everyday essentials and even more value through Nectar Prices and personalised Your Nectar Prices. Alongside our standout fresh food offer and the growing strength of Taste the Difference, we are well placed to be first choice for more customers. “Long term partnerships with thousands of farmers and suppliers are key to delivering good food at great value. We have committed to invest more than £5 billion in British and Irish farming over the coming years, making our supply base more resilient at a time of increased challenges. “Our balanced choices reflect a consistent long-term approach to creating value for shareholders: strengthening our relationships with customers, colleagues and suppliers and building a stronger Sainsbury’s for the future. “We will do everything we can to support our customers and colleagues over the coming months, with absolute focus on keeping prices low. We have made a positive start to the new financial year, with continued strong Grocery momentum. “I would like to thank all our colleagues, farmers and suppliers for their brilliant commitment and hard work - it’s their dedication that makes such a difference for our customers every time they shop with us." Financial Highlights • Sainsbury’s FY sales (excluding fuel) £25.9bn, up 4.9%, Argos FY sales £4.1bn, up 0.7%, Fuel FY sales £3.6bn, down 8.2% • Grocery sales up 5.2%, with consistently strong volume growth and market share gains through the year • Retail underlying operating profit

=== [ER] j-sainsbury-plc-q3-2526-trading-statement.pdf ===
9 January 2026 Third Quarter Trading Statement for the 16 weeks to 3 January 2026 I nvestment in customer offer delivers significant Christmas market share gains Simon Roberts, Chief Executive of J Sainsbury plc, said: “We have won grocery market share for thesixth consecutive Christmas period, again delivering our winning combination of value, quality, service and availability for customers.When we strengthened our profit guidance in November, we said we planned to invest in the strength of our competitive position through the most important trading period of the year. We expected the market to become more competitive with customers spending more carefully and we invested in balanced choices to offer great value for money, outstanding quality and innovation and leading customer service and availability , both in store and online. “More customers switched to Sainsbury’s,trusting us for both great value essentials and premium Taste the Difference products in their big Christmas shop and we werethe only major grocer to grow items in the basket. We gave customers great value on a bigger range of products this year and more customers benefited from personalised Your Nectar Prices, available to every supermarket shopper for the first time. Fresh food sales grew by 8% andTaste the Difference was the fastest growing Premium Own Label brand in the market, with our best ever ranges of Christmas innovation driving Taste the DifferenceFresh sales growth of 15%. “My huge thanks go to all of our colleagues and suppliers – the strength of our availability, customer service and operational performance stood us apart in delivering our biggest ever Christmas. The entire team’s hard work, care and commitment meant we were therefor customers when it mattered most. We have real confidence in our momentum as we head into the final quarter and remain focused on helping our customers get great value for money and delivering for all our stakeholders.” Q3 - 16 weeks to 3 January 2026 Christmas – 6 weeks to 3 January 2026 Sainsbury’s 4.9% 4.6% Grocery 5.4% 5.1% General Merchandise + Clothing (1.1)% (1.0)% Argos (1.0)% (2.2)% Total Retail (exc. fuel) 3.9% 3.3% Like-for-like sales (exc. fuel) 3.4% Sales Performance (YoY) 2025/26Outlook We have made balanced choices to invest and sustain the strength of our competitive position through the most important trading period of the year. These investments in value, quality and service ha ve delivered further strong grocery trading momentum 

=== [ES] j-sainsbury-plc-preliminary-results-2526-transcript.pdf ===
J Sainsbury plc Preliminary Results 2025/26 23 April 2026 Presentation Simon Roberts Chief Executive Officer [Video playing] Good morning and welcome to our 25/26 Preliminary Results Presentation. Thank you for joining us today. I'm going to start with an introduction before handing over to Bláthnaid who will cover the financials. I'll then share more detail on the progress we've made during the second year of our Next Level strategy and our key priorities as we look ahead. Now, over the last five years you've heard me talk time and time again about our approach to making deliberate, balanced choices to support all of our stakeholders. I'm really pleased with the further strategic and operational progress we've made. Central to our strong momentum and consistent delivery is our relentless focus on delivering our winning combination of value, quality, availability and service for our customers. We've made focused investments in keeping prices low on the items people buy most often, in strengthening our food offer with leading quality and innovation, in making more of our food range available in more locations and in delivering leading customer service and a big step on in availability. As a result of the investments and choices we've made, we have sustained our strong competitive position, again, growing market share and more and more customers are trusting us as their first choice for food. At the same time, we have maximised the clear opportunity we have to invest ahead of others. We are refreshing our stores, investing in technology, AI and automation, improving digital experience with greater personalisation, committing to long-term supplier partnerships and building resilience and driving efficiency in our operations. All these are underpinned by the strength of our cost-saving programme. These investments reflect our long-term approach, strengthening our relationship with customers, colleagues, farmers and suppliers, building a business with the capabilities needed to win in this market both now and in the future. As you know, customer satisfaction is the key measure that we look at each and every day to evaluate that we are making the right choices for our customers and our business. We continue to lead against all our full-choice competitors with strong improvement across key metrics and this is particularly notable in a year which has been characterised by continuing cost of living pressures and significant externally driven cost inflation. This le