=== WTW_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These statements are based on assumptions that may not come true and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of these assumptions, and therefore also the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions, could themselves prove to be inaccurate. Given the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our inclusion of this information is not a representation or guarantee by us that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made and we will not update these forward-looking statements unless the securities laws require us to do so. With regard to these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this document may not occur, and we caution you against unduly relying on these forward-looking statements. 2 PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS The Company WTW is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that provides data-driven, insight-led solutions in the areas of people, risk and capital. Utilizing the global view and local expertise of our approximately 47,000 colleagues serving more than 140 countries and markets, we help organizations sharpen strategies, enhance resilience, motivate workforces and maximize performance. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Working closely with our clients, we uncover opportunities for sustainable success. Our clients operate on a global and local scale in a multitude of businesses and industries throughout the world and generally range in size from large, major multinational corporations to middle-market domestic and international companies. Our clients include many of the world s leading corporations, including approximately 93% of the FTSE 100, 89% of the Fortune 1000, and 92% of the Fortune Global 500 companies. We also advise the majority of the world s leading insurance companies. We work with major corporations, emerging growth companies, governmental agencies and not-for-profit institutions in a wide variety of industries, with many of our client relationships spanning decades. None of the Company s clients individually represented more than 10% of its consolidated revenue for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. We place insurance with approximately 2,500 insurance carriers, none of which individually accounted for a significant concentration of the total premiums we placed on behalf of our clients in 2025, 2024 or 2023. Available Information The Company files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information that issuers (including WTW) file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website is www.sec.gov. The Company makes available, free of charge through our website, www.wtwco.com, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our proxy statement, current reports on Form 8-K and Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed on behalf of directors and Section 16 officers, as well as any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ) as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Unless specifically incorporated by reference, information on our website is not a part of this Form 10-K. The Company s Memorandum and Articles of Association, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Audit Committee Charter, Risk and Operational Oversight Committee Charter, Human Capital and Compensation Committee Charter, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter are available on our website, www.wtwco.com, in the Investor Relations section, or upon request. Requests for copies of these documents should be directed in writing to the Company Secretary c/o Office of General Counsel, Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company, Brookfield Place, 200 Liberty Street, New York, NY 10281. General Information WTW offers its clients a broad range of services and solutions designed to help them identify and control risks, while also enhancing business performance by improving their ability to attract, retain and engage a talented workforce. Our risk control services span from strategic risk consulting, including actuarial analysis and various due diligence services, to practical on-site support such as health and safety or property loss control consulting, alongside analytical and advisory services like hazard modeling and climate risk quantification. We also assist clients in planning for and managing incidents or crises through services like contingency planning, security audits and product tampering plans. To further enhance business performance, we deliver consulting services, technology and solutions that help clients anticipate, identify and capitalize on emerging opportunities in human capital management, as well as offer investment guidance to help them develop disciplined and efficient strategies to meet their financial goals. As an insurance broker, we act as an intermediary between our clients and insurance carriers by advising our clients on their risk management requirements, helping them to determine the best means of managing risk and negotiating and placing insurance with insurance carriers through our global distribution network. We operate a private Medicare marketplace in the U.S. through which, along with our active employee marketplace, we help our clients move to a more sustainable economic model by capping and controlling the costs associated with healthcare benefits. We are not an insurance company, and therefore we do not underwrite insurable risks for our own account. We help sharpen strategies, enhance organizational resilience, motivate workforces and maximize performance to uncover opportunities for sustainable success. 3 We derive the majority of our revenue from either commissions or fees for brokerage or from consulting services. We do not determine the insurance premiums on which our commissions are generally based. Commission levels generally follow the same trend as premium levels as they are derived from a percentage of the premiums paid by the insureds. Fluctuations in these premiums charged by the insurance carriers can therefore have a direct and potentially material impact on our results of operations. Our fees for consulting services are spread across a variety of complementary businesses that generally remain steady during times of uncertainty. We have some businesses, such as our health and benefits and administration businesses, which can be counter cyclical during the early period of a significant economic change. Business Strategy We believe that a unified and integrated approach to advisory, broking and solutions can be a path to growth for organizations around the world. We harness our collective power as One WTW to make smart connections to serve and support our clients. We operate in attractive markets both growing and mature with a diversified platform across industries, segments and businesses globally. Our strategy is focused on extending and amplifying WTW s strengths to deliver sustainable growth and profitability. We believe we can achieve this through executing on three strategic objectives: Accelerate performance : By executing on the segment growth strategies to strengthen business fundamentals, advance innovative solutions and capitalize on our global footprint. Enhance efficiency : By having a continuous improvement mindset, delivering operating leverage in our segments and leveraging WTW Enterprise Delivery Organization (WE DO) to focus on right work, right place, right tools and real estate optimization. Optimize portfolio : By intentionally managing our portfolio through inorganic and organic investment in areas of strength and deepen our large and high-growth businesses with strategic investments in corporate risk and broking, health and benefits and wealth. Also, by divesting businesses that are no longer a strategic fit or do not align with our desired financial profile. These objectives are enabled by a focused investment framework and capital allocation strategy. Through this strategy, we aim to grow revenue, improve margins and increase free cash flow, EBITDA and earnings. In turn, we ll be able to fulfill our shared company purpose: We transform tomorrows. We care as much about how we work as we do about the impact that we make. This means commitment to our shared purpose and values, a foundational framework that guides how we run our business and serve our clients. Our values of client focus, teamwork, integrity, respect and excellence underpin all that we do, and how we behave and interact with each other, our clients and our partners. For more information about risks to our strategic plans, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Principal Services We manage our business across two integrated reportable operating segments: Health, Wealth Career and Risk Broking. Below are the percentages of revenue generated by each segment for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Health, Wealth Career 55 % 59 % 60 % Risk Broking 45 % 41 % 40 % The following presents descriptions of our segments: Health, Wealth Career The Health, Wealth Career ( HWC ) segment provides an array of advice, broking, solutions and technology for employee benefit plans, institutional investors, compensation and career programs, and the employee experience overall. Our portfolio of services support the interrelated challenges that the management teams of our clients face across human resources ( HR ) and finance. HWC is the larger of the two segments of the Company. Addressing four key areas, Health, Wealth, Career and Benefits Delivery Outsourcing, the segment is focused on addressing our clients people and risk needs to help them succeed in a global marketplace. 4 Health The Health Benefits ( H B ) business provides strategy and design consulting, plan management service and support, broking and administration across the full spectrum of health, wellbeing and other group benefit programs, including medical, dental, disability, life, voluntary benefits and other coverage. Our reach extends from small/mid-market clients to large-market and multinational clients, across the full geographic footprint of the Company, and to most industries. We can address our clients needs in more than 160 countries. Our colleagues help clients make strategic decisions on topics such as optimizing program spend; evaluating emerging vendors, point solutions and coverage options (including publicly-subsidized health insurance exchanges and private exchanges in the U.S.); and dealing with above-inflation-rate increases in healthcare costs. We also assist clients in selecting the appropriate insurance carriers to cover benefit risks and administer the programs. In addition to our consulting and broking services, we manage a number of collective purchasing initiatives, such as pharmacy and stop-loss, that allow employers to realize greater value from third-party service providers than they can achieve on their own. With Global Benefits Management, our suite of global services supporting medical, dental and risk (e.g., life, disability) programs, we have a tailored offering for multinationals. This offering includes a flexible set of ready-made solutions, proven technology and an integrated approach to service delivery that translates to a globally consistent, high-quality experience for our clients. A meaningful portion of revenue in this business is from recurring work, though contracts may be annual or multi-year. Given the balance of revenue across consulting, broking and solutions, our revenue is somewhat weighted to the first half of the year. Wealth Our wealth-related businesses include Retirement and Investments. Retirement Our Retirement business provides actuarial support, plan design, and administrative services for all forms of pension and retirement savings plans. Our colleagues help clients assess the costs and risks of retirement plans on cash flow, earnings and the balance sheet, the effects of changing workforce demographics on their retirement plans, and retiree benefit adequacy and security. We offer clients a full range of integrated retirement consulting services and solutions to meet the needs of all types of employers. We help multinationals coordinate plan design and actuarial services across their complex global plans. We bring in-depth data analysis and perspective to their decision-making process as we have tracked the retirement designs and financing strategies of companies around the world over many decades. For clients that want to outsource some or all of their pension plan management, we offer broking services as well as integrated solutions that can combine investment discretionary management, pension administration, core actuarial services, and communication and change management assistance. Retirement relationships are generally long-term in nature, and client retention rates for this business are high. A significant portion of the revenue in this business is from recurring work, with multi-year contracts that are driven by the heavily regulated nature of pension plans and our clients annual needs for these services. Investments Our Investments business provides advice and discretionary investment management solutions to defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as well as to a range of other client types including insurers, endowments and foundations, and private wealth investors. We provide a solution to a significant business problem faced by our clients, namely sustaining the resources and skills required to deliver a financial services product in highly competitive capital markets. We offer a flexible approach that adapts to a wide range of client needs and circumstances, with the objective of higher returns, lower risk and lower costs within each client s unique situation. Our solutions range from single asset class activity, through complete management of entire pension plan assets including sophisticated liability hedging programs as well as pooled employer plans/Master Trust under our LifeSight branding. We bring together a broad array of specialist investment knowledge and skills across all asset classes, a high-quality execution platform, a cost advantage through our scale, and expert advisors with experience across all client types from the largest plans in the world to small corporate pension plans. We have long-term relationships with our Investments clients, with the majority of our revenue driven by retainer contracts. Career Our career-related offerings include advice, data, software and products to address clients total rewards and talent issues across the globe delivered through our Work Rewards and Employee Experience businesses. 5 Work Rewards Within our Work Rewards business, we help clients determine the best ways to get work done, the skills needed for jobs, and how to reward employees. We address executive compensation and broad-based rewards. We advise our clients management and boards of directors on all aspects of executive pay programs, including base pay, annual bonuses, long-term incentives, perquisites and other benefits. Our focus is on aligning pay plans with an organization s business strategy and driving desired performance. Our solutions incorporate proprietary market benchmarking data and software to support compensation administration. Employee Experience Our Employee Experience business focuses on the provision of solutions including employee insight and listening tools, a technology platform that serves as a gateway for employees and plan participants to access their benefits and career information, communication and change management services. Revenue for our career-related businesses is partly seasonal in nature, with heightened activity in the second half of the calendar year during the annual compensation, benefits and survey cycles. While these businesses enjoy long-term relationships with many clients, work in some parts of the businesses is project-based and can be sensitive to economic changes. We are increasingly adding tech-enabled solutions to our offerings across HWC, and in particular in Career. The businesses benefit from regulatory changes affecting our clients that require strategic advice, program changes and communication, the redefinition of jobs, work location and career paths as technology disaggregates work, and the recalibration of pay and the employee experience amidst shifting labor markets. Benefits Delivery Outsourcing Our Benefits Delivery Outsourcing businesses include Individual Marketplace and Global Outsourcing. Individual Marketplace Individual Marketplace offers decision support processes and tools to connect consumers with insurance carriers in private individual and Medicare markets. By leveraging multiple distribution channels and a diverse product portfolio, Individual Marketplace offers solutions to a broad consumer base, helping individuals compare, purchase and use health insurance products, tools and information. Individual Marketplace also provides Benefits Accounts to employees and retirees. These are tax-advantaged medical spending and savings accounts including health savings accounts ( HSA ), health reimbursement accounts ( HRA ) and flexible spending accounts ( FSA ), such as dependent care/commuting flexible spending accounts. Global Outsourcing Global Outsourcing administers the health, welfare and retirement plans of clients using our proprietary technology for benefit modeling, decision support, enrollment and benefit choice, records management and self-service. Drawing on expertise in H B and Retirement to create high-performing benefit plan designs, we believe we are well-positioned to help clients of all sizes simplify their benefits delivery, while lowering the total costs of benefits and related administration. Our technology also provides trustees and HR teams with timely management information to monitor activity and service levels and reduce administration costs. With ongoing servicing requirements and multi-year contracts in place, we have high client retention rates. We provide plan administration services in North America, the U.K., Ireland and Germany. A significant portion of the revenue in Benefits Delivery Outsourcing is recurring in nature, driven by either the commissions from the policies we sell, or from long-term service contracts with our clients that typically range from three to five years. Revenue across this business is seasonal and is generally higher in the fourth quarter as it is driven when typical annual enrollment activity occurs. Risk Broking The Risk Broking ( R B ) segment provides a broad range of risk advice, insurance brokerage and consulting services to clients globally, ranging from small businesses to multinational corporations. The segment comprises two primary businesses: our Corporate Risk Broking and our Insurance Consulting and Technology businesses. Corporate Risk Broking ( CRB ) The CRB business places more than $34 billion of premiums into the insurance markets on an annual basis and delivers integrated global solutions tailored to client needs. This is underpinned by data and analytics through a balanced matrix of global lines of business and local Property and Casualty businesses, across four geographical areas: North America, Great Britain, Western Europe and International. Globally, and across the businesses, our specialized and data-driven approach is underpinned by our risk analytics and climate analytics propositions. Across all businesses, our experts take an industry-focused approach to risk management and assessment, delivering broader perspectives and data-informed decision making to our clients. Our lines of business include Property and Casualty, Affinity, Risk Analytics and our specialty global lines of business. 6 Property and Casualty Property and Casualty, in each of our geographical areas, provides property and liability insurance brokerage services across a wide range of industries and segments including real estate, healthcare and retail. Affinity Through Affinity, we arrange insurance products and services for our affinity client partners to offer to their customers, employees, or members alongside, or in addition to, their principal business offerings. Risk Analytics ( R A ) Our R A offering includes deep expertise on specific client needs. Through the use of holistic analysis, R A brings value through risk quantification and development of a robust portfolio risk strategy, ultimately delivering a sound financial approach to all clients. Our specialty global lines of business include: Aerospace Aerospace provides specialist expertise to the aerospace and space industries. Our aerospace business provides insurance broking, risk management services, contractual and technical advisory expertise to aerospace clients globally, including the world s leading airlines, aircraft manufacturers, air cargo handlers and other airport and general aviation companies. The specialist InSpace team is also prominent in providing insurance and risk management services to the space industry. Construction Our Construction business provides services that include insurance broking, claims, loss control and specialized risk advice for a wide range of construction projects and activities. Clients include contractors, project owners, public entities, project managers, consultants and financiers, among others. Global Markets Direct Facultative Operating in the major wholesale reinsurance hubs across the globe, including London, Bermuda, Singapore, Hong Kong and Shanghai, solutions are delivered both directly to clients for the most complex property and casualty risks and as facultative reinsurance placements where we serve as an intermediary for insurance companies. Facultative solutions are provided across various classes of risk for our insurer clients, some of which may also be direct clients of WTW. The aim is to deliver optimum results for our clients by getting the right risk to the right market by the right broker, be it local, wholesale or facultative every time. Financial, Executive and Professional Risks ( FINEX ) FINEX encompasses all financial and executive risks, delivering client solutions that range from management and professional liability, employment practices liability, crime, cyber and M A-related insurances to risk consulting and advisory services. Specialist teams provide risk consulting and risk transfer solutions to a broad spectrum of clients across a multitude of industries, as well as the financial and professional service sectors. Credit Risk Solutions (formerly known as Financial Solutions) Credit Risk Solutions provides insurance broking services and specialized risk advice related to credit and political risk. Clients include international banks, commodity traders, export credit agencies and multinational corporations . Crisis Management Our global practice delivers crisis management and contingency risk management to multinational clients, providing comprehensive solutions around terrorism, political violence, accident and health, special crime and active assailant. Surety The Global Surety team provides expertise in placing bonds across all industries and around the globe. A surety bond is a financial instrument that guarantees contractual performance, statutory compliance, and financial assurance for domestic and international companies. Marine Marine provides specialist expertise to the maritime and logistics industries. Our Marine business provides insurance broking services related to hull and machinery, cargo, protection and indemnity, fine art and general marine liabilities, among others. Our Marine clients include, but are not limited to, ship owners and operators, shipbuilders, logistics operations, port authorities, traders, shippers, exhibitors and secure transport companies. Natural Resources Our Natural Resources practice encompasses the oil, gas and chemicals, mining and metals, power and utilities and renewable energy sectors. It provides sector-specific risk transfer solutions and insights, which include insurance broking, risk engineering, contractual reviews, wording analysis and claims management. Insurance Consulting and Technology ( ICT ) ICT is a global business that provides advice and technology solutions to the insurance industry. We leverage our industry experience, strategic perspective and analytical skills to help clients measure and manage risk and capital, improve business performance and create a sustainable competitive advantage. Our services include software and technology, risk and capital management, products and product pricing, financial and regulatory reporting, financial and capital modeling, M A, outsourcing and business management. 7 Human Capital Colleague experience Our colleague experience is an important differentiating factor for WTW and a key enabler of our strategy. It is designed to provide colleagues with a strong sense of purpose and belonging where everyone is heard and valued, the opportunity to build great connections with people and leaders, meaningful and interesting work , and opportunities to grow and thrive with recognition and reward in return. This means we strive to foster an inclusive environment where everyone can be their authentic self, where we encourage curiosity, innovation and a continuous improvement mindset and an environment where we are bold in our thinking and care about the impact we have. Our values, vision, purpose, and Colleague Value Proposition ( CVP ) we re Authentic, Curious and Bold, sets the tone for what to expect at WTW. In addition, our strategic priorities enhance our focus on how to support and improve our colleague experience. We continually build on our CVP through execution of a colleague experience roadmap and a robust portfolio of colleague listening activities to attract, engage and retain the most accomplished and aspiring talent. Learning development We support professional development and personal growth for our talent. Our colleagues take responsibility to develop their expertise, competencies and professional stature, while the Company invests in the tools and opportunities that allow for our colleagues continual development. Our digital-first learning approach enables career development for all our colleagues around the world, complemented by business-specific and technical training. Additionally, we offer targeted development programs for early careers, emerging leaders, managers and experienced leaders. Colleagues Our success depends on our ability to bring to our clients the most accomplished and aspiring talent in the industry. We provide our colleagues with meaningful long-term careers across our base of full-time (the majority), part-time and seasonal/temporary colleagues to meet the specific needs of our various businesses. The number of colleagues by segment as of December 31, 2025 is approximated below: December 31, 2025 Health, Wealth Career 23,100 Risk Broking 16,800 Corporate and Other 7,000 Total Colleagues 46,900 The number of colleagues by geography as of December 31, 2025 is approximated below: December 31, 2025 North America 12,300 Europe 15,300 International 19,300 Total Colleagues 46,900 Voluntary turnover (rolling 12-month attrition) has remained well within target range throughout 2025 (9.8% compared to 10.1% in 2024; for comparative purposes, the prior-year figure has been adjusted for a change in methodology for the seasonal colleague exclusion). Hiring With turnover remaining within target range, business areas are primarily focusing on targeted hiring campaigns for mid-senior level hires to support growth, future succession planning and/or as part of their location strategy. Hiring into the Early Careers programs remained relatively stable and consistent with 2024. The focus remains on building pipelines of high caliber talent through enhanced employer branding and attraction. Hires exceeded 6,700, a decrease of 4% as compared to 2024 (for comparative purposes, the prior-year figure has been adjusted for a change in methodology for the seasonal colleague exclusion) primarily attributable to a volume of colleagues with effective start dates in 2026. We continue to have a strong rate of alumni returning to WTW, with rehires representing 7% of total hires in both 2025 and 2024. Our continued focus for 2026 will be to increase our global investment in talent across sales and client-facing colleagues. 8 Inclusion and Diversity ( I D ) Our people strategy guides our actions to make WTW a destination employer for top talent. Our approach to building and sustaining an inclusive and high-performing culture includes a priority focus on: Attraction and Retention Growing the pipeline for talent with a broad range of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. Development and Promotion Supporting colleagues in all stages of career development. Culture and Brand Promoting an inclusive culture and work environment. Our policies, including our Code of Conduct, require that our employment decisions comply with applicable law. Total Rewards We invest significant resources in our most important asset, our colleagues, and having the right total rewards programs to support our colleague experience is an important par