=== CMCSA_2026-02-03.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A: Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. Our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven, rapidly changing environments. We compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, sports, news and information content to consumers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against our competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. Below is a summary of our most significant sources of competition. Many of these competitors offer competitive pricing, packaging and/or bundling of services to customers, which further increases competition. For a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see Item 1: Business and refer to the “Competition” discussions within that section. • Connectivity & Platforms’ broadband services compete primarily against wireline telecommunications companies, including many that are increasing deployment of fiber-based networks; wireless telecommunications companies offering internet services (using a variety of wireless technologies, including 5G fixed wireless networks and 4G and 5G wireless broadband services); municipalities and power companies in the United States that own and operate their own broadband networks; and satellite broadband providers. Domestic broadband-deployment funding initiatives at the federal and state level may result in other service providers deploying new subsidized internet access networks within our footprint, and in cases where we receive subsidies, may impose constraints on how we conduct our businesses. For a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see “—We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses” below and Item 1: Business and refer to the “Legislation and Regulation” discussion within that section. • Our wireless and voice services compete with both telecommunications and wireless telecommunication providers. • Competition for video services consists primarily of DTC streaming service providers and aggregators, DBS providers and telecommunications companies. • Business Services Connectivity primarily competes with wireline telecommunications companies and wide area network managed service providers. • Our businesses in Content & Experiences, as well as our video business, face substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of entertainment, sports, news and information content, as well as from other forms of entertainment, including from social networking and user-generated content or technologies such as AI that can rapidly produce large volumes of content, as well as tourism, recreational activities and lodging. They must compete to obtain talent, popular content (including sports programming), advertising and other resources required to successfully operate their businesses. This competition has further intensified as certain DTC streaming service providers have commissioned, and may continue to commission, high-cost programming and acquire live sports rights to attract viewers at significant costs. Competitors with significant resources, greater efficiencies of scale, fewer regulatory burdens and more competitive pricing and packaging continue to increasingly compete with our businesses in all forms. Some of these competitors could also have preferential access to customer data or other competitive information. Further, consolidation of, or cooperation between, our competitors may increase competition in all of these areas. For example, cooperation between competitors may allow them to offer a range of products and services, including aggregating certain content into a stand-alone offering, offering free or lower cost DTC streaming services, potentially on an exclusive basis, through unlimited data-usage plans for broadband and wireless services or bundling DTC streaming services on their platforms. Our competitive position may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. In addition, our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors and government authorities. For example, some of these constituencies may have their own, and some have conflicting environmental and social priorities, which may present risks to our reputation and brands if these constituencies perceive misalignment. 19 Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents Changes in consumer behavior continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. Distribution platforms for viewing and purchasing content continue to challenge existing business models, increase the number of competitors that our businesses face, and have driven, and will continue to drive, changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services, and how much or for how long they pay for such content. The number of entertainment choices available to consumers, including DTC streaming service providers and aggregators, social networking and user-generated content platforms, and gaming and virtual reality products and services, continues to increase, intensify audience fragmentation and disaggregate how content traditionally has been distributed to and viewed by consumers. The popularity of many of these content distribution platforms has changed, and we expect will continue to change, consumers’ expectations of video content, video aggregation services and the value of our video services, their willingness to pay for such content and services, their perception of quality entertainment and their tolerance for commercial interruptions. The continuing trend of content owners, including us with Peacock, delivering their content directly to consumers, rather than through, or in addition to, traditional video distribution channels also disrupts traditional media distribution business models. As consumers increasingly turn to DTC streaming services in lieu of linear video services, which continue to experience accelerated net customer losses, our video customers and video revenues, and linear television network subscriber fees received from video service providers, each decrease. In addition to reducing traditional television viewership, these trends, when coupled with time-shifting technologies such as DVR and on demand services, have caused, and likely will continue to cause, audience ratings declines for our television networks. Shifting content consumption patterns also may result in lower demand for home entertainment products or theatrical attendance. While we have adapted some of our video and content offerings to compete in the evolving media distribution landscape, such as by offering Peacock and NOW, there also can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete or that Peacock will grow or sustain its revenue or user base, successfully compete as a stand-alone DTC streaming service or fully offset decreases to our linear television networks’ results of operations. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, and shifting business models could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations. A decline in advertisers’ expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses. We compete for the sale of advertising time with digital properties, including an increasing number of ad-supported DTC streaming service providers as advertisers have shifted, and may continue to shift, a larger portion of their total expenditures to digital media. We also compete with other online content providers, such as social networking platforms and user-generated content providers, television networks and stations, and all other advertising platforms. Because we derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models or on Peacock, could negatively impact our results of operations. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, declines caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries and economic conditions generally; increased competition for the leisure time of viewers, audience fragmentation and viewing content on DTC streaming services; use of time-shifting or advertising-blocking technologies; and regulatory intervention on advertising placement. In addition, lower audience ratings and reduced viewership, which many of our linear television networks have experienced, and likely will continue to experience, as well as the level of popularity of Peacock, affect advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from us and the rates paid. Advertising sales and rates also are dependent on the methodology used for audience measurement and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. Our success depends on consumer acceptance of our content, and our businesses may be adversely affected if our content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance. We create and acquire media, sports and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that often change in unpredictable ways. To meet the changing preferences of our consumer markets, we must consistently create, acquire, market and distribute a broad array of content and theme park attractions. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in content, such as sports rights, the production of films and original content for television networks and streaming services, and in the creation of new theme parks and theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which they will earn consumer acceptance. Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K 20 Table of Contents We obtain a significant portion of our content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers, sometimes on an exclusive basis. Competition for popular content, particularly for sports rights, is intense. Entering into or renewing contracts for such content rights or acquiring additional rights has in the past resulted, and may result in the future, in significantly increased costs, potentially over an extended contractual term. Particularly with respect to contracts for sports rights, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, audience size, the timing and amount of rights payments, and the ability to secure distribution from, impose surcharges on, or obtain carriage on multichannel video providers or to grow and retain subscribers to our own DTC services. There can be no assurance that revenue generated from these contracts will exceed our costs for the rights and of producing and distributing the programming. In addition, media companies may determine not to license popular content to us, and as more content owners offer their content directly to consumers through their own platforms, they may reduce the quantity and quality of the content they license to our linear television networks or Peacock. The inability to enter into or renew some or all of these contracts on acceptable terms could reduce the reach of our programming, which could adversely affect our results of operations and businesses. We also create content for licensing to third parties and to our linear television networks or Peacock. The inability to license such content on acceptable terms or at all could negatively impact our business. Moreover, we may generate lower revenue when we opt to retain our content for our own use, including for Peacock, rather than licensing it to third parties who pay licensing fees for such content. If our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, our businesses may be adversely affected. Programming expenses for our video services are increasing on a per subscriber basis, which could adversely affect our video businesses. We expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be the largest single expense item for our Residential Connectivity & Platforms business and to continue to increase on a per subscriber basis. Part of these programming expenses include payments to certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. These market factors may be exacerbated by consolidation in the media industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. If we are unable to offset programming cost increases through rate increases, the sale of additional services, cost management or other initiatives, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Moreover, as our contracts with programming providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms, or at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such programming as part of our video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. The loss of programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect our businesses. Our linear television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with traditional and virtual multichannel video providers. The number of subscribers to our television networks has decreased, and likely will continue to decrease, as a result of reduced viewing of linear television. If our networks do not attract sufficient viewers, both new and existing multichannel video providers may be reluctant to distribute our networks or may decide to distribute our networks with significantly less favorable terms. Similarly, multichannel video providers may elect not to enter into agreements to distribute some or all of our linear television networks as a result of these changing market dynamics. In addition, our broadcast television stations depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where we do not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. Our owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to retransmission by certain multichannel video providers, either “must-carry” status, in which we require the provider to carry the station without paying any compensation to us, or “retransmission consent,” in which we give up our right to mandatory carriage and instead seek to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to us by such provider. For all of these types of arrangements, our ability to renew agreements on acceptable terms and/or in a timely manner may be affected by evolving market dynamics, government regulations and industry consolidation. There can be no assurance that any of these agreements will be entered into or renewed in the future on similar terms. The inability to enter into or renew some or all of these agreements could reduce our revenues and the reach of our programming, which could adversely affect our businesses. 21 Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our business operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, from importing into the United States or other jurisdictions in which we operate hardware or software that uses such intellectual property or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. We may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming, costly to defend and may divert management’s attention and resources away from our businesses. Moreover, if we are unable to obtain, or continue to obtain, licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, or at all, our businesses could be adversely affected. In addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of our businesses, and our success is highly dependent on protecting the intellectual property rights of the content we create or acquire against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. The unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights. The legal landscape for new technologies, including AI, remains uncertain, and legal developments could impact our ability to protect our intellectual property against uses by unauthorized third parties, including generative AI developers, misappropriation, reproduction or infringement or impact our ability to deploy new technologies. Our use or adoption of new and emerging technologies may also increase our exposure to intellectual property claims. Piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances that allow the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. In particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution platforms continues to present challenges for our businesses. For example, certain entities may stream our broadcast television content illegally online without our consent and without paying us any compensation, and sporting events on our international networks may be illegally transmitted. While piracy is a challenge in the United States, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the United States. If any U.S. or foreign laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase. We may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. We also rely on third-party satellite transponder capacity to provide video services in Europe, as well as on third-party wireless networks to offer certain wireless services in the United States and internationally. Some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. While we monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, including as a result of cybersecurity vulnerabilities or incidents, faulty software updates, or any other supply chain compliance-related issues, if our demand exceeds their capacity or if they breach or terminate their agreements with us or are otherwise unable to meet our specifications or provide the equipment, products or services we need in a timely manner (or at all), or at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some products or services may be adversely affected and we may incur additional costs. Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K 22 Table of Contents Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, such as AI, and our competitors’ use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. New technologies can materially impact our businesses in a number of ways, including affecting the demand for our products, the distribution methods of our products and content to our customers, how we create our entertainment products, the ways in which our customers can purchase and view our content and the growth of distribution platforms available to advertisers. For example, current and new wireless internet technologies (including 5G fixed wireless networks and 4G and 5G wireless broadband services) continue to evolve rapidly and may allow for greater speed and reliability for those services as compared with prior technologies and create further competition for our businesses. In addition, some companies and U.S. municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast internet access speeds, and some providers offer newer satellite broadband services. We expect advances in communications technology to continue to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers or that enhance our business operations, such as through the use of AI, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of multigigabit symmetrical speeds by leveraging our DOCSIS 4.0 technology and the development and enhancement of various streaming platforms. There can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to successfully compete in the future. We also may generate less revenue or incur increased costs if changes in our competitors’ product offerings require that we offer certain services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we increase our research and development expenditures. A cyber attack, information or security breach, or technology disruption or failure may negatively impact our ability to conduct our business or result in the misuse of confidential information, all of which could adversely affect our business, reputation or results of operations. Network and information systems and other technologies, including those that are related to our network management, customer service operations and programming delivery and are embedded in our products and services, are critical to our business activities. In the ordinary course of our business, there are constant attempts by unauthorized parties to cause systems-related events and security incidents and to identify and exploit vulnerabilities in security architecture and system design. These incidents include computer hacking, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks, phishing attacks, malware, ransomware, malicious social engineering, theft, misconduct, fraud and other malicious activities. Incidents can be caused inadvertently by us or our third-party vendors due to factors such as process breakdowns, human error, software or hardware failures or vulnerabilities in security architecture or system design. Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and are growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. For example, we expect threat actors will continue to gain sophistication by using tools and techniques, such as AI, that are specifically designed to circumvent security controls. Some cyber attacks have had, and in the future can have, cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks, information systems and other technologies across the world and create latent vulnerabilities in our and third-party vendors’ systems and other technologies. We also obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, that in many cases is provided or made available to third-party vendors who agree to protect it, which has in the past, and may in the future, become compromised through a cyber attack or data breach, misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information by us or a third party. Due to the nature of our businesses, we may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these types of incidents occurring because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. We also incorporate third-party software (including extensive open-source software), applications, and data hosting and cloud-based services into many aspects of our products, services and operations, as well as rely on service providers to help us perform our business operations, all of which expose us to cyber attacks with respect to such third-party suppliers and service providers and their products and services. Due to applicable laws, regulations and contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for cybersecurity breaches or incidents experienced by such third parties in relation to the information we share with them. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems and those of our third-party vendors, the process of enhancing our protective measures can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues. 23 Comcast 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents While we develop and maintain systems, and operate programs that seek to prevent security incidents from occurring, these efforts are costly and must be constantly monitored and updated in the face of sophisticated and rapidly evolving attempts to overcome our security measures and protections. The occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents has caused, and may from time to time in the future cause, a variety of business impacts. These include degradation or disruption of our network, products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, disruption of the security of our internal systems, products, services or satellite transmission signals, power outages, and the compromise or exfiltration of sensitive, personal, proprietary, confidential or technical business information and customer or vendor data, and reputational impacts. In addition, despite efforts to detect unlawful intrusions, attacks can persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and following detection, it may take considerable time to understand the nature, scope, impact and timing of the incident. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any of the foregoing events likely would not be sufficient to fully cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for disruptions to our business that may result. Repercussions of these incidents have in the past included and may in the future include legal proceedings or significant regulatory fines, oversight or other remedial measures, including with respect to relevant consumer privacy rules, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our company. Despite our efforts, we expect that we will continue to experience such incidents in the future, and there can be no assurance that any such incident will not have an adverse effect on our business, reputation or results of operations. Refer to Item 1C: Cybersecurity for additional information. Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses. A substantial portion of our revenue c

=== CMCSA_2026-04-23.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 2: UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS The table below summarizes Comcast’s common stock repurchases during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Authorization Total Dollar Amount Purchased Under the Publicly Announced Authorization Maximum Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Publicly Announced Authorization (a) January 1-31, 2026 13,290,646 $ 28.59 13,290,646 $ 380,016,602 $ 8,486,251,152 February 1-28, 2026 12,149,783 $ 31.28 12,149,783 $ 380,000,287 $ 8,106,250,866 March 1-31, 2026 16,672,330 $ 29.96 16,672,330 $ 499,581,496 $ 7,606,669,370 Total 42,112,759 $ 29.91 42,112,759 $ 1,259,598,384 $ 7,606,669,370 (a) In January of 2025, our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase authorization of $15 billion, which has no expiration date. We expect to repurchase additional shares of our Class A common stock under this authorization, in the open market or in private transactions, subject to market and other conditions. ITEM 6: EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 31 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following financial statements from Comcast Corporation’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2026, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23, 2026, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity; and (vi) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the iXBRL document). 32 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. COMCAST CORPORATION By: /s/ DANIEL C. MURDOCK Daniel C. Murdock Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: April 23, 2026 33 