=== RF_2026-03-23.htm.gz ===
rf-20260323 false 0001281761 DEF 14A Regions Financial Corporation iso4217:USD rf:percent 0001281761 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001281761 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001281761 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001281761 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001281761 2026-01-01 2026-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentEquityAwardAdjustmentsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedChangeInTheActuarialPresentValueOfPensionBenefitsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentPensionBenefitAdjustmentsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentEquityAwardAdjustmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedChangeInTheActuarialPresentValueOfPensionBenefitsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentPensionBenefitAdjustmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentEquityAwardAdjustmentsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedChangeInTheActuarialPresentValueOfPensionBenefitsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentPensionBenefitAdjustmentsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentEquityAwardAdjustmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedChangeInTheActuarialPresentValueOfPensionBenefitsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentPensionBenefitAdjustmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentEquityAwardAdjustmentsMember ecd:PeoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedChangeInTheActuarialPresentValueOfPensionBenefitsMember ecd:PeoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentPensionBenefitAdjustmentsMember ecd:PeoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentEquityAwardAdjustmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedChangeInTheActuarialPresentValueOfPensionBenefitsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentPensionBenefitAdjustmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentEquityAwardAdjustmentsMember ecd:PeoMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedChangeInTheActuarialPresentValueOfPensionBenefitsMember ecd:PeoMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentPensionBenefitAdjustmentsMember ecd:PeoMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentEquityAwardAdjustmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentReportedChangeInTheActuarialPresentValueOfPensionBenefitsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001281761 rf:AdjustmentPensionBenefitAdjustmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001281761 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to Rule 14a-11(c) or Rule 14a-12 REGIONS FINANCIAL CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Dear Fellow Shareholders: We are pleased to invite you to participate in the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Regions Financial Corporation, to be held virtually on May 6, 2026, at 9:00 A.M. Central Time. In 2025, against a backdrop of dynamic economic, regulatory, and geopolitical considerations, the Board remained focused on disciplined oversight of Regions long-term strategy and risk profile, while continuing to strengthen our governance framework in support of the Company s sustained performance and shared value mission. On behalf of the Board of Directors, we are proud of the commitment demonstrated by Regions associates and value the opportunity to report to you on the governance and oversight practices that support our long-term success. A central focus for the Board this year has been the continued evolution of our governance framework, informed by ongoing engagement with our shareholders and a commitment to aligning with leading practices. In response to shareholder feedback, the Board approved amendments to our By-Laws to provide shareholders with the right to call special meetings, and we are bringing forward proposals to remove supermajority voting requirements from our Charter. We believe these actions reflect our responsiveness to shareholder perspectives and our commitment to maintaining a governance structure that is transparent, modern, and aligned with shareholder interests. This year, we also recognize and thank Jim Prokopanko for his many years of distinguished service to Regions, most recently as Chair of the Risk Committee. Jim s leadership and steady guidance have contributed meaningfully to the strength of the Company s risk oversight framework. Over the past several years, in anticipation of retirements and evolving needs, the Board has undertaken intentional refreshment efforts to maintain a thoughtful balance of experience and skills on the Board. These efforts help ensure our Board remains well-positioned to oversee Regions strategy in an increasingly complex environment. Consistent with long-standing priorities, the Board remains committed to year-round engagement with our shareholders. During the past year, we engaged with shareholders, as well as with shareholder proponents, to ensure transparency and an open exchange of perspectives. These conversations focused primarily on governance matters, including Board composition and refreshment, shareholder rights, and perspectives on governance proposals. We value this feedback and view it as important input into the Board s ongoing evaluation of governance practices and priorities. In addition to governance evolution, the Board s oversight in 2025 remained focused on the areas most critical to Regions long-term success, including technology and digital transformation efforts, the shifting risk and regulatory environment, and the execution of our long-term strategy. Through this oversight, the Board seeks to support Regions ability to navigate complexity while continuing to deliver consistent, sustainable value for our shareholders, customers, associates, and communities. On behalf of the entire Board, we thank you for your continued trust and support. We recognize the responsibility that comes with that trust and remain committed to thoughtful, engaged oversight that supports Regions mission to make life better and deliver shared value over the long term. On behalf of the Board of Directors, In 2025, the Board remained focused on governance evolution, disciplined oversight, and shareholder engagement, exercising strong independent judgment and taking concrete actions to strengthen shareholder rights and support Regions long-term strategy. Ruth Ann Marshall Lead Independent Director Regions Financial Corporation John M. Turner, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 23, 2026 Ruth Ann Marshall Lead Independent Director Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement i NOTICE OF 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders To the Shareholders of Regions Financial Corporation: The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Regions Financial Corporation will be held on Wednesday, May 6, 2026, at 9:00 A.M. Central Time via webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RF2026 . Our Board of Directors is furnishing you with this proxy statement to solicit your vote on the following matters: DATE Wednesday, May 6, 2026 1 Election of Directors TIME 9:00 A.M. Central Time 2 Advisory Approval of Executive Compensation VSM WEBSITE www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RF2026 For additional details on attending the meeting, see page 123 . 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 4 - 7 Approval of Four Management Proposals to Amend Certain Provisions of Regions Certificate of Incorporation 8 Shareholder Proposal, if properly presented at the meeting IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 6, 2026 The 2026 Proxy Statement and Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders; the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025; and the CEO s Letter are available free of charge at ir.regions.com/governance/annual-meeting-of-shareholders and proxyvote.com . RECORD DATE Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 10, 2026 are entitled to vote at the annual meeting. WAYS TO VOTE Mobile Device To vote with your mobile device (tablet or smartphone), scan the Quick Response (QR) Code that appears on your proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (may require free software download). Internet To vote over the internet, visit proxyvote.com and enter your 16-digit control number that appears on your proxy card, email notification, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Telephone To vote by telephone, call 1-800-690-6903 and follow the recorded instructions. If you vote by telephone, you will also need your 16-digit control number. Mail If you requested printed copies of the proxy materials to be sent to you by mail, vote by filling out the proxy card and returning it in the envelope provided to: Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. During the Annual Meeting Webcast Additionally, you may vote electronically during the webcast of the annual meeting. If you vote during the webcast, you also will need your 16-digit control number. Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement ii Table of Contents P ROX Y VOTING ROADMAP 1 ABOUT REGIONS 2 BOARD AND GOVERNANCE MATTERS Corporate Governance Highlights 5 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors 6 Board Overview 7 Director Nominees 11 Director Compensation 25 Corporate Governance 29 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Highlights 55 PROPOSAL 2 Advisory V ote On Executive Compensation ( S ay-on-Pay ) 57 Compensation Discussion And Analysis 59 Executive Compensation Tables And Other Information 83 Compensation And Human Resources Committee Report 103 AUDIT MATTERS PROPOSAL 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 104 Audit Committee Report 107 MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS PROPOSAL 4 Vote on Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation to Eliminate Certain Supermajority Voting Requirements 109 PROPOSAL 5 Vote on Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation to Eliminate Certain Business Combination Restrictions and Related Supermajority Voting Standard 111 PROPOSAL 6 Vote on Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation to Limit Certain Liability of Officers as Permitted by Delaware Law 113 PROPOSAL 7 Vote on Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation to Implement Other Miscellaneous Changes 115 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL PROPOSAL 8 Shareholder Proposal 117 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 119 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTING 123 GENERAL INFORMATION 130 APPENDICES Appendix A: Proposed Amendments Pursuant To Proposal 4 A-1 Appendix B: Proposed Amendments Pursuant To Proposal 5 B-1 Appendix C: Proposed Amendments Pursuant To Proposal 6 C-1 Appendix D: Proposed Amendments Pursuant To Proposal 7 D-1 Appendix E: GAAP To Non- GAAP Reconciliations - Cash Incentive Plan E-1 Appendix F: GAAP To Non- GAAP Reconciliations - Long Term Incentive Plan F-1 Frequently Referenced Pages Board Overview 7 Board Skills Matrix 9 Director Onboarding And Education 31 Board Evaluations 32 Board Oversight Responsibilities 45 Corporate Responsibility 47 Shareholder Engagement 49 Compensation Best Practices 56 2025 Compensation Decisions 61 S ummary Compensation Table 83 CEO Pay Ratio 97 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 98 How To Vote 124 iii Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Voting Roadmap VOTING RECOMMENDATIONS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Our Director nominees bring deep experience in banking, risk, technology, strategy, regulatory compliance, and governance that supports effective oversight of strategy and long-term value creation. See page 6 FOR each nominee Proposal 2 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation Our compensation program is designed to align executive pay with performance and long-term shareholder value, with a significant portion of pay tied to results. Strong prior Say-on-Pay support and ongoing shareholder engagement reflect confidence in our approach. See page 57 FOR Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Ratification supports continuity, independence, and high-quality financial oversight. The Audit Committee regularly evaluates auditor performance and independence and believes the firm continues to provide effective service and value. See page 104 FOR Proposal 4 Vote on Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation to Eliminate Certain Supermajority Voting Requirements This amendment strengthens shareholder rights by allowing matters to be approved by a majority, aligning our Certificate of Incorporation ( Charter ) with evolving governance best practices and shareholder feedback. See page 109 FOR Proposal 5 Vote on Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation to Eliminate Certain Business Combination Restrictions and Related Supermajority Voting Standard Removing legacy supermajority provisions related to the approval of business combinations with interested parties modernizes our governance framework by allowing such transactions to be determined by a majority of disinterested shareholders. See page 111 FOR Proposal 6 Vote on Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation to Limit Certain Liability of Officers as Permitted by Delaware Law This amendment aligns our governance framework with current Delaware law and many peer practices, helping us attract and retain strong executive leadership while maintaining accountability through existing protections. See page 113 FOR Proposal 7 Vote on Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation to Implement Other Miscellaneous Changes These updates modernize and clarify our governing documents, improving consistency with Delaware law and supporting effective corporate governance without fundamentally affecting shareholder rights. See page 115 FOR Proposal 8 Vote on Shareholder Proposal Relating to Special Shareholder Meeting The Board has already taken meaningful action to enhance shareholder rights by amending the By-Laws to allow shareholders owning 25% of outstanding shares to call a special meeting. The proposal is unnecessary and could introduce complexity or unintended consequences without providing meaningful benefit to our shareholders. See page 117 AGAINST Your vote is important! Whether or not you plan to attend the annual meeting, you are encouraged to promptly submit your proxy with voting instructions. Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 1 About Regions Overview Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) is a financial holding company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, and is a member of the S P 500 Index. Regions provides financial solutions for a wide range of clients, including retail and mortgage banking, commercial banking, and wealth management and investment services, and operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Regions Bank, an Alabama state-chartered bank and member of the Federal Reserve System. In addition, Regions operates several offices delivering specialty capabilities in New York, Washington D.C., Chicago, Salt Lake City, and other locations nationwide. Regions maintains an attractive footprint and strong brand presence. Branch Locations by State Alabama - 184 Arkansas - 55 Florida - 270 Georgia - 117 Illinois - 40 Indiana - 40 Iowa - 4 Kentucky - 9 Louisiana - 79 Mississippi - 97 Missouri - 48 North Carolina - 6 South Carolina - 18 Tennessee - 194 Texas - 85 Regions is one of the top financial institutions in the United States, operating in strong, vibrant, and growing markets throughout the Southeast, Texas, and the Midwest. In addition to our 15-state retail banking footprint, we offer national advisory and specialty lending, including merger and acquisition advisory services, capital markets solutions, and home improvement lending. $158.8B total assets $131.1B total deposits 19,969 associates 1,247 branch outlets 1,786 ATMs $7.5B total revenue $5.0B net interest income $2.1B net income available to common shareholders $2.30 diluted EPS 56.9% efficiency ratio All figures as of December 31, 2025 2 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement ABOUT REGIONS Our Strategy Strong Foundation. Positioned for Growth. Our vision, mission, and values continue to be the foundational elements of our strategic plan and are integral to Regions ability to serve and support our stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, communities, and associates. Our strategic priorities and values, as shown below, balance the needs of all of these stakeholders. Our Strategic Priorities Our Values Regions ended 2025 with positive momentum, delivering results that underscore the strength of our plans and the disciplined execution behind them. As we look ahead to 2026, I m confident in our direction and proud of the teams that make this progress possible. Their discipline, customer focus, and integrity continue to define who we are as a company. John M. Turner, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Regions Financial Corporation We believe that local, relationship banking powered by great technology sets us apart in the markets we serve. Regions strategic plan focuses on three goals soundness, profitability, and growth. It is how we differentiate ourselves, drive transformative change, and become the undisputed customer experience leader in the industry: Soundness : Protecting our strong foundation so that we will be in a position to further enhance the customer experience by modernizing operating systems, enhancing security, managing risk, and strengthening our balance sheet. Profitability : Delivering value to all stakeholders by making strategic investments, maintaining high credit standards, and continuously improving how we operate and produce results. Growth : Innovating and transforming every area of the organization to build our future bank by enhancing how we go to market, providing customers with greater convenience and access, and empowering all associates to work together, smarter and better. Regions conducts its enterprise-wide strategic planning process on an annual basis, informed by plans from each business segment and support group. Throughout the process, strategy development and business decisions are guided by stakeholder feedback and developments in the operating environment. Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 3 ABOUT REGIONS Advancing our Strategic Priorities Regions long-standing strategic priorities guide our focus on generating consistent, sustainable long-term performance through soundness, profitability, and growth. In 2025, execution across our strategic priorities, under clear Board oversight informed by shareholder feedback, delivered results that guided the compensation outcomes discussed in this proxy statement and reinforced our pay for performance philosophy. The highlights below illustrate how we advanced each priority during the year. Strengthen Financial Performance Enhance Risk Management Focus on the Customer Delivered the highest return on average tangible common equity ratio in our peer group for the fifth consecutive year Achieved a record year in Wealth Management and Treasury Management, with Capital Markets delivering its second-best year on record Delivered proven expense management performance with a top quartile efficiency ratio vs. peers Maintained a strong track record of total shareholder returns supported by a balanced approach to share repurchases and peer-leading dividend growth Demonstrated above-median organic loan and deposit growth compared to peers over the past five years Centralized the underwriting, servicing, and exposure management of our credit products within specialized lending units Advanced our risk rating methodologies and stress testing capabilities Invested in data, analytics, and market benchmarks to provide early warning indicators and dynamic industry outlooks De-risked loan portfolio concentrations by diversifying into less cyclical sectors and exiting lower-margin segments Enhanced our interest rate risk management and reduced earnings volatility via proactive hedging strategies Further personalized customer self-service through artificial intelligence ( AI )-powered technology like SmallBusinessIQ, CashFlowIQ, and CashFlow Advisor Developed AI-driven solutions that helped our bankers anticipate customer needs and provide more accurate pricing guidance Implemented network-wide branch improvements to provide customers with exceptional in-person banking experiences Facilitated a more modern, seamless customer experience through our high-performing native mobile app and advancements to our core modernization program Enhanced customer protections through improvements to our cybersecurity posture, a redesigned compliance program, and advanced fraud-detection monitoring and analytics Build the Best Team Continuously Improve Added revenue-enablement roles and hired incremental bankers to support banker productivity Aligned talent depth with our highest-opportunity markets by reskilling retail bankers for small business and mass affluent segments Invested in the development of our current associates, as demonstrated by higher internal fill rates for open positions and lower turnover rates among our retail bankers Strengthened capabilities for senior leaders and high-potential associates through targeted development experiences and programs Offered Well, our concierge-level health platform, to our associates, with early results indicating reduced healthcare costs JD Power Online Banking Satisfaction Study: #1 among regional banks American Customer Satisfaction Index: #1 in customer satisfaction among traditional banks Gallup: winner of Exceptional Workplace Award for engagement, for the 11th consecutive year Datos: recipient of 2025 Impact Award for best innovation in product development Newsweek: #1 in America s Best Customer Service; most highly rated commercial bank American Banker: #2 in Top 20 Banks by Reputation Strong 2025 performance across our strategic priorities, supported by effective governance and disciplined Board oversight, informed pay decisions and reinforced alignment with shareholders. 4 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Highlights Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance, active oversight, and accountability to our shareholders. Through ongoing evaluation and thoughtful enhancements, the Board continues to evolve Regions governance framework to remain responsive to shareholder expectations, emerging risks, and leading practices. Supported by independent perspectives and a balanced mix of skills and experiences, the Board is well positioned to provide disciplined oversight of management and support the continued advancement of our governance practices. Governance Evolution and Best Practices The highlights below reflect key governance enhancements and practices that support the Board s oversight and responsiveness. In February 2026, we amended our By-Laws to provide shareholders who own 25% or more of Regions stock with the right to call a special meeting (see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on February 4, 2026). The Board recommends in this proxy statement that our shareholders approve amendments to Regions Charter intended to strengthen shareholder rights by removing supermajority voting provisions (see Proposals 4 and 5 ). In July 2025, we revised certain committee charters to clarify oversight responsibilities in key areas, including succession planning and risk oversight, as well as enhanced the Director Onboarding and Ongoing Education Program to reflect best practices. We appointed Roger Jenkins , Former President and CEO of Murphy Oil Corporation, to our Board in January 2025. In 2024, we migrated our Board self-evaluation to an electronic questionnaire and engaged a third-party board advisory service to assist in analyzing Director feedback. We further enhanced the process in 2025 with additional open-ended questions to improve the responses. BOARD INDEPENDENCE, LEADERSHIP, AND COMPOSITION Board Refreshment Independent Board Leadership Board Composition Committee Leadership Director Retirement Age Intentional and ongoing Board refreshment; 7 Directors added in last 5 years Strong Lead Independent Director role with robust duties; 100% independence in standing committee membership Commitment to seeking wide-ranging skills, experience, and perspectives on the Board Strong, independent committee chairs with balance of expertise and backgrounds Mandatory Director retirement age of 72 SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT Year-Round Engagement Shareholder Right to Call Special Meeting Proxy Access By-Law Director Resignation Policy Other Shareholder Rights Ongoing dialogue with institutional shareholders and shareholder proponents, including Director-Shareholder engagement when requested Our By-Laws permit shareholders who own 25% or more of Regions stock to call a special meeting of shareholders Shareholders owning at least 3% of Regions stock for at least 3 years may submit up to 2 or 20% of Director nominees for inclusion in proxy statement Director who fails to receive a majority of the votes cast shall automatically be deemed to have tendered their resignation for the Board s consideration One Share, One Vote; Annual Director Elections; No Poison Pill ADDITIONAL BEST PRACTICES Actionable Evaluations No Hedging/Pledging Overboarding Policy Stock Ownership Guidelines Governance Documents Electronic annual Board self-evaluations with third-party reporting and analysis, 1:1 calls, and group discussions Directors and executive officers are prohibited from entering into hedging arrangements or pledging stock Overboarding policy consistent with high standards of shareholders; no overboarded Directors under our policy Stock ownership guidelines for Directors and executive officers with sale restrictions until achieved Annual review of governance documents, including Corporate Governance Principles and committee charters Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 5 PROPOSAL ONE Election of Directors The Board has determined that it is good governance for all Directors to be elected annually, as we believe that annual elections keep the Directors accountable to our shareholders. Accordingly, the current term of office of all of our Directors expires at the 2026 Annual Meeting. The Board proposes that the 13 nominees included in this proxy statement be elected as Directors for a term of one year, expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting, and until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or their earlier retirement, resignation, or removal. WHY DOES THE BOARD RECOMMEND A VOTE FOR EACH NOMINEE? Our Director nominees possess a broad mix of skills, experience, backgrounds, and perspectives. This proxy statement includes information about each Director nominee that led the NCG Committee and our Board to determine that the nominee is qualified to serve as a Director. WHAT IS THE EFFECT OF THIS PROPOSAL? Each of the 13 nominees will be elected if a majority of the votes cast at the annual meeting are voted in favor of the nominee. Our Corporate Governance Principles provide that an incumbent nominee who fails to receive a majority of the votes cast shall automatically be deemed to have tendered their resignation following certification of the vote. The NCG Committee shall consider such resignation and shall recommend to the Board the action to be taken. Any Director (1) whose resignation is under consideration or (2) who serves on another company s board with the Director whose resignation is under consideration, shall not participate in the NCG Committee recommendation or the Board decision regarding whether to accept the resignation. The Board shall take action within 90 days following certification of the vote, unless such action would cause the Company to fail to comply with any requirement of the NYSE or any rule or regulation promulgated under the Exchange Act, in which event the Company shall take action as promptly as is practicable while continuing to meet such requirements. The Board will promptly disclose its decision, and the reasons supporting it, in a Form 8-K furnished to the SEC. As permitted by our By-Laws, the Board has fixed the number of Directors at 13, effective as of the annual meeting. All nominees have consented to being named in this proxy statement for consideration at the annual meeting. If, however, a nominee is unable or unwilling to serve and the Board does not elect to reduce the size of the Board, shares represented by proxies may be voted for a substitute candidate nominated by the Board. Any Director vacancies created between annual meetings (such as by a current Director s death, resignation, or removal, or by an increase in the number of Directors in accordance with our By-Laws) may be filled by a majority vote of the Directors then in office. Any Director appointed in this manner would hold office until the next annual meeting. Nominees for Election to the Board of Directors Mark A. Crosswhite Noopur Davis Zhanna Golodryga J. Thomas Hill Roger W. Jenkins Joia M. Johnson Ruth Ann Marshall Alison S. Rand William C. Rhodes, III Lee J. Styslinger, III Jos S. Suquet John M. Turner, Jr. Timothy Vines The Board unanimously recommends you vote FOR each Director nominee standing for election. 6 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board Overview Our Board is committed to driving effectiveness through an intentional, forward looking approach to Board composition. The Board and its Nominating and Corporate Governance ( NCG ) Committee regularly assess Board composition and performance to ensure that the appropriate skills and expertise are represented around the table. These efforts support a Board that is engaged, appropriately refreshed, and well positioned to provide balanced oversight across Regions most critical strategic and risk areas. DIRECTOR NOMINEES Nominee Age Indep. Director Since Industry Representation Committee Membership Other Public Company Boards Mark A. Crosswhite Former Chairman, President and CEO, Alabama Power Company 63 2022 Energy Audit NCG Noopur Davis EVP, Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Product Privacy Officer, Comcast 64 2022 Technology Risk Technology Zhanna Golodryga Former EVP, Emerging Energy and Sustainability, Phillips 66 70 2019 Energy Risk Technology* AGCO Corporation J. Thomas Hill Executive Chairman, Vulcan Materials Company 67 2022 Manufacturing CHR NCG Vulcan Materials Company Roger W. Jenkins Former President and CEO, Murphy Oil Corporation 64 2025 Oil and Gas Risk Technology Oceaneering International, Inc. Joia M. Johnson Former CAO, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Hanesbrands, Inc. 66 2021 Consumer Products, Manufacturing, and Retail CHR* NCG Brown Brown; Global Payments Inc.; Sylvamo Corporation Ruth Ann Marshall Former President, The Americas, MasterCard International, Inc. 71 2011 Financial Services CHR NCG* ConAgra Brands, Inc. Alison S. Rand Former EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Primerica 58 2023 Financial Services Audit Technology Reinsurance Group of America William C. Rhodes, III Chairman, AutoZone, Inc. 60 2024 Retail Audit CHR AutoZone, Inc. Lee J. Styslinger, III Co-Owner, Altec, Inc. 65 2003 Manufacturing and Transportation Risk Technology Vulcan Materials Company Jos S. Suquet Chairman and CEO, Pan-American Life Insurance Group 69 2017 Insurance Audit* Risk John M. Turner, Jr. Chairman, President and CEO, Regions Financial Corporation 64 CEO 2018 Financial Services Southern Company Timothy Vines President and CEO, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Alabama 60 2018 Healthcare and Insurance Audit CHR * Committee Chair Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 7 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS BOARD COMPOSITION Independence Not Independent Independent Tenure 5 years 6-10 years 11 years Age 60 years 61-65 years 66-69 years 70 years Other Characteristics Male - 62% Female - 38% Minority Demographic - 31% BOARD REFRESHMENT TIMELINE The Board s intentional approach to composition is guided by regular evaluation of the skills, experience, and perspectives needed to support Regions strategy and the Board s oversight responsibilities. The Board composition charts to the left highlight key attributes of our Director nominees, including tenure, age, independence, and personal characteristics, and reflect the Board s ongoing commitment to maintaining a balanced, engaged group of Directors aligned with the Company s evolving needs and informed by feedback we receive through shareholder engagement. The Board Refreshment Timeline illustrates the Board s significant refreshment over the past five years, during which the Board added seven new Directors to support long term succession planning and deepen its collective expertise. These additions have meaningfully expanded Board expertise in technology and cybersecurity, public company finance, CEO-level leadership, risk management, corporate governance, human capital management, and large-scale strategic execution, as reflected in the Board Skills Matrix on the following page. Jenkins 2025 Rhodes 2024 Rand 2023 Crosswhite Davis Hill 2022 Johnson 2021 8 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS BOARD SKILLS MATRIX The Board s effectiveness reflects not only the experience and characteristics of individual Directors but also a broad mix of skills essential to overseeing Regions strategy, risk profile, and long-term performance. The matrix below, and the accompanying skills descriptions, illustrate the primary skills and areas of expertise represented across our Director nominees and how those capabilities align with the Board s oversight responsibilities. Crosswhite Davis Golodryga Hill Jenkins Johnson Marshall Rand Rhodes Styslinger Suquet Turner Vines Skill* Audit/Accounting/Finance and Capital Planning n n n n n n n Banking and Financial Services n n n n n n Business Operations and Technology Innovation/AI n n n n n n n n n n Corporate Governance n n n n n n n n n n n n n Customer Focus and Community Engagement n n n n n n n n n n n Environmental Sustainability Practices n n n n n n n n Executive Compensation and Benefits n n n n n n n n n n Human Capital Management n n n n n n n n n n n n Information/Cyber Security n n n n n n n Regulatory Compliance n n n n n n n n Risk Management n n n n n n n n n n n Strategic Planning and Strategy Development n n n n n n n n n n n n n * Skills are based on information certified in 2025 year-end Director questionnaires and represent the number of our Director nominees with considerable or extensive experience or expertise in areas that are critical to Regions operations, which are discussed in more detail in the following chart. Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 9 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Audit/Accounting/Finance and Capital Planning The Board is responsible for reviewing Regions financial statements and disclosures and internal controls, and for monitoring internal and external auditors. The Board is also responsible for reviewing the Company s long-term capital plans for safety and soundness. Therefore, it is important to have Directors who understand auditing, financial reporting, finance, and capital allocation. Banking and Financial Services The banking and financial services industry has unique and inherent risks, challenges, and opportunities. Further, as a full-service financial holding company, Regions offers a wide range of products and services, some of which may be complex. Experience in the financial services industry contributes to the Board's oversight of the Company's strategy and is critical to our success. Business Operations Technology and Innovation/Artificial Intelligence Regions customers expect efficient, market-leading services, many of which are becoming more technology driven, and we must be able to appropriately gather, process, and analyze information to better serve our customers. Our Board includes members who have business operations and technology experience so that the Board can oversee our efforts to innovate. Corporate Governance The Board is responsible for shaping the Company s corporate governance priorities and structure, which must be transparent and responsive to our shareholders and can have a significant impact on corporate operations. It is important that the Board reflects experience in understanding the constantly evolving corporate governance landscape. Customer Focus and Community Engagement Regions is committed to helping our customers and our local communities achieve their financial goals by understanding their needs and investing our resources to help them accomplish their goals. Having individuals on our Board with experience in delivering a positive environment and engaging the community is important to Regions success. Environmental Sustainability Practices Regions must be cognizant of current and potential environmental risks and opportunities and how they can impact our long-term value. We continue to focus on operational sustainability goals, deepening our environmental and social risk management, and pursuing opportunities in sustainable finance, and it is important that our Board have Directors with experience in these practices. Executive Compensation and Benefits When properly structured, executive compensation and benefits discourage imprudent risk-taking, while simultaneously acting as a business driver and ensuring alignment with long-term shareholder interests. It is important that our Board includes Directors who have experience with various executive compensation and benefits structures that may be employed to achieve this balance. Human Capital Management Having human capital management experience on the Board helps ensure smooth transitions, as well as fosters a productive and safe working environment. Our Board also reflects experience navigating the risks and opportunities in corporate culture and inclusion, as well as associate well-being and engagement, all areas that are drivers of long-term value. Information/Cyber Security As a financial institution, the safekeeping of sensitive customer, associate, and Company data is critically important, and we are increasingly dependent on information technology to deliver services to consumers and businesses. Thus, our Board includes Directors with experience in implementing, establishing, or overseeing information/cyber security systems and protocols. Regulatory Compliance Regions is subject to the oversight of various regulators, including the Alabama State Banking Department, the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the SEC, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. Having Directors with experience in highly regulated environments is critical to the Company s success. Risk Management Robust risk management is a critical aspect of operating within the financial sector and is embedded throughout our strategic plan. Having Directors with experience in overseeing risk management strengthens the Board s oversight of the risks we face. The Board, therefore, must include Directors who are very familiar with risk management processes. Strategic Planning and Strategy Development Directors who understand how to strategically plan for the future of the Company, in both the short and long term, are better able to oversee and advise management with respect to the formulation and execution of the Company s strategy and its connection to long-term value. 10 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees All of the 13 nominees being voted upon at the annual meeting are standing for re-election. The following biographies detail the age and principal occupations during at least the past five years for each nominee; the year the nominee joined the Board; and the other public company directorships they have held within at least the last five years. The Directors also serve as the board members of Regions Bank, an Alabama state-chartered commercial bank and wholly owned subsidiary of Regions. In connection with the 2026 Annual Meeting, the Board approved a one year exception to its mandatory Director retirement age policy for Ruth Ann Marshall, our Lead Independent Director, because the retirement policy was triggered solely due to a change in the typical timing of the annual meeting. This exception also reflects the Board s continued view that her leadership and contributions remain invaluable to the Board and its oversight of the Company. A shareholder who wishes to recommend a candidate for consideration by the NCG Committee may do so at any time. For more information, see the Questions and Answers about the Annual Meeting and Voting section. DIRECTOR NOMINEES Each nominee s key experiences, qualifications, attributes, or skills that led the Board to conclude that they should serve as a Director are described in the following biographies. The Board believes that each of the 13 nominees is well qualified to serve as a Director on Regions Board. Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 11 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Served as Chairman, President, and CEO of Alabama Power Company, a public utility company and Southern Company subsidiary headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, from 2014 until his retirement in 2022 Joined Southern Company in 2004 and served in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility at Alabama Power Company and affiliated companies, including Chairman, President and CEO of Gulf Power and Chief Operating Officer of Southern Company Chairman of the Board of Prosper Birmingham and serves on the President s Council of the University of Alabama in Huntsville and the Board of Governors of the University of Alabama Law School Foundation Has previously served as Chairman of the Boards of the Economic Development Partnership of Alabama, the Business Council of Alabama, and the Birmingham Business Alliance, and has served on the President's Cabinet of the University of Alabama INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2022 AGE: 63 REGIONS COMMITTEES: Audit Committee NCG Committee Education Bachelor s degree, University of Alabama at Huntsville Juris Doctor degree, University of Alabama School of Law Honors and Recognition Graduate, Leadership Alabama Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Mr. Crosswhite brings to the Board significant executive leadership experience in a highly regulated industry, which provides valuable insight into regulatory environments, operational oversight, strategic planning, and stakeholder engagement relevant to Regions business and long-term strategy. Top Skills Corporate Governance Customer Focus and Community Engagement Human Capital Management Regulatory Compliance Strategic Planning and Strategy Development 12 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Currently serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Product Privacy Officer of Comcast, a Fortune 30 media and technology company, responsible for overseeing the full range of cybersecurity and product privacy functions for Comcast and Sky, including all products and services delivered to Comcast residential and business customers in the United States and in Europe Prior to joining Comcast in 2016, served as Vice President of global quality for Intel Security Group Previously, she was a Visiting Scientist and Senior Member of Technical Staff at the Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute, a Principal of management consulting firm Davis Systems, and held various leadership and technical positions in Fortune 500 companies Serves on multiple advisory boards of Fortune 50 companies Throughout her career, has obtained significant experience in complex technology and cybersecurity issues and related risks INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2022 AGE: 64 REGIONS COMMITTEES: Risk Committee Technology Committee Education Bachelor s degree (Electrical Engineering), Auburn University Master of Computer Science degree, University of Alabama in Huntsville Honors and Recognition In February 2023, appointed as a member of the President s National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee Selected 2022 Alumna of Achievement by University of Alabama in Huntsville Included on the Cablefax 100 Most Powerful Women and Top Women in Technology lists multiple times Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Ms. Davis brings deep expertise in cybersecurity, technology risk, and data privacy from her senior leadership roles at global communications and technology companies, providing the Board with valuable insight into information security oversight, digital innovation, and the management of complex technology-related risks relevant to Regions operations and strategic priorities. Top Skills Business Operations and Technology Innovation/AI Corporate Governance Human Capital Management Information/Cyber Security Strategic Planning and Strategy Development Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 13 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Served as Executive Vice President, Emerging Energy and Sustainability at Phillips 66, a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company, until May 2025 Previously served as Senior Vice President, Chief Digital and Administrative Officer at Phillips 66 and was responsible for driving digital change by developing and executing digital and technology strategies Prior to joining Phillips 66 in April 2017, served as Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President, Services at Hess Corporation, with responsibility for managing the company s service organizations, including global supply chain, global business transformation program, and global office services, as well as information management, enterprise architecture, infrastructure, and cybersecurity across the business, a role she held beginning in 2012 Also previously served as Chief Information Officer at BHP Billiton Petroleum, Vice President of Information Technology at TeleCheck International, Manager of Information Systems at Baker Hughes, IT Services Manager at Marathon Oil, and Systems Analyst at 3D/International Serves on the board of the Memorial Hermann Foundation Has over 30 years of experience in the energy industry and the information technology field INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2019 AGE: 70 REGIONS COMMITTEES: Risk Committee Technology Committee (Chair) Executive Committee Education Master s degree (Mechanical Engineering), Kiev Engineering and Construction Institute Honors and Recognition 50 Most Powerful Women in Oil and Gas, National Diversity Council Other Public Directorships and Board Leadership/Committee Assignments AGCO Corporation: Audit Committee; Sustainability Committee Former Public Directorships Held During Past Five Years Novonix Ltd. Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Ms. Golodryga contributes extensive leadership experience in technology, digital transformation, and operations within complex, highly regulated industries, offering the Board valuable perspective on innovation, cybersecurity, enterprise risk management, and the strategic integration of technology to support Regions long-term growth. Top Skills Business Operations and Technology Innovation/AI Human Capital Management Information/Cyber Security Risk Management Strategic Planning and Strategy Development 14 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Currently serves as Executive Chairman of Vulcan Materials Company, the nation s largest producer of construction aggregates and a major producer of aggregates-based construction materials Has served at Vulcan for over 30 years in a variety of operations and general management assignments of increasing responsibility prior to being appointed President and CEO in 2014 and Chairman in 2016; served as President until 2023 and CEO through 2025 Has held leadership positions in a number of industry trade groups, including the Texas Concrete and Aggregates Association, the Florida Concrete and Products Association, and the National Stone, Sand and Gravel Association Previously served on the boards of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the United Way of Central Alabama INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2022 AGE: 67 REGIONS COMMITTEES: CHR Committee NCG Committee Education Bachelor s degree, University of Pittsburgh Wharton School of Business, Executive Management Program Other Public Directorships and Board Leadership/Committee Assignments Vulcan Materials Company: Executive Chairman of the Board; Executive Committee (Chair) Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Mr. Hill brings decades of executive leadership experience at a large public company, including deep expertise in operations, strategic planning, human capital management, and governance, providing the Board with practical insight into leading complex organizations and driving long-term performance in cyclical and capital-intensive industries. Top Skills Corporate Governance Customer Focus and Community Engagement Executive Compensation and Benefits Human Capital Management Strategic Planning and Strategy Development Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 15 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications From 2013 until retiring in 2024, served as CEO and a board director of Murphy Oil Corporation, where he initiated a strategic shift to reposition the company as an industry leader in independent exploration and production; served as President from 2013 until 2023 Previously served as Chief Operating Officer, Murphy Oil Corporation from 2012 to 2013, President of Exploration and Production from 2009 to 2013, and in various leadership roles since 2001, where he was responsible for leading and transforming the company s domestic and international operations, implementing record-breaking strategic and sustainability goals, and developing new production areas Prior to joining Murphy Oil in 2001, led offshore drilling in the Gulf of Mexico for Texaco, where he set numerous ultra-deepwater drilling records and initiated Texaco s first Global Drilling Safety Management system Has broad experience in strategy development, safety, people, and sustainability, with expertise in mergers and acquisitions, operational discipline, and strategic asset deployment INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2025 AGE: 64 REGIONS COMMITTEES: Risk Committee Technology Committee Education Bachelor s degree, Louisiana State University Master of Business Administration degree, AB Freeman School of Business, Tulane University Advanced Management Program, Harvard University Honors and Recognition 2023 Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year 2022 Spindletop Award for Industry and Community Impact 2020 All-American Wildcatter 2016 LSU Alumnus of the Year 2016 LSU Hall of Distinction Other Public Directorships and Board Leadership/Committee Assignments Oceaneering International, Inc.: Compensation Committee Former Public Directorships Held During Past Five Years Noble Corporation Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Mr. Jenkins contributes extensive public company leadership experience, including serving as a CEO of a large energy company, with deep expertise in strategic planning, capital allocation, risk management, and operational execution, which supports the Board s oversight of long-term growth, financial performance, and complex enterprise risks. Top Skills Audit/Accounting/Finance and Capital Planning Business Operations and Technology Innovation/Artificial Intelligence Corporate Governance Executive Compensation and Benefits Risk Management 16 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Retired in 2021 as the Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary of Hanesbrands Inc., a publicly traded marketer of innerwear and activewear apparel, positions that she held since 2016 Joined Hanesbrands in 2007 as Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary Served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of RARE Hospitality International, Inc. prior to joining Hanesbrands Throughout her career, has obtained extensive global leadership experience over several corporate functions for publicly traded companies including legal, human resources, corporate social responsibility, government and trade relations, real estate, corporate security, and domestic and global mergers and acquisitions INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2021 AGE: 66 REGIONS COMMITTEES: CHR Committee (Chair) NCG Committee Executive Committee Education Bachelor s degree, Duke University Master of Business Administration degree, Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania Juris Doctor degree, University of Pennsylvania School of Law Other Public Directorships and Board Leadership/Committee Assignments Global Payments Inc.: Compensation Committee; Governance and Nominating Committee Sylvamo Corporation: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; Management Development and Compensation Committee Brown Brown, Inc. Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Ms. Johnson brings extensive public company legal, governance, and executive leadership experience, with deep expertise in human capital and talent management, corporate governance, and complex transactions that supports the Board s oversight of human capital, strategy, and organizational effectiveness. Top Skills Corporate Governance Environmental Sustainability Practices Executive Compensation and Benefits Human Capital Management Regulatory Compliance Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 17 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications From 2004 until retiring in 2006, served as President of The Americas, MasterCard International, Inc. Previously served as President, MasterCard North America from 1999 to 2004, where she was responsible for building all aspects of MasterCard s issuance and acceptance business in the United States, Canada, Latin America, and the Caribbean Prior to joining MasterCard in 1999, served as Group Executive President of two electronic payment service companies, MAC Regional Network and Buypass Corporation, and upon acquisition of these companies by Concord EFS, became Senior Executive Vice President of the combined companies, where she oversaw marketing, account management, customer service, and product development Started her career at IBM, where, for more than 18 years, she served in managerial and executive positions Has broad marketing, account management, customer service, and product development experience, as well as significant domestic and international experience in growing business LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2011 AGE: 71 REGIONS COMMITTEES: CHR Committee NCG Committee (Chair) Executive Committee (Chair) Education Bachelor s (Finance) and Master of Business Administration degrees, Southern Methodist University Honors and Recognition 2018 Most Influential Corporate Directors, WomenInc. 2004 and 2005 World s 100 Most Powerful Women, Forbes.com Other Public Directorships and Board Leadership/Committee Assignments ConAgra Brands, Inc.: Executive Committee; Human Resources Committee (Chair); Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Former Public Directorships Held During Past Five Years Global Payments Inc. Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Ms. Marshall s extensive executive leadership in financial services, deep knowledge of banking operations and strategy, and long-standing Director service, including as Lead Independent Director and Chair of the NCG Committee, provide the Board with strong independent oversight, informed judgment, and valuable perspective on governance, risk, and long-term value creation in a complex regulatory environment. Top Skills Banking and Financial Services Corporate Governance Customer Focus and Community Engagement Executive Compensation and Benefits Strategic Planning and Strategy Development 18 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Primerica, Inc., a leading provider of financial products and services to middle-income households in the United States and Canada, from 2000 until 2023; continued to serve as Executive Vice President until her retirement in April 2024 Is a certified public accountant and previously worked in the audit department of KPMG LLP Serves on the University of Florida Warrington College of Business Dean s Advisory Council, where she currently is Chair, and the University of Florida Foundation National Board, for which she previously served as Chair of the Audit Committee Serves on the boards of directors of Girl Scouts of Greater Atlanta and Camp Twin Lakes INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2023 AGE: 58 REGIONS COMMITTEES: Audit Committee (Audit Committee Financial Expert) Technology Committee Education Bachelor s degree (Accounting), University of Florida Other Public Directorships and Board Leadership/Committee Assignments Reinsurance Group of America: Audit Committee; Cybersecurity and Technology Committee; Risk Committee Former Public Directorships Held During Past Five Years Warburg Pincus - SPAC IA Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Ms. Rand s extensive financial leadership experience as a public company CFO, including deep expertise in accounting, capital planning, and risk management, provide the Board with valuable insight into financial oversight, regulatory expectations, and strategic decision-making relevant to Regions operations. Top Skills Audit/Accounting/Finance and Capital Planning Banking and Financial Services Regulatory Compliance Risk Management Strategic Planning and Strategy Development Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 19 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Currently serves as Chairman of AutoZone, Inc., the leading retailer and distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the Americas Previously served as Executive Chairman of AutoZone from January 2024 to December 2025; as a Director since March 2005 and as Chairman since June 2007; and President and Chief Executive Officer from March 2005 to January 2024 During over 31-year tenure with AutoZone, served in a variety of executive-level roles, including (i) Executive Vice President overseeing store operations and commercial, (ii) Senior Vice President, Supply Chain and Information Technology, (iii) Senior Vice President, Supply Chain, (iv) Divisional Vice President of Stores, and (v) Senior Vice President of Finance Began his career with Ernst Young, serving in various capacities from 1988 to 1994 Currently serves on several industry and community boards, including the Coalition for Auto Repair Equality (Chairman), the PGA Tour Policy Board, the National Civil Rights Museum (Treasurer), and the University of Tennessee Board of Trustees INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2024 AGE: 60 REGIONS COMMITTEES: Audit Committee (Audit Committee Financial Expert) CHR Committee Education Bachelor s degree (Business Administration/Accounting), University of Tennessee at Martin Master of Business Administration degree, University of Memphis Other Public Directorships and Board Leadership/Committee Assignments AutoZone, Inc. (Chairman) Former Public Directorships Held During Past Five Years Dollar General Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Mr. Rhodes extensive executive leadership experience, combined with his deep background in finance, operations, and strategic planning, provides the Board with valuable perspective on performance oversight, capital discipline, and long-term value creation relevant to Regions business. Top Skills Audit/Accounting/Finance/Capital Planning Corporate Governance Customer Focus and Community Engagement Executive Compensation and Benefits Strategic Planning and Strategy Development 20 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Currently serves as Co-Owner of the privately held Altec Inc., a global leader that designs and manufactures products and services for the electric utility, telecommunications, and contractor markets in over 100 countries throughout the world After joining Altec Inc. in 1983, was named CEO in 1997 and Chairman in 2011; served as Chairman and CEO until October 2021, when he was named Co-Chairman, a title he held until December 31, 2024 Actively serves on the boards of many educational, civic, and leadership organizations Brings a wealth of management and business experience derived from running a large company in today s global market Education INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2003 AGE: 65 REGIONS COMMITTEES: Risk Committee Technology Committee Bachelor s degree, Northwestern University Master of Business Administration degree, Harvard University Honors and Recognition Appointed to the President s Export Council, advising the President of the United States on international trade policy, from 2006 to 2008 Served on the President s Manufacturing Council in 2017 Appointed to the President s Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations established by the U.S. Trade Representative Appointed to the Great American Economic Revival advisory counsel by the President in 2020 Other Public Directorships and Board Leadership/Committee Assignments Vulcan Materials Company: Executive Committee; Compensation Human Capital Committee; Governance Committee Former Public Directorships Held During Past Five Years Workday, Inc. Glass Houses Acquisition Corporation Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Mr. Styslinger s decades of executive leadership of a global industrial and manufacturing company provide the Board with meaningful experience in strategic planning, operational execution, talent leadership, and risk oversight across complex, highly regulated markets. Top Skills Audit/Accounting/Finance and Capital Planning Corporate Governance Human Capital Management Risk Management Strategic Planning and Strategy Development Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 21 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Currently serves as the Chairman and CEO of the privately held Pan-American Life Insurance Group ( PALIG ), a leading provider of insurance and financial services throughout the Americas and whose flagship member is New Orleans-based Pan-American Life Insurance Company; has served as Chairman since 2008 Prior to joining PALIG as President and CEO in November 2004, held senior management posts in the insurance industry for more than three decades, including serving as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Distribution Officer of AXA Financial In December 2016, completed his term as a member of the board of directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, for which he served as Chairman of the Retail Payments Office Oversight Committee Previously served on the board for the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, New Orleans Branch Director at the privately held Ochsner Health System, Louisiana s largest nonprofit academic healthcare system, where he serves on the Compensation Committee and the Audit and Oversight Committee Completed his second and final term on the board of directors of The American Council of Life Insurers in 2019 His dedication to the United States Hispanic community, as well as to the pursuit of product innovation and sales force expansion, have positioned PALIG as the company that Hispanics throughout the Americas rely on to protect their financial security and well-being Involved in various professional and industry associations Brings a strong background in enterprise risk management and a commitment to innovation and operational excellence INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2017 AGE: 69 REGIONS COMMITTEES: Audit Committee (Chair; Audit Committee Financial Expert) Risk Committee (Risk Management Expert) Executive Committee Education Bachelor s degree, Fordham University Master of Business Administration degree, University of Miami Honors and Recognition Included in the Latinos on Boards feature of Latino Leaders magazine for 2018 through 2020 Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Mr. Suquet s long tenure as Chairman and CEO of a major life insurance enterprise, together with his experience on the board of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta and deep expertise in enterprise risk management, financial services operations, and capital oversight, provide the Board with valuable perspective on risk, regulation, and long-term strategic growth relevant to Regions business. Top Skills Audit/Accounting/Finance and Capital Planning Corporate Governance Executive Compensation and Benefits Risk Management Strategic Planning and Strategy Development 22 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Currently serves as the Chairman, President and CEO of Regions Financial Corporation and Regions Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and leads the Company s Management Policymaking Committee and Executive Leadership Team Named President in December 2017, CEO in July 2018, and Chairman in April 2024; was appointed to the Board in July 2018 Before being named President, served as Head of the Corporate Bank, a role he took on in 2014 Joined Regions in 2011 as President of the South Region, leading banking operations in Alabama, Mississippi, South Louisiana, and the Florida Panhandle Before joining Regions, he was named president of Whitney National Bank and Whitney Holding Corporation in 2008 and was elected to the bank s and holding company s boards of directors Before that, was responsible for all geographic line banking functions across Whitney and served as its Eastern Region President Joined Whitney in 1994 as its Alabama Regional President after nine years at AmSouth Bank, where he held senior consumer, commercial, and business positions Serves on the Business Council of Alabama, Birmingham Business Alliance, Economic Development Partnership of Alabama, A Plus Education Foundation, United Way of Central Alabama, and Infirmary Health System boards In 2024, was appointed by Governor Kay Ivey as a member of the Alabama Growth Alliance, is a former chairman of the Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce, the Mobile Area Education Foundation, and the United Way of Southwest Alabama, and is a former board member of Leadership Mobile CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER DIRECTOR SINCE: 2018 AGE: 64 REGIONS COMMITTEES: Executive Committee Education Bachelor s degree (Economics), University of Georgia Honors and Recognition Graduate, Leadership Alabama Other Public Directorships and Board Leadership/Committee Assignments Southern Company Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Mr. Turner s extensive leadership experience across Regions business lines, including his service as Chairman, President and CEO, provides the Board with deep institutional knowledge, strategic insight into the banking industry, and a strong understanding of the Company s operations, stakeholders, risk profile, and long-term growth priorities. Top Skills Banking and Financial Services Customer Focus and Community Engagement Regulatory Compliance Risk Management Strategic Planning and Strategy Development Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 23 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Key Experience and Qualifications Currently serves as the President and CEO of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Alabama ( BCBSAL ), a not-for-profit, independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association and the largest provider of healthcare benefits in Alabama Serves on the Board of Directors of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association, for which he served as Chairman from November 2021 to November 2023, and now serves as the Chair of the Compensation Committee, and a member of the Organization and Governance Committee and the Health Policy and Advocacy Committee Served as BCBSAL s President and Chief Operating Officer from November 2017 through March 2018 before being named its President and CEO in April 2018 Held BCBSAL s Executive Vice President position from March through November of 2017 Served as BCBSAL s Chief Administrative Officer from August 2012 through March 2017 Serves as Vice Chair of the Board and the Governance and Nominating Committee, Chair of the Strategy and Risk Committee, and a member of the Finance, Compliance and Audit Committee of Prime Therapeutics LLC, a pharmacy benefit management company owned jointly by several Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, including BCBSAL Worked in banking for over five years after graduating college Remains very active in the community through his involvement with multiple nonprofit and charitable organizations, including service on the boards of the Birmingham Business Alliance, Leadership Birmingham, Economic Development Partnership of Alabama, Prosper, Business Council of Alabama, and Mercy Deliverance Ministries Serves as honorary trustee for the board of trustees at Samford University in Birmingham, Alabama; previously served as Chair Possesses an extensive understanding of operating a large company within a highly regulated industry INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2018 AGE: 60 REGIONS COMMITTEES: Audit Committee (Audit Committee Financial Expert) CHR Committee Education Bachelor s degree (Finance), Auburn University Why the Board Recommends this Nominee Mr. Vines experience leading a large, highly regulated healthcare organization, together with his background in finance and executive leadership, provides the Board with valuable perspective on risk management, regulatory environments, human capital matters, and long-term strategic planning. Top Skills Audit/Accounting/Finance and Capital Planning Customer Focus and Community Engagement Executive Compensation and Benefits Human Capital Management Strategic Planning and Strategy Development 24 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Compensation Our Director Compensation Program for independent Directors is designed to: Pay Directors fairly for the work required at a company of Regions size and scope; Align Directors interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders; and Be simple, transparent, and easy for shareholders to understand. The Compensation and Human Resources ( CHR ) Committee, in conjunction with its independent compensation consultant, periodically reviews the compensation of the non-management Directors and recommends any changes to the Board. After completing its review in April 2025, in order to ensure that the Director Compensation Program remains competitive, fair, and aligned with the long-term interests of our shareholders, the CHR Committee recommended an increase in the Annual Equity Retainer, the CHR Committee Chair Retainer, and the Audit and Risk Committee Member Retainers. The following table describes all of the components of the 2025 Director Compensation Program as approved by the Board, effective as of April 16, 2025, unless otherwise stated below: Compensation Element (1) Compensation Amount Annual Cash Retainer (2) $100,000 Annual Equity Retainer (3) $145,000 in RSUs granted three business days following the annual shareholder meeting, the number determined by dividing the dollar value by the closing price of Regions stock on the grant date and rounding down to the nearest whole share, and that vest at the next annual shareholder meeting Additional Annual Retainer for Lead Independent Director $50,000 Additional Annual Retainer for Committee Chairs (4) $40,000 Audit Committee $30,000 CHR Committee $25,000 NCG Committee $40,000 Risk Committee $25,000 Technology Committee $10,000 Special and Ad Hoc Committees, as applicable $35,000 Special Litigation Committee, established November 17, 2025 Additional Annual Retainer for Committee Members of Audit and Risk (exclusive of each Committee Chair) (5) $15,000 Additional Annual Retainer for Committee Members of CHR, NCG, and Technology (exclusive of each Committee Chair; including Special and Ad Hoc Committees, as applicable) (5) $10,000 Additional Annual Retainer for Committee Members of Special Litigation Committee, established November 17, 2025 $25,000 (1) The cash and equity retainers may be deferred at the Director s option in accordance with the Regions Financial Corporation Directors Deferred Investment Plan and the Regions Financial Corporation Directors Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Plan, respectively. (2) Any non-management Director who becomes a Director between annual shareholder meetings will receive a prorated portion for the term during which he or she joined the Board beginning with the quarterly payment for the quarter during which the non-management Director is appointed as a member of the Board. (3) Any non-management Director who becomes a Director between annual shareholder meetings will receive a prorated portion for the term during which he or she joined the Board based on the number of months served during the term. (4) Any non-management Director who becomes the chair of a committee between annual shareholder meetings will receive a prorated portion for the term during which he or she becomes the chair of the committee beginning with the quarterly payment for the quarter during which the non-management Director is appointed as the chair of the relevant committee (in lieu of the quarterly annual retainer for committee membership if applicable). (5) Any non-management Director who becomes a member of a committee between annual shareholder meetings will receive a prorated portion for the term during which he or she joined the committee beginning with the quarterly payment for the quarter during which the non-management Director is appointed as a member of the relevant committee. Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 25 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Under the Regions 2025 Long Term Incentive Plan, compensation to any non-management Director solely for their service as a non-management Director is limited to $750,000, which includes both the value of any awards and any cash compensation. HOW THE REGIONS FINANCIAL CORPORATION DIRECTORS DEFERRED INVESTMENT PLAN WORKS Under the Regions Financial Corporation Directors Deferred Investment Plan (the Investment Plan ), non-management Directors may voluntarily elect to defer some or all of their cash compensation. The cash compensation is deferred until the time of payment elected by the Director or earlier in the event of a Director s death or a change in control of the Company. Amounts deferred prior to 2021 are held in a bookkeeping account that is credited with notional shares of Regions common stock, and any dividends paid on common stock are credited to the account as additional notional shares of common stock. Beginning with amounts deferred in 2021, a Director may elect to have deferred amounts notionally invested in investments similar to those available to participants in the Regions Financial Corporation Non-Qualified Excess 401(k) Plan, in addition to Regions common stock. Any earnings and losses attributable to the underlying notional investments will be credited to the Director s account. Then at the end of the deferral period, the Director s account will be settled in cash. HOW RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS WORK The Annual Equity Retainer is paid in RSUs. Directors have the option to defer receipt of their RSUs in the Directors Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Plan. If a Director makes a timely election, his or her RSUs will be notionally credited to an account in the Director s name. Dividend equivalents, if any, also are notionally credited to the Director s account as of the date any cash dividends are paid with respect to the common stock underlying the RSUs and are converted into additional RSUs. The deferred RSUs are paid in shares of Regions common stock on a date designated by the Director, which may be the date he or she terminates service as a Director or an anniversary of the date on which the RSUs were granted (but no later than the tenth anniversary of the grant date). Payment of the deferred RSUs is accelerated in the event of a Director s death or a change in control of the Company. HOW THE REGIONS MATCHING GIFTS PROGRAM WORKS FOR DIRECTORS Directors, as well as members of the Company s Executive Leadership Team and all other associates, are eligible to participate in our Matching Gifts Program. Under this program for Directors and Executives, Regions will match, dollar for dollar, gifts of $50 or more, up to a total of $5,000 per year, to eligible tax-exempt organizations that must have a primary mission that clearly fits one of these six categories: education and workforce readiness; economic and community development; financial wellness; arts and culture; service members/veterans organizations; and individuals with disabilities. 26 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS COMPENSATION PAID IN 2025 TO INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS The following table contains information about the compensation paid to the independent Directors who served during 2025: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Mark A. Crosswhite 125,000 144,989 5,000 274,989 Noopur Davis 123,750 144,989 268,739 Zhanna Golodryga 143,750 144,989 288,739 J. Thomas Hill 120,000 144,989 264,989 Roger W. Jenkins (1) 130,000 188,299 318,299 Joia M. Johnson 143,750 144,989 5,000 293,739 Ruth Ann Marshall 190,000 144,989 5,000 339,989 James T. Prokopanko 155,000 144,989 299,989 Alison S. Rand 131,250 144,989 276,239 William C. Rhodes, III 133,750 144,989 278,739 Lee J. Styslinger, III 123,750 144,989 5,000 273,739 Jos S. Suquet 158,750 144,989 303,739 Timothy Vines 125,000 144,989 68,526 338,515 (1) Cash and equity compensation was prorated to reflect partial term of service. Mr. Jenkins joined the Board effective January 1, 2025. (2) The amounts presented in this column represent, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, the grant date fair value of the 2025 RSU award made to all independent Directors in service on April 21, 2025. The grant date fair value of the RSUs awarded on April 21, 2025, was $19.09 per share. All RSUs awarded April 21, 2025 are scheduled to vest in one lump sum on the date of the 2026 Annual Meeting. In addition, Mr. Jenkins received a prorated RSU award when appointed to Regions Board on January 1, 2025. The grant date fair value of the RSUs awarded to Mr. Jenkins on January 2, 2025, was $23.26 per share, and such RSUs vested in one lump sum on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting. (3) The amounts presented in this column for Mr. Crosswhite, Ms. Johnson, Ms. Marshall, and Mr. Styslinger reflect matching charitable gifts made by each Director through the Regions Matching Gifts Program. The amount presented in this column for Mr. Vines represents a payment to Mr. Vines as part of a correction of an administrative oversight to release shares to Mr. Vines in 2024. Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 27 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The table below sets forth those independent Directors who served during 2025 and who had RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2025, and the number of RSUs outstanding as of that date. Regions has not granted stock options since 2011, and none of the independent Directors had stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2025. Name Outstanding Restricted Stock Units (#) (1) Mark A. Crosswhite 22,951 Noopur Davis 7,751 Zhanna Golodryga 22,951 J. Thomas Hill 14,986 Roger W. Jenkins 7,751 Joia M. Johnson 14,766 Ruth Ann Marshall 61,836 James T. Prokopanko 61,836 Alison S. Rand 14,986 William C. Rhodes, III 7,751 Lee J. Styslinger, III 61,836 Jos S. Suquet 61,836 Timothy Vines 51,757 (1) The amounts presented in this column represent outstanding RSUs and dividend equivalents, if any, that have been notionally credited to the Director s account as of the date any cash dividends were paid with respect to the common stock underlying the RSUs. 28 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Roadmap Regions approach to corporate governance is grounded in our commitment to doing what is right and maintaining the trust of our shareholders, customers, associates, and communities. While complying with laws and regulations is essential, the Board and management team view this as only a starting point. Our focus is on thoughtful, proactive governance guided by our values, informed by stakeholder feedback, and designed to support long term performance and accountability. To make our governance program clear and easy to navigate, this section is organized into five parts that reflect how the Board carries out its responsibilities: Board Composition and Effectiveness; Board Leadership, Independence, and Committee Structure; Board Oversight Responsibilities; Shareholder Engagement and Board Responsiveness; and Governance Practices. Together, these components illustrate how the Board builds the right foundation, maintains strong independent leadership, and puts governance into action through transparent oversight, stakeholder engagement, and a strong framework of policies and expectations. For a summary of our key corporate governance practices, see Corporate Governance Highlights . Board Composition and Effectiveness How we build and continuously assess the Board so it has the right experience, knowledge, and judgment to oversee management . This section covers Director qualification criteria, the NCG Committee s refreshment and recruitment process, onboarding and continuing education, and our annual Board, Committee, and individual Director self-evaluation process. See pages 30 - 32 Board Leadership, Independence, and Committee Structure How the Board is led and organized to ensure strong, independent oversight . This section explains our leadership model, including the roles of the Chair and Lead Independent Director, committee structure, responsibilities, and meetings, and why the Board believes this design supports effective governance at Regions. See pages 33 - 44 B oard Over sight Responsibilities How the Board oversees the most significant aspects of Regions business . This section describes the allocation of oversight responsibilities across the Board and its committees, including risk, strategy, capital planning, technology, human capital management, and corporate responsibility. See pages 45 - 48 Shareholder Engag ement and Board Responsiveness How the Board engages with shareholders and responds to feedback . This section addresses the Company s year round shareholder engagement program and the Board s responsiveness to input, including shareholder proposals. This section also explains how shareholders and other interested parties may contact our management and Board. See pages 49 - 51 Governance Practices The policies, documents, and practices that support strong governance at Regions . This section includes descriptions of our Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics, General Policy on Insider Trading, Related Person Transactions Policy, Regulation O policies and procedures, and other practices that ensure effective governance and compliance. See pages 52 - 54 A Comprehensive Approach to Corporate Governance Effective governance begins with a capable Board, an independent leadership structure, and transparent oversight practices all designed to support stakeholders and strengthen the Company s long term performance. Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 29 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Composition and Effectiveness The Board and its NCG Committee focus on maintaining a Board composition that supports effective oversight and sound decision making. Our approach includes clear qualification standards, disciplined refreshment, structured onboarding and education, and meaningful annual self evaluations to drive continuous improvement. The result is a Board that is well balanced, forward looking, and consistently prepared to meet its oversight responsibilities. DIRECTOR NOMINEE CRITERIA The NCG Committee is charged with identifying, evaluating, and recommending to the Board individuals whom it believes are qualified to become Directors. The Board has not adopted a formal written policy regarding diversity. The NCG Committee will consider and assess candidates consistent with criteria established by the Board and set forth in the Corporate Governance Principles and will take into consideration pertinent factors bearing on the qualifications of candidates in light of such criteria. The NCG Committee also assesses candidates for directorship in the context of the current composition of the Board and Regions evolving needs. The NCG Committee strives for the Board to reflect a range of talents, ages, skills, backgrounds, and expertise sufficient to provide sound and prudent guidance and oversight with respect to Regions operations and strategy. Additionally, when searching for new candidates, the NCG Committee shall endeavor to seek highly qualified candidates possessing a range of backgrounds, perspectives, and personal characteristics. Commitment to Strong Board Composition Regions Corporate Governance Principles provide that the Board will seek members who combine a broad spectrum of experience and expertise with a reputation for integrity, such that the Board will maintain an appropriate mix of skills and characteristics to meet the needs of the Company. Directors should have experience in positions with a high degree of responsibility, serve as leaders in the companies or institutions with which they are affiliated, and be selected based upon contributions they can make to the Board and the Company. In addition to the items specified in the Corporate Governance Principles, the NCG Committee considers the technical and professional skills nominees have gained through their professional and leadership roles. Such skills may include, but are not limited to, those listed in the skills descriptions following the Board Skills Matrix . The NCG Committee selects candidates who possess the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity, and values, and candidates must be committed to representing the long-term interests of Regions shareholders. The NCG Committee considers tenure when making decisions with respect to Director nominations. Current tenure represented on the Board is well balanced among newer and more seasoned Directors, with the average Director nominee tenure being approximately 7.0 years and approximately 85% of the nominees serving for 10 or fewer years. Our longer-serving Directors have vital expertise and institutional knowledge that provide the Board with a better understanding of our business and ability to oversee management. The NCG Committee believes that this knowledge and perspective, especially when counterbalanced with fresh viewpoints of newer Directors, continues to generate long-term value for all of our stakeholders. These factors, along with other considerations such as the results from the self-evaluation process and independence findings, are part of the total mix of items evaluated by the NCG Committee and Board when making nomination determinations. For more information, see the Board Evaluations and Director Independence subsections of Corporate Governance. DIRECTOR SUCCESSION PLANNING AND BOARD REFRESHMENT Our Board and NCG Committee maintain a structured, year-round approach to Director succession and refreshment. The Committee regularly assesses current and anticipated Board needs and uses a variety of tools to identify areas where additional skills or experience would strengthen oversight. Over the last several years, this intentional approach has resulted in a well balanced and highly engaged Board aligned with Regions strategy and operating environment. When a refreshment need is identified, the NCG Committee evaluates potential candidates through a comprehensive vetting process that includes assessing the skills and expertise most relevant to the Board s forward looking needs, reviewing other boards on which the candidate serves, and considering any potential conflicts of interest. 30 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following chart provides an overview of the Board s process for identifying, evaluating, appointing, and onboarding new Directors: Identification of Candidates Assessment, Interviews, and Discussions Recommendation and Appointment Onboarding The NCG Committee reviews candidates identified by independent Directors; an independent search firm; associates and management; shareholders; and self-recommendations, among other sources. The NCG Committee considers the candidate s qualifications and attributes in light of Board needs; due diligence research conducted on the candidate; the candidate s independence; input from other Directors following interviews with the candidate; and the candidate s other commitments. Upon recommendation of the NCG Committee, the Board determines whether to appoint the candidate and optimal committee placement. Regions comprehensive onboarding program involves a combination of presentations, meetings with management, and Director mentorship. The onboarding process is more fully described in the Director Onboarding and Education section. DIRECTOR ONBOARDING AND EDUCATION Our Board recognizes that Director onboarding and ongoing education programs are essential to Board effectiveness. Regions codified Director Onboarding and Ongoing Education Program, which is reviewed annually by the NCG Committee, combines structured onboarding for new Directors with year round education tailored to the oversight demands of a complex financial institution. In 2025, the NCG Committee approved an enhanced Director Onboarding and Ongoing Education Program document that better reflects best practices and improves clarity around Director education expectations, as well as codifies the NCG Committee s long-standing practice of tracking individual Directors completed education. Regions Board maintains a codified Director Onboarding and Ongoing Education Program that supports Director readiness to oversee the strategy, operations, risks, and governance of a complex financial institution. Onboarding Regions comprehensive onboarding program is designed to help new Directors become effective contributors to the Board s oversight responsibilities quickly and confidently. The program begins with onboarding activities and includes a thorough orientation process that acclimates new Directors to Regions, the Board, its committees, and management. Director onboarding involves a combination of written materials, presentations, and meetings with members of the Board, management, and other appropriate associates, and continues over an extended period of time. Topics for orientation are tailored to areas material to the Company s business and include an in-depth review of Regions strategic plan and business model, financial performance, capital planning, regulatory obligations, and enterprise risk management framework, as well as detailed committee-specific training. New Directors are also assigned a seasoned Director mentor who provides context, background, and practical insight into Board processes, culture, and expectations. In addition, new Directors typically serve on either the Risk Committee or the Audit Committee, where they gain early exposure to the Company s financial reporting, capital, liquidity, regulatory, and risk oversight responsibilities. When assigned to a new committee, existing Directors are provided with committee-specific training similar to that given to new Directors, so that the new committee member is up to speed on committee matters. Ongoing Education Regions Director education program is designed to keep Directors current and effective on matters relevant to their responsibilities as members of the Regions Board. Education occurs throughout the year and is integrated with Board and committee agendas, combining in house briefings by management and internal subject matter experts with periodic presentations by external experts, including tabletop exercises. Core areas include complex products and lines of business; significant risks and compliance; legal, regulatory, and supervisory developments (including Directors fiduciary duties); cyber and information security (including AI); corporate governance practices; and industry trends. In addition, the Board receives a dedicated annual compliance training session, with ad hoc compliance trainings as appropriate. Directors are further Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 31 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE encouraged to participate in external conferences and on demand programs that deepen their understanding of the financial services industry and Board responsibilities, and Directors also receive periodic written education materials between meetings. To promote accountability and continuous improvement, Director education, both internal and external, is tracked and reported, and a year to date education log is provided to the NCG Committee during each meeting cycle as part of its responsibility for monitoring orientation and continuing education. BOARD EVALUATIONS Each year the NCG Committee oversees the self-evaluation process for our Board, its committees, and individual Directors. This process ensures the Board and its committees are functioning effectively to create shared value for the Company s stakeholders and is one of several inputs the Board considers when forming the slate of Director nominees for each annual meeting. Regions Board views meaningful annual self evaluation as an essential component of maintaining an engaged, independent, and high performing Board. Our evaluation process combines electronic questionnaires, one on one Director discussions, and facilitated group conversations, supported by a third party board advisory service that compiles and analyzes feedback. This modernized, multi layered approach produces constructive and actionable insights that inform Board refreshment, strengthen Board dynamics, and drive continuous improvement in how the Board and its committees operate. The following chart further describes the Board s self-evaluation process: Continually Enhanced Self-Evaluations Before each annual self-evaluation, the NCG Committee considers enhancements to ensure continued effectiveness and incorporate prior-year feedback. In 2024, the NCG Committee enhanced the process by adopting an electronic questionnaire and third-party analysis. In 2025, based on Director feedback, the NCG Committee added additional open-ended questions to elicit deeper commentary. Electronic Evaluation Questionnaire Directors complete an electronic questionnaire assessing Board and committee effectiveness across categories such as ethics and accountability; composition, refreshment, and culture; meetings and administration; the Board s independence and relationship to management; oversight of strategy; risk management oversight; succession planning and human capital management; industry knowledge; and Committee responsibilities. Detailed Reporting and Analysis A third-party board advisory firm compiles and analyzes responses and provides a confidential report, which is provided to all Directors in advance of the evaluation discussions and includes heat maps, priority graphs, a SWOT analysis, and other graphics to assist in the Directors assessment of Board effectiveness. One-on-One Discussions The Lead Independent Director conducts one on one discussions with each Director to gather candid feedback. Committee Chairs also hold individual discussions with members of their committees, with summary themes shared with the full Board as appropriate. Committee and Full Board Discussions Committee level discussions inform the full Board s self evaluation, with the Lead Independent Director facilitating the Board discussion. Focus on Outcomes The NCG Committee and Lead Independent Director monitor relevant follow-up actions. In 2025, as a direct result of the self-evaluation process, management streamlined Board materials to ensure Directors have all the relevant information necessary to support their oversight responsibilities. Ongoing Evaluations Directors are encouraged to raise any topics related to the self-evaluation with the Chair of the NCG Committee, the Chair of an applicable committee, the Lead Independent Director, or with the whole Board, as appropriate, at any time. 32 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Leadership, Independence, and Committee Structure Regions Board is designed for effectiveness and independent oversight through a leadership structure tailored to the Company s needs, rigorous independence standards, and a committee structure that focuses on each committee s core responsibilities, while maintaining coordinated oversight. Each year, the Board evaluates its structure based on the requirements of the NYSE listing standards, our Corporate Governance Principles, shareholder expectations, and an assessment of current needs. As a result, our Board structure combines an experienced Board Chair with a Lead Independent Director who has strong oversight responsibilities, and five standing committees composed entirely of independent Directors with a broad range of characteristics, backgrounds, and experiences. This framework, together with the Board s annual independence determinations and clearly defined committee charters, supports independent oversight, informed decision making, and accountability to shareholders. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE The Board carefully considers its leadership structure each year in consultation with the NCG Committee as part of its ongoing refreshment and succession planning process. We have not adopted a policy mandating the separation of the Chair and CEO positions. Rather, the Board believes that its leadership structure should be flexible based on its evaluation of the best interests of Regions and our stakeholders at any given time. Consistent with this approach, the Board s risk oversight framework, as described in the Board Oversight Responsibilities section, supports effective performance under the current leadership structure. After undertaking an evaluation of the present needs of the Company in light of the Board s commitment to maintaining robust independent leadership, the Board continues to believe that the Company s interests are best served at this time by John Turner, its President and CEO, serving as Chair of the Board and Ruth Ann Marshall serving as Lead Independent Director. Elements Considered When Evaluating the Board s Leadership Structure Comprehensive Corporate Governance Principles that Promote Independent Board Oversight Corporate Governance Trends Regarding Board Leadership Structure, Particularly Among Peers Independence of Directors and Standing Committee Chairs and Members Robust Responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director Shareholder Input through Engagement, Voting Policies, and Voting Results Why This Structure Fits Regions Today This leadership structure is a beneficial and effective option for the Company at this time because it capitalizes on Mr. Turner s deep knowledge of the Company s operations, risks, and strategy, as well as his over seven years of experience on the Board, to provide a critical link between the Board s oversight and the day-to-day operations of the Company. This continuity allows management and the Board to function efficiently and to collaborate in fulfilling the Company s goals and strategies. The Company also benefits from Ms. Marshall s extensive Board experience and record of leadership, both on the Board as Chair of the NCG Committee and Lead Independent Director, and from her external experiences. Ms. Marshall s long tenure as a senior executive in the financial services industry has provided her with a considerable understanding of issues unique to financial institutions and positions her as a well-qualified, well-informed choice for Lead Independent Director. Lead Independent Director Responsibilities Our Corporate Governance Principles assign robust duties and responsibilities to the Lead Independent Director, which facilitate independent oversight of management and clear accountability to Regions stakeholders. The following describes the Lead Independent Director s key responsibilities: Presides at Board meetings when the Board Chair is not present Chairs the Executive Committee of the Board Regularly communicates with and provides guidance to the CEO on a variety of issues, including business strategy and succession planning Establishes the agenda for and presides at executive sessions of the Board s independent Directors Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 33 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Reviews and approves meeting agendas for the Board and its committees, in consultation with the Board Chair Maintains close contact with the chair of each standing committee of the Board and serves as a non-voting ex-officio participant on each committee where they are not a member Requests input from other independent Directors on Board agenda items Monitors Board discussions to ensure that they demonstrate an effective challenge of management Coordinates with the Board Chair on Director development and education Acts as a liaison and facilitates communication among independent Directors Provides leadership to the Board in a time of emergency or crisis, in the absence of or in coordination with the Board Chair Acts as a sounding board and advisor to the Board Chair If requested by major shareholders or regulators, ensures they are available for consultation and direct communication, and represents the independent Directors with other stakeholders when necessary In addition to ongoing discussions throughout the year, conducts formal one-on-one discussions as part of the annual Director self-evaluation process DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Our Board is committed to maintaining objective, independent oversight of management in upholding its responsibilities to our shareholders and in carrying out the strategic objectives of Regions. The value we place on the independence of our Directors is reflected in our corporate governance documents, Board committee charters, annual independence review of our Board members, and the strong, independent leadership of our Lead Independent Director. The Board, on an annual basis, affirmatively determines the independence of each Director and nominee for election as a Director by applying the NYSE s listing standards and the standards set forth in our Corporate Governance Principles. For a Director to be considered an independent director under the NYSE s listing standards, our Board must make an affirmative determination that such Director does not have a material relationship with Regions (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization that has a relationship with Regions). The NYSE s listing standards also include bright-line tests that preclude a determination of independence. To aid in conducting this evaluation, our Corporate Governance Principles describe relationships and transactions involving Regions that, in the absence of unusual facts and circumstances, are presumptively not material for independence purposes in that they would not impair a Director s exercise of independent judgment or compromise the oversight role that an independent Director is expected to perform for the Company. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Principles, a majority of our Board must be independent. In addition, in accordance with our Board committee charters and applicable law, members of the Audit Committee, the CHR Committee, and the NCG Committee must meet the independence requirements of the NYSE and the SEC, as well as any other applicable laws, rules, and regulations governing independence. Pursuant to the charters of the Risk Committee and the Technology Committee, the members of such committees must also qualify as independent under the NYSE s listing standards and other applicable laws, rules, and regulations governing independence. Board Independence Determinations In February 2026, the Board and NCG Committee conducted their annual review of each Director s independence. The Board, based upon the recommendation of the NCG Committee, affirmatively determined that each Director is an independent Director, other than John M. Turner, Jr., Regions Chairman, President and CEO. Accordingly, all members of the Audit Committee, the CHR Committee, the NCG Committee, the Risk Committee, and the Technology Committee are independent directors within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. The following current Directors have been affirmatively determined by the Board to be independent: Mark A. Crosswhite; Noopur Davis; Zhanna Golodryga; J. Thomas Hill; Roger W. Jenkins; Joia M. Johnson; Ruth Ann Marshall; James T. Prokopanko; Alison S. Rand; William C. Rhodes, III; Lee J. Styslinger, III; Jos S. Suquet; and Timothy Vines. Director Turner is employed by Regions. Therefore, under the NYSE bright-line material relationship tests, he was determined not to be independent. As such, he is not considered in the remaining independence determinations that follow. Transactions With Directors The following chart reflects transactions and relationships, as applicable, between Regions and: 34 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE our non-management Directors or their immediate family members; a company or charitable organization of which the non-management Director or the Director s immediate family member is, or was during 2025, a partner, officer, or employee; or a company in which the non-management Director or the Director s immediate family member holds a significant ownership position. All of these transactions were considered by our Board in making its determination with respect to each of our non-management Directors independence. In each case, the Board concluded that, in light of the applicable independence standards of the NYSE and the description of relationships and transactions contained in the Corporate Governance Principles, such relationships would not be considered to impair any of these Directors individual exercise of independent judgment or compromise the oversight role that an independent Director of Regions is expected to perform, and therefore, are not material. Ordinary Course Customer Relationships (1) Loans or Extensions of Credit (2) Charitable Contributions (3) Other Relationships (4) Family Relationships (5) Mark A. Crosswhite n n n n None Noopur Davis None None None n None Zhanna Golodryga n None None None None J. Thomas Hill n None n n None Roger W Jenkins n n n None None Joia M. Johnson None None n n None Ruth Ann Marshall n None None n None James T. Prokopanko None None None n None Alison S. Rand None None n None None William C. Rhodes, III None None n n None Lee J. Styslinger, III n n n n None Jos S. Suquet None None None None None Timothy Vines n n n n None (1) Ordinary Course customer relationships are transactions or relationships with Regions or its subsidiaries, such as deposit, brokerage, trust, or other financial services relationships in the ordinary course of Regions banking and/or brokerage business, that are established and administered on terms and conditions no more favorable than those afforded to any similarly situated customer. (2) Includes a loan or extension of credit, including credit card accounts, that was made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons; involves no more than the normal risk of collectability; and presents no other unfavorable features. (3) Directors serve solely as a member of the board of directors of a charitable organization to which Regions or its subsidiaries made charitable contributions of less than the greater of $1 million or 2% of such organization s consolidated gross revenues. (4) Other relationships include: (a) service by Director Styslinger as an advisor to the board of directors of Workday (Regions engaged Workday for services in 2025); (b) service as only a director by: Directors Johnson and Marshall (before her retirement from its board in 2025) at Global Payments Inc. (in January 2026, Regions announced a collaboration with Worldpay, a Global Payments company, to support Regions business clients); and Directors Johnson, Marshall, Prokopanko, and Styslinger at companies that, along with certain of their subsidiaries, are customers of Regions for typical commercial banking products and services in the ordinary course of business pursuant to our customary terms and conditions; (c) Regions arm s-length business relationships with companies that conduct ordinary course and customary business with Regions: Comcast Cable, for whom Director Davis serves as a non-executive officer; Vulcan Materials Company, for whom Director Hill served as Chairman and CEO in 2025; AutoZone, for whom Director Rhodes served as Executive Chairman in 2025; Altec Inc., in which Director Styslinger holds a significant ownership percentage; and Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Alabama, for whom Director Vines serves as an executive officer; (d) Regions ordinary-course employment relationship, in a capacity other than as an executive officer, with an immediate family member of Director Crosswhite; and (e) Directors Hill, Prokopanko, and Styslinger s common service on the board of Vulcan Materials Company, where Director Hill also serves as an executive officer; and Directors Johnson and Marshall s common service on the board of Global Payments Inc. (Director Marshall retired from the board of Global Payments Inc. in 2025). (5) No immediate family relationship exists between any of our Directors or executive officers and any other Directors or executive officers. Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement 35 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Additional Determinations Made By The Board The Board has affirmatively determined that each of Directors Rand, Rhodes, Suquet, and Vines satisfies the definition of an audit committee financial expert set out in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, that each member of the Audit Committee continues to qualify for membership on the Audit Committee under SEC rules and the NYSE s listing standards, and that each member of the Audit Committee is independent under the NYSE s listing standards, including the heightened independence requirements of Exchange Act Rule 10A-3. Additionally, each of Directors Rand, Rhodes, Suquet, and Vines has accounting or related financial management expertise as described in Section 303A.07 of the NYSE s Listed Company Manual, and banking or related financial management expertise as defined by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991. In addition, the Board has determined that each member of the CHR Committee satisfies the heightened independence tests required by the NYSE s listing standards and qualifies as a non-employee director for purposes of Section 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. The Board has also determined that Director Suquet is a risk management expert as defined by Regulation YY, which implements certain of the enhanced prudential standards mandated by Section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act. Lastly, all members of Regions standing committees satisfy the independence tests promulgated by the NYSE. 36 Regions Financial Corporation | 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Each of the Board s standing committees meets on at least a quarterly basis and operates under separate written charters approved by the Board annually. Each standing committee reviews and reassesses its charter on an annual basis to ensure alignment with evolving regulatory expectations, as well as Regions mission, vision, and strategic priorities. Each committee may form, and delegate authority to, subcommittees or, alternatively, to one or more committee members. Our By-Laws also authorize the Board to create other committees as needed. The Board has also established an Executive Committee , which has 