=== RF_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Our businesses have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally. Fluctuations in market interest rates, including the level and shape of the yield curve, may adversely affect our performance. If we experience greater credit losses in our loan portfolios than anticipated, our earnings may be materially adversely affected. Any future reductions in our credit ratings may increase our funding costs and place limitations on business activities. Changes in the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. We may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market conditions. Ineffective liquidity management could adversely affect our financial results and condition. Loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase our funding costs. We rely on the mortgage secondary market to manage various risks. We are at risk of a variety of systems failures or errors and cyber-attacks or other similar incidents that could adversely affect customer experience and our business and financial performance. We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding privacy and cybersecurity, which could increase the cost of doing business, compliance risks and potential liability. We will continually encounter technological change and must effectively anticipate, develop and implement new technology. The development and use of AI presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. Industry competition, including competition from decentralized finance platforms, cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies could disrupt our business model and adversely affect our revenues, market share or liquidity. Our operations are concentrated primarily in the South, Midwest and Texas, and adverse changes in the economic conditions in this region can adversely affect our financial results and condition. Weakness in the residential real estate markets could adversely affect our performance. Weakness in the commercial real estate markets could adversely affect our performance. Risks associated with home equity products where we are in a second lien position could adversely affect our performance. Weakness in commodity businesses could adversely affect our performance. An outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region could have a material adverse effect on the U.S. economy and on our businesses. We are subject to a variety of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by internal or external parties, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 6 Table of Contents We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties. We are exposed to risk of environmental liability when we take title to property. We can be negatively affected if we fail to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services and delivery platforms. Enhanced regulatory and other standards for the oversight of vendors and other service providers can result in higher costs and other potential exposures. We are, and may in the future be, subject to claims and litigation calling into question our right to use the intellectual property underlying certain technology in our business. Weather-related events, pandemics and other natural or man-made disasters could cause a disruption in our operations or lead to other consequences that could adversely impact our financial results and condition. These impacts could be intensified by climate change. Heightening focus on climate change may also carry transition risks that could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to sociopolitical risks that could adversely affect our business, reputation and the trading price of our common stock. Damage to our reputation could significantly harm our businesses. We are, and may in the future be, subject to litigation, investigations and governmental proceedings that may result in liabilities adversely affecting our financial condition, business or results of operations or in reputational harm. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and our business model. We are subject to a variety of risks in connection with any sale of loans we may conduct. We may be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements. Rulemaking changes and regulatory initiatives implemented by the CFPB may result in higher regulatory and compliance costs that may adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the CRA and fair lending laws, and a failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of penalties and other sanctions. We may not be able to complete future acquisitions, may not be successful in realizing the benefits of any future acquisitions that are completed or may choose not to pursue acquisition opportunities we might find beneficial. Increases in FDIC insurance assessments may adversely affect our earnings. Unfavorable results from ongoing stress analyses may adversely affect our ability to retain customers or compete for new business opportunities. We are a holding company and depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments. We may not pay dividends on shares of our capital stock. Anti-takeover and banking laws and certain agreements and charter provisions may adversely affect share value. Our amended and restated by-laws designate (i) the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders and (ii) the federal district courts of the United States as the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company or our company s directors, officers or other employees. We face substantial legal and operational risks in our safeguarding and other processing of personal information. Differences in regulation can affect our ability to compete effectively. Our businesses may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees. Our operations rely on our ability, and the ability of key external parties, to maintain appropriately staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of employees. Our reported financial results depend on management s selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and estimates. If the models that we use in our business perform poorly or provide inadequate information, our business or results of operations may be adversely affected. 7 Table of Contents Changes in our accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all of them. Item 1. Business Regions Financial Corporation is a FHC headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama operating in the South, Midwest and Texas. In addition, Regions operates several offices delivering specialty capabilities in New York, Washington D.C., Chicago, Salt Lake City, and other locations nationwide. Regions provides financial solutions for a wide range of clients including retail and mortgage banking services, commercial banking services and wealth and investment services. Further, Regions and its subsidiaries deliver other financial services operations described below. At December 31, 2025, Regions had total consolidated assets of approximately $158.8 billion, total consolidated deposits of approximately $131.1 billion and total consolidated shareholders equity of approximately $19.0 billion. The terms Regions, the Company, we, us and our as used herein mean collectively Regions Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation, together with its subsidiaries when or where appropriate. Regions' principal executive offices are located at 1900 Fifth Avenue North, Birmingham, Alabama 35203, and its telephone number at that address is (800) 734-4667. Banking Operations Regions conducts its banking operations through Regions Bank, an Alabama state-chartered commercial bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System. At December 31, 2025, Regions operated 1,786 ATMs and 1,247 total branch outlets primarily across the South, Midwest and Texas. The following table reflects the distribution of branch locations in each of the states in which Regions conducts its banking operations. Branches Florida 270 Tennessee 194 Alabama 184 Georgia 117 Mississippi 97 Texas 85 Louisiana 79 Arkansas 55 Missouri 48 Illinois 40 Indiana 40 South Carolina 18 Kentucky 9 North Carolina 6 Iowa 4 Utah 1 Total 1,247 Other Financial Services Operations In addition to its banking operations, Regions and its subsidiaries deliver specialty capabilities including merger and acquisition advisory services, capital markets solutions, home improvement lending, investment advisory services, equipment financing for commercial clients and small business customers, low income housing tax credit corporate fund syndication and asset management, financing to CRA-qualified customers, investment and insurance products, broker-dealer services to commercial clients, and others. Business Segments Regions operates under three reportable segments: Corporate Bank, Consumer Bank, and Wealth Management, with the remainder in Other. See "Note 22 "Business Segment Information" in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details on each of Regions reportable segments. 8 Table of Contents Supervision and Regulation We are subject to the extensive regulatory and supervisory framework applicable to BHCs and their subsidiaries. This framework is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the FDIC s DIF and the banking system as a whole and is not intended for the protection of shareholders or other investors. Banking and other financial services statutes, regulations and policies are continually under review by U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies. In addition to laws and regulations, state and federal bank regulatory agencies may issue policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance applicable to Regions and its subsidiaries. Regions cannot predict future changes in the applicable laws, regulations and regulatory agency policies, including any changes resulting from changes in the U.S. presidential administration and U.S. Congress. Yet, such changes may have a material impact on Regions business, financial condition or results of operations. We will continue to evaluate the impact of any changes in laws and any new regulations promulgated, including changes in regulatory costs and fees, modifications to consumer products or disclosures and the requirements of the enhanced supervision provisions, among others. The scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which Regions is subject have increased in recent years, initially in response to the financial crisis, and more recently in light of other factors, including the failure of U.S. depository institutions in the first half of 2023, technological factors and market changes. Regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and financial services sector. Regions expects that its business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. The descriptions below summarize certain significant federal and state laws to which Regions is subject. These descriptions do not summarize all possible or proposed changes in laws or regulations and are not intended to be a substitute for the related statues or regulatory provisions. Changes in applicable law or regulation, and in their interpretation and application by regulatory agencies and other governmental authorities, cannot be predicted, but may have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Overview As a BHC, Regions is subject to regulation under the BHC Act and to regulation, examination and supervision by the Federal Reserve. Regions has elected to be treated as an FHC which allows it to engage in a broader range of activities than would otherwise be permissible for a BHC. The BHC Act provides for umbrella regulation of FHCs by the Federal Reserve and functional regulation of holding company subsidiaries by applicable regulatory agencies. The BHC Act also requires the Federal Reserve to examine any subsidiary of a BHC, other than a depository institution, engaged in activities permissible for a depository institution. The Federal Reserve is also granted the authority, in certain circumstances, to require reports of, examine and adopt rules applicable to any holding company subsidiary. Regions Bank is an Alabama state-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System. Its operations are generally subject to supervision and examination by both the Federal Reserve and the Alabama State Banking Department. Regions Bank is also affected by the actions of the Federal Reserve as it implements monetary policy. As a Federal Reserve System member bank, Regions Bank is required to hold stock in the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta in an amount equal to six percent of its capital stock and surplus. Member banks with total assets in excess of $10 billion, including Regions Bank, receive a floating rate dividend tied to 10-year U.S. Treasuries, with the maximum dividend rate capped at six percent. Regions Bank and its affiliates that provide consumer financial products and services are also subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the CFPB with respect to consumer protection laws and regulations. Regions and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates, including those that engage in derivatives transactions, securities underwriting, market making, brokerage, investment advisory and insurance activities, are subject to other federal and state laws and regulations, as well as supervision and examination by other federal and state regulatory agencies and other regulatory authorities, including the SEC, CFTC, FINRA and the NYSE. Regions Bank is also subject to additional state and federal laws, as well as various compliance regulations, that govern its activities, the investments it makes and the aggregate amount of loans that may be granted to one borrower. Examinations by Regions regulators consider not only compliance with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory policies of the agency, but also capital levels, asset quality, risk management effectiveness, the ability and performance of management and the Board, the effectiveness of internal controls, earnings, liquidity, interest rate risk management and various other factors. Following those examinations, Regions and Regions Bank are assigned supervisory ratings. This supervisory framework, including the examination reports and supervisory ratings, which are considered confidential supervisory information, could materially impact the conduct, growth and profitability of Regions operations. Under the Federal Reserve s Large Financial Institution Rating System, component ratings are assigned for capital planning, liquidity risk management, and governance and controls. To be considered well managed under this rating system, a firm must be rated broadly meets expectations or conditionally meets expectations for at least two of its three component ratings. 9 Table of Contents The federal bank regulators have broad supervisory and enforcement authority over BHCs and banks, including the power to conduct examinations and investigations, which potentially can result in the imposition of significant limitations on Regions activities and growth. The federal bank regulators generally have broad enforcement authority and discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity, including the imposition of substantial monetary penalties and non-monetary requirements against a regulated entity where the relevant agency determines that the operations of the regulated entity or any of its subsidiaries fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations, are conducted in an unsafe or unsound manner or represent an unfair or deceptive act or practice. The federal bank regulators also are empowered to require affirmative actions to correct any violation or practice; issue administrative orders that can be judicially enforced; direct increases in capital; limit dividends and distributions; restrict growth; assess civil money penalties against institutions or individuals who violate any laws, regulations, orders or written agreements with the agencies; order termination of certain activities of holding companies or their non-bank subsidiaries; remove officers and directors; order divestiture of ownership or control of a non-banking subsidiary by a holding company; or terminate deposit insurance and appoint a conservator or receiver. Permissible Activities under the BHC Act The BHC Act limits the activities permissible for BHCs to the business of banking, managing or controlling banks and such other activities as the Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to banking as to be properly incidental thereto. A BHC electing to be treated as a FHC, like Regions, may also engage in a range of activities that are (i) financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity or (ii) complementary to a financial activity and that do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of a depository institution or to the financial system generally. These activities include securities dealing, underwriting and market making, insurance underwriting and agency activities, merchant banking and insurance company portfolio investments. The Federal Reserve has the authority to limit an FHC s ability to conduct otherwise permissible activities if the FHC or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet applicable eligibility requirements. The Federal Reserve may also impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements on the FHC, and if deficiencies are persistent, may require the company to divest its subsidiary banks or the company may be required to discontinue or divest investments in companies engaged in activities permissible only for a BHC electing to be treated as an FHC. Furthermore, if the Federal Reserve determines that an FHC has not maintained a CRA rating of at least satisfactory, the FHC would not be able to commence any new financial activities or acquire a company that engages in such activities, although the FHC would still be allowed to engage in activities closely related to banking and make investments in the ordinary course of conducting banking activities. The Federal Reserve has the power to order any BHC or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when the Federal Reserve has reasonable grounds to believe that continuation of such activity or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness, safety or stability of any bank subsidiary of the BHC. Enhanced Prudential Standards and Regulatory Tailoring Rules As a BHC with over $100 billion in total consolidated assets, we are subject to enhanced prudential standards and capital rules (the Tailoring Rules ). The Tailoring Rules assign each U.S. BHC with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets, as well as its bank subsidiaries, to one of four categories based on its size and five other risk-based indicators: (1) cross-jurisdictional activity, (2) wSTWF, (3) non-bank assets, (4) off-balance sheet exposure and (5) status as a U.S. G-SIB. Under the Tailoring Rules, Regions and Regions Bank are each subject to Category IV standards, which apply to banking organizations with at least $100 billion in total consolidated assets that do not meet any of the thresholds specified for Categories I through III. Firms subject to Category IV standards are generally subject to the same capital and liquidity requirements as firms with less than $100 billion in total consolidated assets, but are, among other things, subject to certain enhanced prudential standards and also required to monitor and report certain risk-based indicators. Accordingly, under the Tailoring Rules, Category IV firms are, among other things, (1) not subject to LCR or NSFR requirements (or, in certain cases, subject to reduced requirements), (2) eligible to opt-out of the requirement to recognize most elements of AOCI in regulatory capital, (3) not subject to company-run capital stress testing requirements, (4) subject to supervisory capital stress testing on a biennial instead of annual basis, (5) subject to requirements to develop and maintain a capital plan on an annual basis and (6) subject to certain liquidity risk management and risk committee requirements. Regulatory Capital Requirements Regions and Regions Bank are each required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the Federal Reserve, which are based on Basel III. The Basel III Rules, among other things, include both risk-based requirements, which compare three measures of capital to RWAs, as well as leverage requirements, which in the case of Category IV banking organizations such as Regions, consist of the Tier 1 leverage ratio described below. 10 Table of Contents The capital rules also require firms to maintain a buffer (referred to as the SCB) consisting of solely CET1 capital, in addition to the minimum risk-based requirements. Failure to satisfy the buffer requirement in full results in graduated constraints on capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, and discretionary executive compensation. The extent to which capital distributions will be constrained depends on the amount of the shortfall and the institution s eligible retained income, which is defined as the greater of (1) a banking institution s net income for the four preceding calendar quarters, net of any distributions to shareholders and associated tax effects not already reflected in net income, and (2) the average of a banking institution s net income over the preceding four quarters. As a Category IV banking organization, Regions SCB is determined through the Federal Reserve s CCAR supervisory stress tests which include analyses using baseline and severely adverse economic and financial scenarios. Regions SCB requirement is determined by adding the Federal Reserve s modeled capital degradation, in the supervisory severely adverse scenario, plus four quarters of planned common stock dividends. As a Category IV banking organization, the capital degradation component of the SCB is calculated every other year, in even-numbered years. During a year in which a Category IV banking organization does not undergo a supervisory stress test, it will receive an updated SCB requirement that reflects its updated planned common stock dividends. A Category IV banking organization is also able to elect to participate in the supervisory stress test in a year in which it would not normally be subject to the supervisory stress test and consequently receive an updated SCB requirement. The SCB is subject to a 2.5 percent floor. As a Category IV bank, Regions was not required to participate in the 2025 stress test. Nonetheless, like other Category IV banking organizations, the Company did receive results from the Federal Reserve during the second quarter of 2025. From the fourth quarter of 2025 through the third quarter of 2026, the Company's SCB will remain floored at 2.5 percent. In February 2026, the Federal Reserve voted to maintain SCB requirements at current levels through the third quarter of 2027 to allow time for public feedback on proposed changes to supervisory stress testing models. As such Regions SCB will remain floored at 2.5 percent through the third quarter of 2027. See Note 12 "Regulatory Capital Requirements and Restrictions" in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details on minimum capital ratios and those needed to be well capitalized. Regions is also subject to rules that provide for simplified capital requirements relating to the threshold deductions for mortgage servicing assets, deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that a banking organization could not realize through net operating loss carry backs and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions, as well as the inclusion of minority interests in regulatory capital. As a Category IV banking organization, Regions must also develop and maintain a capital plan, and must submit the capital plan to the Federal Reserve as part of the CCAR process. The CCAR process is intended to help ensure that BHCs have robust, forward-looking capital planning processes that account for each company s unique risks and that allow for continued operations during times of economic and financial stress. In addition, the Federal Reserve s capital plan rule relating to the CCAR process provides that a BHC must receive prior approval for any dividend, stock repurchase or other capital distribution if the BHC is required to resubmit its capital plan, subject to an exception for distributions on newly issued capital instruments. Among other circumstances, a BHC may be required to resubmit its capital plan in connection with certain acquisitions or dispositions. In 2020, the U.S. federal banking agencies published a final rule to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from the implementation of CECL. The final rule provides banks the option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period (five-year transition option). Regions adopted the capital transition relief over the permissible five-year period which concluded in the first quarter of 2025. In July 2023, the U.S. banking regulators issued a proposal to revise the risk-based capital standards applicable to Regions, which generally aligned with the global Basel Accord. The proposal would have introduced a new measure of RWAs, which would reflect certain standardized approaches for credit risk, operational risk and credit valuation adjustment risk, as well as a proposed measure for market risk that would have been based on both internal models and standardized supervisory models of market risk. For Category III and IV institutions, this included removing the AOCI opt-out in calculating regulatory capital. The original proposal, which was scheduled to be implemented in July 2025, was not enacted. In light of the adverse reaction to the Proposal, the Federal Reserve announced that it would publish a re-proposal of its regulations finalizing the Basel III standards. That re-proposal is expected in early 2026. The Company will continue to evaluate this proposal, as well as any potential future changes to the proposal, and the potential impacts on Regions. In August 2023, the U.S. banking regulators proposed a rule that would require banking organizations with $100 billion or more in total assets to comply with long-term debt requirements and clean holding company requirements that currently apply only to global systemically important banking organizations. This proposal would also impose a long-term debt requirement on certain categories of IDIs, including IDIs with $100 billion or more in total assets, such as Regions Bank. If adopted, this proposal would require the Company and Regions Bank to each maintain a minimum outstanding eligible long-term debt amount of no less than the greatest of (i) 6% of RWAs, (ii) 2.5% of total leverage exposure and (iii) 3.5% of average total consolidated assets. Regions Bank would be required to issue the minimum amount of eligible long-term debt to the Company, 11 Table of Contents and the Company would be required to issue the minimum amount of eligible long-term debt externally. In addition, if adopted as proposed, the clean holding company requirement would limit or prohibit the Company from entering into certain transactions that could impede its orderly resolution, including, for example, prohibiting the Company from entering into transactions that could spread losses to subsidiaries and third parties, as well as limiting the amount of the Company s liabilities that are not eligible long-term. This proposal was subject to a comment period that closed January 16, 2024. The Company will continue to evaluate this proposal and the potential impacts, if adopted as proposed. On October 24, 2025, the Federal Reserve proposed revisions to its supervisory stress testing framework through two related proposals designed to enhance the transparency and public accountability of its annual stress test. The first proposal solicits comments on the Federal Reserve s stress test models, scenario design framework and an enhanced disclosure process under which the Federal Reserve would annually publish and invite public comment on stress test scenarios, models and material changes to those models. The second pr