=== RF_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Our businesses have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally. Fluctuations in market interest rates, including the level and shape of the yield curve, may adversely affect our performance. If we experience greater credit losses in our loan portfolios than anticipated, our earnings may be materially adversely affected. Any future reductions in our credit ratings may increase our funding costs and place limitations on business activities. Changes in the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. We may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market conditions. Ineffective liquidity management could adversely affect our financial results and condition. Loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase our funding costs. We rely on the mortgage secondary market to manage various risks. We are at risk of a variety of systems failures or errors and cyber-attacks or other similar incidents that could adversely affect customer experience and our business and financial performance. We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding privacy and cybersecurity, which could increase the cost of doing business, compliance risks and potential liability. We will continually encounter technological change and must effectively anticipate, develop and implement new technology. The development and use of AI presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. Industry competition, including competition from decentralized finance platforms, cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies could disrupt our business model and adversely affect our revenues, market share or liquidity. Our operations are concentrated primarily in the South, Midwest and Texas, and adverse changes in the economic conditions in this region can adversely affect our financial results and condition. Weakness in the residential real estate markets could adversely affect our performance. Weakness in the commercial real estate markets could adversely affect our performance. Risks associated with home equity products where we are in a second lien position could adversely affect our performance. Weakness in commodity businesses could adversely affect our performance. An outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region could have a material adverse effect on the U.S. economy and on our businesses. We are subject to a variety of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by internal or external parties, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 6 Table of Contents We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties. We are exposed to risk of environmental liability when we take title to property. We can be negatively affected if we fail to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services and delivery platforms. Enhanced regulatory and other standards for the oversight of vendors and other service providers can result in higher costs and other potential exposures. We are, and may in the future be, subject to claims and litigation calling into question our right to use the intellectual property underlying certain technology in our business. Weather-related events, pandemics and other natural or man-made disasters could cause a disruption in our operations or lead to other consequences that could adversely impact our financial results and condition. These impacts could be intensified by climate change. Heightening focus on climate change may also carry transition risks that could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to sociopolitical risks that could adversely affect our business, reputation and the trading price of our common stock. Damage to our reputation could significantly harm our businesses. We are, and may in the future be, subject to litigation, investigations and governmental proceedings that may result in liabilities adversely affecting our financial condition, business or results of operations or in reputational harm. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and our business model. We are subject to a variety of risks in connection with any sale of loans we may conduct. We may be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements. Rulemaking changes and regulatory initiatives implemented by the CFPB may result in higher regulatory and compliance costs that may adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the CRA and fair lending laws, and a failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of penalties and other sanctions. We may not be able to complete future acquisitions, may not be successful in realizing the benefits of any future acquisitions that are completed or may choose not to pursue acquisition opportunities we might find beneficial. Increases in FDIC insurance assessments may adversely affect our earnings. Unfavorable results from ongoing stress analyses may adversely affect our ability to retain customers or compete for new business opportunities. We are a holding company and depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments. We may not pay dividends on shares of our capital stock. Anti-takeover and banking laws and certain agreements and charter provisions may adversely affect share value. Our amended and restated by-laws designate (i) the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders and (ii) the federal district courts of the United States as the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company or our company s directors, officers or other employees. We face substantial legal and operational risks in our safeguarding and other processing of personal information. Differences in regulation can affect our ability to compete effectively. Our businesses may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees. Our operations rely on our ability, and the ability of key external parties, to maintain appropriately staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of employees. Our reported financial results depend on management s selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and estimates. If the models that we use in our business perform poorly or provide inadequate information, our business or results of operations may be adversely affected. 7 Table of Contents Changes in our accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all of them. Item 1. Business Regions Financial Corporation is a FHC headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama operating in the South, Midwest and Texas. In addition, Regions operates several offices delivering specialty capabilities in New York, Washington D.C., Chicago, Salt Lake City, and other locations nationwide. Regions provides financial solutions for a wide range of clients including retail and mortgage banking services, commercial banking services and wealth and investment services. Further, Regions and its subsidiaries deliver other financial services operations described below. At December 31, 2025, Regions had total consolidated assets of approximately $158.8 billion, total consolidated deposits of approximately $131.1 billion and total consolidated shareholders equity of approximately $19.0 billion. The terms Regions, the Company, we, us and our as used herein mean collectively Regions Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation, together with its subsidiaries when or where appropriate. Regions' principal executive offices are located at 1900 Fifth Avenue North, Birmingham, Alabama 35203, and its telephone number at that address is (800) 734-4667. Banking Operations Regions conducts its banking operations through Regions Bank, an Alabama state-chartered commercial bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System. At December 31, 2025, Regions operated 1,786 ATMs and 1,247 total branch outlets primarily across the South, Midwest and Texas. The following table reflects the distribution of branch locations in each of the states in which Regions conducts its banking operations. Branches Florida 270 Tennessee 194 Alabama 184 Georgia 117 Mississippi 97 Texas 85 Louisiana 79 Arkansas 55 Missouri 48 Illinois 40 Indiana 40 South Carolina 18 Kentucky 9 North Carolina 6 Iowa 4 Utah 1 Total 1,247 Other Financial Services Operations In addition to its banking operations, Regions and its subsidiaries deliver specialty capabilities including merger and acquisition advisory services, capital markets solutions, home improvement lending, investment advisory services, equipment financing for commercial clients and small business customers, low income housing tax credit corporate fund syndication and asset management, financing to CRA-qualified customers, investment and insurance products, broker-dealer services to commercial clients, and others. Business Segments Regions operates under three reportable segments: Corporate Bank, Consumer Bank, and Wealth Management, with the remainder in Other. See "Note 22 "Business Segment Information" in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details on each of Regions reportable segments. 8 Table of Contents Supervision and Regulation We are subject to the extensive regulatory and supervisory framework applicable to BHCs and their subsidiaries. This framework is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the FDIC s DIF and the banking system as a whole and is not intended for the protection of shareholders or other investors. Banking and other financial services statutes, regulations and policies are continually under review by U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies. In addition to laws and regulations, state and federal bank regulatory agencies may issue policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance applicable to Regions and its subsidiaries. Regions cannot predict future changes in the applicable laws, regulations and regulatory agency policies, including any changes resulting from changes in the U.S. presidential administration and U.S. Congress. Yet, such changes may have a material impact on Regions business, financial condition or results of operations. We will continue to evaluate the impact of any changes in laws and any new regulations promulgated, including changes in regulatory costs and fees, modifications to consumer products or disclosures and the requirements of the enhanced supervision provisions, among others. The scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which Regions is subject have increased in recent years, initially in response to the financial crisis, and more recently in light of other factors, including the failure of U.S. depository institutions in the first half of 2023, technological factors and market changes. Regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and financial services sector. Regions expects that its business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. The descriptions below summarize certain significant federal and state laws to which Regions is subject. These descriptions do not summarize all possible or proposed changes in laws or regulations and are not intended to be a substitute for the related statues or regulatory provisions. Changes in applicable law or regulation, and in their interpretation and application by regulatory agencies and other governmental authorities, cannot be predicted, but may have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Overview As a BHC, Regions is subject to regulation under the BHC Act and to regulation, examination and supervision by the Federal Reserve. Regions has elected to be treated as an FHC which allows it to engage in a broader range of activities than would otherwise be permissible for a BHC. The BHC Act provides for umbrella regulation of FHCs by the Federal Reserve and functional regulation of holding company subsidiaries by applicable regulatory agencies. The BHC Act also requires the Federal Reserve to examine any subsidiary of a BHC, other than a depository institution, engaged in activities permissible for a depository institution. The Federal Reserve is also granted the authority, in certain circumstances, to require reports of, examine and adopt rules applicable to any holding company subsidiary. Regions Bank is an Alabama state-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System. Its operations are generally subject to supervision and examination by both the Federal Reserve and the Alabama State Banking Department. Regions Bank is also affected by the actions of the Federal Reserve as it implements monetary policy. As a Federal Reserve System member bank, Regions Bank is required to hold stock in the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta in an amount equal to six percent of its capital stock and surplus. Member banks with total assets in excess of $10 billion, including Regions Bank, receive a floating rate dividend tied to 10-year U.S. Treasuries, with the maximum dividend rate capped at six percent. Regions Bank and its affiliates that provide consumer financial products and services are also subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the CFPB with respect to consumer protection laws and regulations. Regions and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates, including those that engage in derivatives transactions, securities underwriting, market making, brokerage, investment advisory and insurance activities, are subject to other federal and state laws and regulations, as well as supervision and examination by other federal and state regulatory agencies and other regulatory authorities, including the SEC, CFTC, FINRA and the NYSE. Regions Bank is also subject to additional state and federal laws, as well as various compliance regulations, that govern its activities, the investments it makes and the aggregate amount of loans that may be granted to one borrower. Examinations by Regions regulators consider not only compliance with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory policies of the agency, but also capital levels, asset quality, risk management effectiveness, the ability and performance of management and the Board, the effectiveness of internal controls, earnings, liquidity, interest rate risk management and various other factors. Following those examinations, Regions and Regions Bank are assigned supervisory ratings. This supervisory framework, including the examination reports and supervisory ratings, which are considered confidential supervisory information, could materially impact the conduct, growth and profitability of Regions operations. Under the Federal Reserve s Large Financial Institution Rating System, component ratings are assigned for capital planning, liquidity risk management, and governance and controls. To be considered well managed under this rating system, a firm must be rated broadly meets expectations or conditionally meets expectations for at least two of its three component ratings. 9 Table of Contents The federal bank regulators have broad supervisory and enforcement authority over BHCs and banks, including the power to conduct examinations and investigations, which potentially can result in the imposition of significant limitations on Regions activities and growth. The federal bank regulators generally have broad enforcement authority and discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity, including the imposition of substantial monetary penalties and non-monetary requirements against a regulated entity where the relevant agency determines that the operations of the regulated entity or any of its subsidiaries fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations, are conducted in an unsafe or unsound manner or represent an unfair or deceptive act or practice. The federal bank regulators also are empowered to require affirmative actions to correct any violation or practice; issue administrative orders that can be judicially enforced; direct increases in capital; limit dividends and distributions; restrict growth; assess civil money penalties against institutions or individuals who violate any laws, regulations, orders or written agreements with the agencies; order termination of certain activities of holding companies or their non-bank subsidiaries; remove officers and directors; order divestiture of ownership or control of a non-banking subsidiary by a holding company; or terminate deposit insurance and appoint a conservator or receiver. Permissible Activities under the BHC Act The BHC Act limits the activities permissible for BHCs to the business of banking, managing or controlling banks and such other activities as the Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to banking as to be properly incidental thereto. A BHC electing to be treated as a FHC, like Regions, may also engage in a range of activities that are (i) financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity or (ii) complementary to a financial activity and that do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of a depository institution or to the financial system generally. These activities include securities dealing, underwriting and market making, insurance underwriting and agency activities, merchant banking and insurance company portfolio investments. The Federal Reserve has the authority to limit an FHC s ability to conduct otherwise permissible activities if the FHC or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet applicable eligibility requirements. The Federal Reserve may also impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements on the FHC, and if deficiencies are persistent, may require the company to divest its subsidiary banks or the company may be required to discontinue or divest investments in companies engaged in activities permissible only for a BHC electing to be treated as an FHC. Furthermore, if the Federal Reserve determines that an FHC has not maintained a CRA rating of at least satisfactory, the FHC would not be able to commence any new financial activities or acquire a company that engages in such activities, although the FHC would still be allowed to engage in activities closely related to banking and make investments in the ordinary course of conducting banking activities. The Federal Reserve has the power to order any BHC or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when the Federal Reserve has reasonable grounds to believe that continuation of such activity or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness, safety or stability of any bank subsidiary of the BHC. Enhanced Prudential Standards and Regulatory Tailoring Rules As a BHC with over $100 billion in total consolidated assets, we are subject to enhanced prudential standards and capital rules (the Tailoring Rules ). The Tailoring Rules assign each U.S. BHC with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets, as well as its bank subsidiaries, to one of four categories based on its size and five other risk-based indicators: (1) cross-jurisdictional activity, (2) wSTWF, (3) non-bank assets, (4) off-balance sheet exposure and (5) status as a U.S. G-SIB. Under the Tailoring Rules, Regions and Regions Bank are each subject to Category IV standards, which apply to banking organizations with at least $100 billion in total consolidated assets that do not meet any of the thresholds specified for Categories I through III. Firms subject to Category IV standards are generally subject to the same capital and liquidity requirements as firms with less than $100 billion in total consolidated assets, but are, among other things, subject to certain enhanced prudential standards and also required to monitor and report certain risk-based indicators. Accordingly, under the Tailoring Rules, Category IV firms are, among other things, (1) not subject to LCR or NSFR requirements (or, in certain cases, subject to reduced requirements), (2) eligible to opt-out of the requirement to recognize most elements of AOCI in regulatory capital, (3) not subject to company-run capital stress testing requirements, (4) subject to supervisory capital stress testing on a biennial instead of annual basis, (5) subject to requirements to develop and maintain a capital plan on an annual basis and (6) subject to certain liquidity risk management and risk committee requirements. Regulatory Capital Requirements Regions and Regions Bank are each required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the Federal Reserve, which are based on Basel III. The Basel III Rules, among other things, include both risk-based requirements, which compare three measures of capital to RWAs, as well as leverage requirements, which in the case of Category IV banking organizations such as Regions, consist of the Tier 1 leverage ratio described below. 10 Table of Contents The capital rules also require firms to maintain a buffer (referred to as the SCB) consisting of solely CET1 capital, in addition to the minimum risk-based requirements. Failure to satisfy the buffer requirement in full results in graduated constraints on capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, and discretionary executive compensation. The extent to which capital distributions will be constrained depends on the amount of the shortfall and the institution s eligible retained income, which is defined as the greater of (1) a banking institution s net income for the four preceding calendar quarters, net of any distributions to shareholders and associated tax effects not already reflected in net income, and (2) the average of a banking institution s net income over the preceding four quarters. As a Category IV banking organization, Regions SCB is determined through the Federal Reserve s CCAR supervisory stress tests which include analyses using baseline and severely adverse economic and financial scenarios. Regions SCB requirement is determined by adding the Federal Reserve s modeled capital degradation, in the supervisory severely adverse scenario, plus four quarters of planned common stock dividends. As a Category IV banking organization, the capital degradation component of the SCB is calculated every other year, in even-numbered years. During a year in which a Category IV banking organization does not undergo a supervisory stress test, it will receive an updated SCB requirement that reflects its updated planned common stock dividends. A Category IV banking organization is also able to elect to participate in the supervisory stress test in a year in which it would not normally be subject to the supervisory stress test and consequently receive an updated SCB requirement. The SCB is subject to a 2.5 percent floor. As a Category IV bank, Regions was not required to participate in the 2025 stress test. Nonetheless, like other Category IV banking organizations, the Company did receive results from the Federal Reserve during the second quarter of 2025. From the fourth quarter of 2025 through the third quarter of 2026, the Company's SCB will remain floored at 2.5 percent. In February 2026, the Federal Reserve voted to maintain SCB requirements at current levels through the third quarter of 2027 to allow time for public feedback on proposed changes to supervisory stress testing models. As such Regions SCB will remain floored at 2.5 percent through the third quarter of 2027. See Note 12 "Regulatory Capital Requirements and Restrictions" in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details on minimum capital ratios and those needed to be well capitalized. Regions is also subject to rules that provide for simplified capital requirements relating to the threshold deductions for mortgage servicing assets, deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that a banking organization could not realize through net operating loss carry backs and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions, as well as the inclusion of minority interests in regulatory capital. As a Category IV banking organization, Regions must also develop and maintain a capital plan, and must submit the capital plan to the Federal Reserve as part of the CCAR process. The CCAR process is intended to help ensure that BHCs have robust, forward-looking capital planning processes that account for each company s unique risks and that allow for continued operations during times of economic and financial stress. In addition, the Federal Reserve s capital plan rule relating to the CCAR process provides that a BHC must receive prior approval for any dividend, stock repurchase or other capital distribution if the BHC is required to resubmit its capital plan, subject to an exception for distributions on newly issued capital instruments. Among other circumstances, a BHC may be required to resubmit its capital plan in connection with certain acquisitions or dispositions. In 2020, the U.S. federal banking agencies published a final rule to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from the implementation of CECL. The final rule provides banks the option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period (five-year transition option). Regions adopted the capital transition relief over the permissible five-year period which concluded in the first quarter of 2025. In July 2023, the U.S. banking regulators issued a proposal to revise the risk-based capital standards applicable to Regions, which generally aligned with the global Basel Accord. The proposal would have introduced a new measure of RWAs, which would reflect certain standardized approaches for credit risk, operational risk and credit valuation adjustment risk, as well as a proposed measure for market risk that would have been based on both internal models and standardized supervisory models of market risk. For Category III and IV institutions, this included removing the AOCI opt-out in calculating regulatory capital. The original proposal, which was scheduled to be implemented in July 2025, was not enacted. In light of the adverse reaction to the Proposal, the Federal Reserve announced that it would publish a re-proposal of its regulations finalizing the Basel III standards. That re-proposal is expected in early 2026. The Company will continue to evaluate this proposal, as well as any potential future changes to the proposal, and the potential impacts on Regions. In August 2023, the U.S. banking regulators proposed a rule that would require banking organizations with $100 billion or more in total assets to comply with long-term debt requirements and clean holding company requirements that currently apply only to global systemically important banking organizations. This proposal would also impose a long-term debt requirement on certain categories of IDIs, including IDIs with $100 billion or more in total assets, such as Regions Bank. If adopted, this proposal would require the Company and Regions Bank to each maintain a minimum outstanding eligible long-term debt amount of no less than the greatest of (i) 6% of RWAs, (ii) 2.5% of total leverage exposure and (iii) 3.5% of average total consolidated assets. Regions Bank would be required to issue the minimum amount of eligible long-term debt to the Company, 11 Table of Contents and the Company would be required to issue the minimum amount of eligible long-term debt externally. In addition, if adopted as proposed, the clean holding company requirement would limit or prohibit the Company from entering into certain transactions that could impede its orderly resolution, including, for example, prohibiting the Company from entering into transactions that could spread losses to subsidiaries and third parties, as well as limiting the amount of the Company s liabilities that are not eligible long-term. This proposal was subject to a comment period that closed January 16, 2024. The Company will continue to evaluate this proposal and the potential impacts, if adopted as proposed. On October 24, 2025, the Federal Reserve proposed revisions to its supervisory stress testing framework through two related proposals designed to enhance the transparency and public accountability of its annual stress test. The first proposal solicits comments on the Federal Reserve s stress test models, scenario design framework and an enhanced disclosure process under which the Federal Reserve would annually publish and invite public comment on stress test scenarios, models and material changes to those models. The second proposal solicits comments on the scenarios for the 2026 supervisory stress test. The Company will continue to evaluate this proposal, as well as any potential future changes to the proposal, and the potential impacts on Regions. For more information, see the Regulatory Requirements section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Liquidity Requirements Under the Tailoring Rules, Category IV firms with less than $50 billion in wSTWF, including Regions and Regions Bank, are not subject to an LCR or any NSFR. However, BHCs that are Category IV firms are subject to minimum quarterly liquidity buffers and liquidity stress testing requirements under the Federal Reserve s enhanced prudential standards. Additionally, as a Category IV firm, Regions is required to engage in certain practices, including, but not limited to: (i) calculating collateral positions monthly; (ii) establishing an internally determined set of liquidity risk limits; (iii) monitoring elements of intraday liquidity risk exposures; and (iv) reporting liquidity data on the FR 2052a on a monthly basis. Resolution Planning Category IV firms such as Regions are not required to submit 165(d) resolution plans. The FDIC separately requires IDIs with $100 billion or more in total assets, such as Regions Bank, to submit to the FDIC plans for resolution in the event of the bank s failure every three years with limited supplements filed in the off years. The requirements increase the engagement between the FDIC and covered IDIs on resolution matters, give the FDIC the authority to periodically test key capabilities and processes needed in a resolution, and introduce a new credibility standard to evaluate the full resolution plan submissions. If the FDIC finds an IDI s resolution plan to not be credible, it could subject the IDI to an enforcement action. In December 2025, the FDIC provided an update that it plans to propose changes to the final rule in 2026, including codifying the content requirement exemptions and FAQs associated with the modified approach it set out in April 2025. Regions Bank timely submitted its most recent IDI resolution plan in June 2025. FDIA and Prompt Corrective Action The FDIA requires the federal banking agencies to take prompt corrective action in respect of depository institutions that do not meet specified capital requirements. The FDIA establishes five capital categories ( well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized ), and the federal banking agencies must take certain mandatory supervisory actions, and are authorized to take other discretionary actions, with respect to institutions that are undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. The severity of these mandatory and discretionary supervisory actions depends upon the capital category in which the institution is placed. Subject to a narrow exception, the FDIA requires the banking regulator to appoint a receiver or conservator for an institution that is critically undercapitalized. As of December 31, 2025, both Regions and Regions Bank were well-capitalized. An institution that is classified as well-capitalized based on its capital levels may be treated as adequately capitalized, and an institution that is adequately capitalized or undercapitalized based upon its capital levels may be treated as though it were undercapitalized or significantly undercapitalized, respectively, if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition or an unsafe or unsound practice warrants such treatment. An institution that is categorized as undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized is required to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan to its appropriate federal banking regulator. Under the FDIA, in order for the capital restoration plan to be accepted by the appropriate federal banking agency, a BHC must guarantee that a subsidiary depository institution will comply with its capital restoration plan, subject to certain limitations. The BHC must also provide appropriate assurances of performance. The FDIA requires the various regulatory agencies to prescribe certain non-capital standards for safety and soundness relating generally to operations and management, asset quality and executive compensation and permits regulatory action against a financial institution that does not meet such standards. Regulators also must take into consideration: (i) concentrations of credit risk; (ii) interest rate risk (when the interest rate sensitivity of an institution s assets does not match the sensitivity of 12 Table of Contents its liabilities or its off-balance sheet position); and (iii) risks from non-traditional activities, as well as an institution s ability to manage those risks, when determining the adequacy of an institution s capital. Regulators make this evaluation as a part of their regular examination of the institution s safety and soundness. Additionally, regulators may choose to examine other factors in order to evaluate the safety and soundness of financial institutions. Safety and Soundness The federal banking agencies have adopted a set of guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards relating to such areas as internal controls and information systems, informational security, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth and compensation, fees and benefits. For example, the guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice, and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. Properly managing risks is critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation and the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing banking institutions including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal, compliance and reputational risk. Some of the regulatory pronouncements have focused on operational risk, which arises from the potential that inadequate information systems, operational problems, breaches in internal controls, fraud or unforeseen catastrophes will result in unexpected losses. New products and services, TPRM and cybersecurity are critical sources of operational risk that financial institutions are expected to address in the current environment. To address safety and soundness, Regions Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring and management information systems; and comprehensive and effective internal controls. Payment of Dividends Regions is a legal entity separate and distinct from its banking and other subsidiaries. The principal source of cash flow to us, including cash flow to pay dividends to our shareholders and principal and interest on any of our outstanding debt, is dividends from Regions Bank. There are statutory and regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends by Regions Bank to us, as well as by us to our shareholders. If, in the opinion of a federal bank regulatory agency, an institution under its jurisdiction is engaged in or is about to engage in an unsafe or unsound practice, such agency may require, after notice and hearing, that such institution cease and desist from such practice. The federal bank regulatory agencies have indicated that paying dividends that deplete an institution s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. Under the FDIA, an insured institution may not pay a dividend if payment would cause it to become undercapitalized or if it already is undercapitalized. See FDIA and Prompt Corrective Action above. Moreover, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have issued policy statements stating that BHCs and insured banks should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. Payment of Dividends by Regions Bank . Under the Federal Reserve s Regulation H, Regions Bank may not, without approval of the Federal Reserve, declare or pay a dividend to Regions if the total of all dividends declared in a calendar year exceeds the total of (a) Regions Bank s net income for that year and (b) its retained net income for the preceding two calendar years, less any required transfers to additional paid-in capital or to a fund for the retirement of preferred stock. Under Alabama law, Regions Bank may not pay a dividend in excess of 90% of its net earnings unless its surplus is equal to at least 20% of capital. Regions Bank is also required by Alabama law to seek the approval of the Alabama Superintendent of Banking prior to the payment of dividends if the total of all dividends declared by Regions Bank in any calendar year will exceed the total of (a) Regions Bank s net earnings for that year, plus (b) its retained net earnings for the preceding two years, less any required transfers to surplus. The statute defines net earnings as the remainder of all earnings from current operations plus actual recoveries on loans and investments and other assets, after deducting from the total thereof all current operating expenses, actual losses, accrued dividends on preferred stock, if any, and all federal, state and local taxes. Regions Bank cannot, without approval from the Federal Reserve and the Alabama Superintendent of Banking, declare or pay a dividend to Regions unless Regions Bank is able to satisfy the criteria discussed above. Payment of Dividends by Regions. Payment of dividends to our shareholders is subject to the oversight of the Federal Reserve. In particular, the dividend policies and share repurchases of a large BHC, such as Regions, are reviewed by the Federal Reserve based on capital plans submitted as part of the CCAR process and may be constrained in certain scenarios. See Capital Requirements above. In addition, as a Delaware corporation, Regions is subject to the limitations on dividends and share repurchases set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL). The DGCL allows Regions to pay dividends only out of its surplus (as defined and computed in accordance with the provisions of the DGCL) or if it has no such surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. In addition, the DGCL does not permit Regions to repurchase shares of its capital stock where the repurchase would cause an impairment of the capital of the corporation. 13 Table of Contents Support of Subsidiary Banks Under the Dodd-Frank Act, Regions is expected to act as a source of financial strength to, and to commit resources to support, its subsidiary bank. This support may be required at times when Regions may not be inclined to provide it. Limits on Exposure to One Borrower and Exposure to Insiders Alabama banking law imposes limits on the amount of credit a bank can extend to any one person (or group of related persons). For Regions Bank, this limit includes credit exposures arising from loan and equivalent exposure and investment and trading exposure. Applicable banking laws and regulations also place restrictions on loans by FDIC-insured banks and their affiliates to their directors, executive officers and principal shareholders. Lending Standards and Guidance The federal banking agencies have adopted uniform regulations prescribing standards for extensions of credit that are secured by liens or interests in real estate or made for the purpose of financing permanent improvements to real estate. Under these regulations, all IDIs, such as Regions Bank, must adopt and maintain written policies establishing appropriate limits and standards for extensions of credit that are secured by liens or interests in real estate or are made for the purpose of financing permanent improvements to real estate. These policies must establish loan portfolio diversification standards, prudent underwriting standards (including loan-to-value limits) that are clear and measurable, loan administration procedures and documentation, approval and reporting requirements. The real estate lending policies must reflect consideration of the federal bank regulators Interagency Guidelines for Real Estate Lending Policies. The federal banking agencies have also jointly issued guidance on Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, which defines commercial real estate loans as exposures secured by raw land, land development and construction (including 1-4 family residential construction), multi-family property, and non-farm nonresidential property where the primary or a significant source of repayment is derived from rental income associated with the property (that is, loans for which 50 percent or more of the source of repayment comes from third-party, non-affiliated, rental income) or the proceeds of the sale, refinancing, or permanent financing of the property. The guidance requires that appropriate processes be in place to identify, monitor and control risks associated with real estate lending concentrations. If a concentration is present, management must employ heightened risk management practices that address key elements, including board and management oversight and strategic planning, portfolio management, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing, and maintenance of increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. The required heightened risk management practices could include enhanced strategic planning, underwriting policies, risk management, internal controls, portfolio stress testing and risk exposure limits as well as appropriately designed compensation and incentive programs. Higher allowances for credit losses and capital levels may also be required. The guidance states that the following metrics may indicate a concentration of commercial real estate loans, but that these metrics are neither limits nor a safe harbor: (1) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100 percent or more of total risk-based capital; or (2) total reported loans secured by multi-family properties, nonfarm non-residential properties (excluding those that are owner-occupied), and loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 300 percent or more of total risk-based capital and the bank s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 percent or more during the prior 36 months. De Novo Branching and De Novo Banks With the approval of applicable regulators, state banks may establish de novo branches in states other than their home state as if such state was the bank s home state. Anti-Tying Provisions Regions Bank is prohibited from conditioning the availability of any product or service, or varying the price for any product or service, on the requirement that the customer obtain some additional product or service from the bank or any of its affiliates, other than loans, deposits and trust services. Transactions with Affiliates Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve s Regulation W restrict transactions between a bank and its affiliates, including a parent BHC. Regions Bank is subject to these restrictions, which include quantitative and qualitative limits on the amounts and types of transactions that may take place, including extensions of credit to affiliates, investments in the stock or securities of affiliates, purchases of assets from affiliates and certain other transactions with affiliates. These restrictions also require that credit transactions with affiliates be collateralized and that transactions with affiliates be on market terms or better for the bank. Generally, a bank s covered transactions with any single affiliate are limited to 10% of the bank s capital stock and surplus and covered transactions with all affiliates are limited to 20% of the bank s capital stock and surplus. 14 Table of Contents Deposit Insurance Regions Bank s deposits are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits, which is currently $250,000 per account ownership type. The FDIC imposes a risk-based deposit premium assessment system that determines assessment rates for an IDI based on an assessment rate calculator, which is based on a number of elements to measure the risk each IDI poses to the DIF. The assessment rate is applied to total average assets less tangible equity, as defined under the Dodd-Frank Act. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. Under the current system, premiums are assessed quarterly. The FDIC, as required under the FDIA, established a plan in September 2020 to restore the DIF reserve ratio to meet or exceed the statutory minimum of 1.35 percent within eight years. This plan did not include an increase in the deposit insurance assessment rate. Based on the FDIC s recent projections, however, the FDIC determined that the DIF reserve ratio is at risk of not reaching the statutory minimum by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028 without increasing the deposit insurance assessment rates. During 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules by 2 basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. This rule, combined with other factors influenced by Regions financial performance, increased regulatory premiums in 2023. The FDIC also concurrently maintained the Designated Reserve Ratio for the DIF at 2 percent. In November 2023, the FDIC issued a final rule to implement a special assessment to recoup losses to the DIF associated with bank failures in the first half of 2023, which became effective on April 1, 2024. Under the rule, the assessment base for the special assessment is equal to an IDI s estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first $5 billion of uninsured deposits. The FDIC anticipates that the total amount of the special assessment will be collected for a total of eight quarterly assessment periods. In December 2025, the FDIC issued an interim final rule that reduced the special assessment for the eighth collection quarter from 3.36 basis points to 2.97 basis points. Under the interim final rule, upon termination of the receiverships, the FDIC will either provide an offset to regular quarterly deposit insurance assessments for insured depository institutions subject to the special assessment if the amount collected exceeds losses or collect from insured depository institutions subject to the special assessment a one-time final shortfall special assessment if losses at the termination of the receiverships exceed the amount collected. The payments are deductible for income taxes. For more details on the special assessment, see the Non-Interest Expense section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. FDIC Recordkeeping Requirements As a part of the FDIC Part 370 recordkeeping requirements, Regions is subject to facilitate rapid and accurate payment of FDIC-insured deposits to customers when large IDIs fail. FDIC rules require IDIs with two million or more deposit accounts to maintain complete and accurate data on each depositor's ownership interest by right and capacity and to develop the capability to calculate the insured and uninsured amounts for each deposit owner by ownership right and capacity. Acquisitions The BHC Act requires every BHC to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before: (i) it may acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank or savings and loan association, if after such acquisition, the BHC will directly or indirectly own or control 5% or more of the voting shares of the institution; (ii) it or any of its subsidiaries, other than a bank, may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank or savings and loan association; or (iii) it may merge or consolidate with any other BHC. FHCs must obtain prior approval from the Federal Reserve before acquiring certain non-bank financial companies with assets exceeding $10 billion. FHCs seeking approval to complete an acquisition must be well-capitalized and well-managed. The BHC Act further provides that the Federal Reserve may not approve any transaction that would result in a monopoly or would be in furtherance of any combination or conspiracy to monopolize or attempt to monopolize the business of banking in any section of the U.S., or the effect of which may be substantially to lessen competition or to tend to create a monopoly in any section of the country, or that in any other manner would be in restraint of trade, unless the anticompetitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed by the public interest in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the BHCs and banks impacted and the convenience and needs of the community to be served. Consideration of financial resources generally focuses on capital adequacy, and the consideration of convenience and needs of the community to be served includes the parties performance under the CRA. The Federal Reserve must also take into account the institutions effectiveness in combating money laundering. In addition, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the BHC Act was amended to require the Federal Reserve to, when evaluating a proposed transaction, consider the extent to which the transaction would result in greater or more concentrated risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system. During 2025, the 2024 changes adopted by the OCC and FDIC to the standards by which bank and financial institution acquisitions would be evaluated were rescinded. The Federal Reserve adopted no such changes in 2024. Concurrently, the Department of Justice adopted a more permissive posture, supporting the federal banking regulators' actions to rescind the 2024 15 Table of Contents standards. Furthermore, a Congressional Review Act resolution was signed in 2025 to prevent the OCC from re issuing rules similar to the rescinded 2024 standards. During the current Administration, the banking agencies have been approving mergers within much shorter timeframes. We cannot predict how long the current environment will endure. Depositor Preference Under federal law, claims of depositors and certain claims for both administrative expenses and employee compensation against an IDI would be afforded a priority over other general unsecured claims against such an institution in the liquidation or other resolution of such an institution by any receiver. Volcker Rule The Dodd-Frank Act prohibits banks and their affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading and investing in, sponsoring and having certain relationships with private funds such as hedge funds or private equity funds that would be considered an investment company for purposes of the Volcker Rule. The compliance requirements under regulations implementing the Volcker Rule are tailored based on the size and scope of trading activities. Because TAL are maintained under $1 billion, Regions is categorized with "limited" TAL and benefits from a presumption of compliance with the Volcker Rule. Regions has put in place the compliance programs required by the Volcker Rule and has either divested or received extensions for any holdings in illiquid funds. Consumer Protection Laws We are subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws, including laws designed to protect customers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy and population. These laws include, but are not limited to, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Consumer Financial Protection Act and their respective state law counterparts. The CFPB has broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws, including the laws referenced above, other fair lending laws and certain other statutes. The CFPB also has examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to consumer financial laws for depository institutions with $10 billion or more in assets, including the authority to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive practices in connection with the offering of consumer financial products. The CFPB may issue regulations that impact products and services offered by Regions or Regions Bank. The regulations could reduce the fees that Regions receives, alter the way Regions provides its products and services or expose Regions to greater risk of private litigation or regulatory enforcement action. Privacy and Cybersecurity We are, or may in the future become, subject to a variety of complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules and standards at the federal, state and local level regarding privacy and cybersecurity. Privacy and cybersecurity are currently areas of considerable legislative and regulatory attention, with new or modified laws, regulations, rules and standards being frequently adopted and potentially subject to divergent interpretation or application in a manner that may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements for businesses. Privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations often impose strict requirements regarding the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, protection and other processing of personal information, which may have adverse consequences on our business, including incurring significant compliance costs, requiring changes to our business or operations and imposing severe penalties for non-compliance. For example, at the federal level, the federal banking regulators have adopted certain rules, including pursuant to the GLBA, that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public personal information about consumers to third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain non-public personal information to non-affiliated third parties. In addition, consumers may also prevent disclosure among affiliated companies of certain non-public personal information that is assembled or used to determine eligibility for a product or service, such as that shown on consumer credit reports and application information. Consumers also have the option to direct banks and other financial institutions not to share certain information about transactions and experiences with affiliated companies for the purpose of marketing products or services. Federal law also requires financial institutions to implement a written IS Program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards appropriate to the size and complexity of the institution and the nature and scope of its activities. The program should be designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information, protect against unanticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information, and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. Financial institutions must also conduct ongoing oversight of third-party service providers to ensure they are maintaining appropriate security controls. Financial institutions must report on the institution s cybersecurity program annually to the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. The federal banking regulators regularly issue guidance regarding cybersecurity intended to enhance cyber risk management standards among financial institutions. A financial institution is expected to establish multiple lines of defense against security threats and to ensure their risk management processes appropriately address the risk posed by potential threats 16 Table of Contents to the institution. A financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient processes to effectively identify, prevent and detect a cyber-attack. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations if a critical service provider of the institution falls victim to a cyber-attack. In addition to the GLBA, we are subject to various other federal and state laws, regulations, rules and standards. The Regions IS Program is designed to reflect the regulatory requirements and guidance. In addition, in the spring of 2022, federal banking regulators imposed a cybersecurity-related notification rule that requires banking organizations, including Regions and Regions Bank to notify their primary federal regulator as soon as possible and within 36 hours of incidents that, among other things, have materially disrupted or degraded, or are reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization s ability to deliver services to a material portion of its customer base, or ability to carry out key operations of the banking organization, the failure of which would pose a threat to the stability of the U.S. financial sector. The rule also imposes requirements on bank service providers to notify their affected banking organization customers of certain computer-security incidents. Additionally, the enactment of the Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act of 2022, once rulemaking is complete, will require, among other things, covered entities to report significant cyber incidents, including ransomware attacks, to the CISA Further, in 2023, the SEC adopted regulations requiring public companies to disclose certain information regarding material cybersecurity incidents impacting those companies, as well as descriptions about how they manage material cybersecurity risks. State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations, rules and standards. Several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and have provided detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also implemented or are considering implementing, comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, such as the CCPA. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states generally require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to individuals whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. Moreover, the United States Congress has considered, and will likely in the future consider, various proposals for more comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity legislation, to which Regions and/or Regions Bank may be subject if passed. We expect this trend of state and federal activity to persist, and we continue to monitor such developments in the geographic areas in which our customers are located. Community Reinvestment Act The CRA requires Regions Bank s primary federal bank regulatory agency, the Federal Reserve, to assess the bank s record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by the bank, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods and persons. Institutions are assigned one of four ratings: Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve or Substantial Noncompliance. This assessment is considered for any bank that applies to merge or consolidate with or acquire the assets or assume the liabilities of an IDI, or to open or relocate a branch office. The CRA record of each subsidiary bank of a FHC also is assessed by the Federal Reserve in connection with reviewing any proposed acquisition or merger application. Regions Bank s most recent CRA rating from the Federal Reserve was Satisfactory. Compensation Practices Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve. The federal banking regulators have provided guidance designed to ensure that incentive compensation arrangements at banking organizations take into account risk and are consistent with safe and sound practices. The guidance sets forth the following three key principles with respect to incentive compensation arrangements: (i) the arrangements should provide employees with incentives that appropriately balance risk and financial results in a manner that does not encourage employees to expose their organizations to imprudent risk; (ii) the arrangements should be compatible with effective controls and risk management; and (iii) the arrangements should be supported by strong corporate governance. The guidance provides that supervisory findings with respect to incentive compensation will be incorporated, as appropriate, into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or perform other actions. The guidance also provides that enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements or related risk management, control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness. Anti-Money Laundering A continued focus of governmental policy relating to financial institutions in recent years has been combating money laundering and terrorist financing. Regions Bank is subject to the reporting and recordkeeping requirements of the BSA. The BSA requires financial institutions to, among other things, establish and maintain procedures reasonably designed to assure and monitor compliance with BSA regulatory requirements. The USA PATRIOT Act, which amended the BSA, broadened the application of anti-money laundering regulations to apply to additional types of financial institutions such as broker-dealers and insurance companies, and strengthened the ability of the U.S. government to help prevent, detect and prosecute international money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The principal provisions of Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act require that regulated financial institutions, including state member banks: (i) establish an anti-money laundering program that includes internal policies, procedures and internal controls, the designation of a chief compliance officer, as well as training and audit 17 Table of Contents components; (ii) comply with regulations regarding the verification of the identity of any person seeking to open an account; (iii) take additional required precautions with non-U.S. owned accounts; and (iv) perform certain due diligence on private bank accounts and due diligence on and verification and certification of money laundering risk for their foreign correspondent banking relationships. The USA PATRIOT Act also requires federal banking regulators to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering in determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition. A financial institution's failure to comply with the BSA could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. Regions Bank has continued to augment its anti-money laundering compliance program to comply with the BSA and its implementing regulations and will continue to revise and update its anti-money laundering policies, procedures and controls to reflect future regulatory changes. The AMLA, which amends the BSA, was enacted in January 2021. Among other things, the AMLA codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development of standards by the U.S. Treasury for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; and expands enforcement- and investigation-related authority, including a significant expansion in the available sanctions for certain BSA violations. Many of the statutory provisions in the AMLA will require additional rulemaking, reports and other measures, and the impact of the AMLA will depend on, among other things, implementation guidance. As required by AMLA, in June 2021, FinCEN, which promulgates the implementing regulations of the USA PATRIOT Act, BSA, and other anti-money laundering legislation, issued the national anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism priorities. The priorities include: corruption, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, transnational crime, drug trafficking, human trafficking and proliferation financing. Banks are not required to implement any immediate changes related to the national priorities to their anti-money laundering compliance programs until FinCEN issues the implementing regulations related to the national priorities. Bank regulators continue to examine financial institutions for anti-money laundering compliance and Regions Bank will continue to monitor and augment, where necessary, our anti-money laundering compliance framework, including the anti-money laundering program, policies and procedures of Regions Bank to ensure that it is commensurate with our risk profile. Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation The U.S. has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals, organizations, regimes and other entities. In the United States, economic sanctions are administered by OFAC. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets, issues regulations and implements executive orders that restrict dealings with certain countries and territories. Territorial sanctions, which target certain countries, regions and territories, take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to, making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property within U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). OFAC also administers sanctions lists that have various associated prohibitions, including the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List. U.S. persons are prohibited from dealing with Specially Designated Nationals regardless of location, and all assets of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons are blocked. Blocked assets (e.g., property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a general or specific license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences. Climate-Related Developments Climate change and the risks it may pose to financial institutions has, in the recent past, been an area of focus by the federal and state legislative bodies and regulators, including the federal banking agencies. In the future, new regulations or guidance may be issued, or other regulatory or supervisory actions may be taken, in this area by the federal banking agencies or other regulatory agencies. In addition, many states have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws that address climate-related and other issues that might arise. These laws may increase our compliance costs and may include provisions that conflict with other state and federal regulations, or limit our ability to conduct business in certain jurisdictions. The Company will continue monitoring legislative and regulatory activity that may implicate potential new legal or regulatory obligations on our part and evaluating their potential impact to Regions. Regulation of Broker Dealers and Investment Advisers Our subsidiaries, Regions Securities and BlackArch Securities LLC, are registered broker-dealers with the SEC and FINRA, and Regions Investment Management, Inc. and Highland Associates, Inc. are registered investment advisers with the SEC. These subsidiaries are, as a result, subject to regulation and examination by the SEC, FINRA and other self-regulatory organizations. These regulations cover a broad range of issues, including capital requirements; sales and trading practices; use of client funds and securities; the conduct of directors, officers and employees; record-keeping and recording; supervisory procedures to prevent improper trading on material non-public information; qualification and licensing of sales personnel; and limitations on the extension of credit in securities transactions. In addition to federal registration, state securities commissions require the registration of certain broker-dealers and investment advisers. 18 Table of Contents Competition All aspects of our business are highly competitive. Our subsidiaries compete with other financial institutions located in the states in which they operate and other adjoining states, as well as large banks in major financial centers and other financial intermediaries, such as savings and loan associations, credit unions, fintechs, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking firms, mortgage companies and financial service operations of major commercial and retail corporations. We expect competition to remain intense among financial services companies. Our success will depend, in part, on market acceptance and regulatory approval of new products and services. Further, we expect consolidation in the financial services industry to continue, which may produce larger, better-capitalized and more geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wide array of financial products and services at competitive prices. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer traditional bank or bank-like products and services and therefore compete with financial institutions like us. In particular, the activity of fintechs has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to continue to grow. A number of fintechs have applied for, and in some cases been granted, bank or industrial loan charters, while other fintechs have partnered with existing banks to allow them to offer deposit products to their customers. In addition to fintechs, traditional technology companies have begun to make efforts toward providing financial services directly to their customers. Many of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. As digital capabilities have become a competitive necessity, Regions provides an array of digital products and services to our customers. The continued move toward digital banking and financial services, combined with customer expectations regarding digital offerings, will require us to invest greater resources in technological improvements. Customers for banking services and other financial services offered by our subsidiaries are generally influenced by convenience, quality of service, price of service, personal contacts, the quality of the technology that supports the customer experience and availability of products. Although our position varies in different markets, we believe that our affiliates effectively compete with other financial services companies in their relevant market areas. Moreover, DeFi platforms, cryptocurrencies and related blockchain-enabled financial products and services have intensified competition for traditional financial institutions, as customers gain access to alternative platforms that facilitate payments, lending, trading, custody, settlement and other financial services. Nevertheless, we believe that we can effectively adapt our products, technologies and strategic partnerships to evolving customer preferences. Human Capital One pillar of our strategic priorities at Regions is the commitment to Build the Best Team . We believe one of the biggest differentiators of our performance is the people we employ. The need to attract, retain and develop the right talent to accomplish our strategic plan is central to our success. As of December 31, 2025, Regions and its subsidiaries had 19,969 full-time equivalent employees supporting our consumer and commercial banking, wealth management and mortgage product and services primarily across the Southeast, Midwest and Texas. A strong and impactful human capital program begins at the top. Our Board oversees our corporate strategy and sets the tone for our culture, values and high ethical standards, and through its committees, holds management accountable. The primary committee responsible for the oversight of human capital is the CHR Committee. The CHR Committee strategically meets with subject matter experts regarding talent management and acquisition, succession planning, associate conduct, associate learning and development, and associate retention. Additionally, on a quarterly basis the CHR Committee reviews the HCM Dashboard which includes a mixture of trending and point-in-time metrics designed to provide information about, and analysis of, our workforce, including its stability (retention, turnover, etc.); talent acquisition; and associate conduct and engagement. In order to build the best team, it is necessary for us to fill talent needs with qualified and engaged associates. Key to our success is our internal talent management program which strives to optimally deploy existing talent across Regions by focusing on where our associates excel and helping them find the best roles that maximize their talents, abilities and interests. For those roles which we fill externally, we continually build talent pipelines with an eye toward not only current needs, but also future demands of our business. Regions uses innovative tools and structured processes to achieve our goals including applications and resources designed to reach broader audiences. Our recruiting technology is agile, user friendly and allows us to offer to candidates a robust understanding of our needs, requirements and a view of our culture to support the building of an engaged workforce. We also consider it critical to our success to invest in the professional development of all of our associates. We emphasize our commitment to professional development through opportunities such as technical, skills-based, management, and leadership training programs; formal talent and performance management processes; and sustainable career paths. We also aim to prepare our workforce for a rapidly changing environment and understand that reskilling and upskilling are crucial to staying competitive, meeting the needs of the modern workforce, and retaining associates. We have established a customized learning experience platform that provides the tools to measure, build, and communicate skills inside the Company. This tool provides the ability to inventory the skills our associates have, allowing us to target our development efforts on specific areas where 19 Table of Contents elevated skills are needed. Regions also offers leader development programs created to help people managers understand how to evaluate performance by leveraging the power of a strengths-based and engagement-focused workforce and culture. Our partnership with Guild, an education, skilling and mobility solution provider has allowed us to transition our tuition reimbursement program for associates to a best-in-class tuition assistance program that targets adult learners and provides coaching support and access to a curated catalog from Guild s Learning Marketplace. Through the Guild program, associates can now pursue a degree or other educational opportunities while building their career at the same time. By removing barriers and expanding access to education, we are continuing our commitment to Build the Best Team. Understanding that automation, cognitive technologies and the open talent economy are reshaping the future of work, Regions makes available to technology associates courses on-demand that offer intensive learning in application development, information technology operations, security and technology architecture. This solution also offers professional development for data and business professionals. In addition, almost all associates may access a full suite of courses regardless of whether the application is needed in their current role. We aim to offer competitive and fair compensation to our associates. Base salaries are established considering market competitive rates for specific roles; additionally, on an individual basis base salaries reflect the experience and performance levels of our associates. We assess the competitiveness of our ranges on an annual basis by benchmarking our rates against those paid by our peers. In addition to base salaries, we promote a robust pay-for-performance philosophy and incentivize a large majority of our associate population with incentive compensation designed to drive strategies, behaviors and business goals within our unique lines of business. Long-term stock-based incentive compensation is also key to the attraction and retention of key talent and is offered thoughtfully to our executive and leadership ranks. We believe tying the interests of our leaders to those of our shareholders creates a strong link to company performance. As the success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our associates, we aim to offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits program to support associates throughout all life stages. Our benefits include comprehensive health, life, and disability coverage that are funded in whole or in part by the Company as well as a 401(k) plan with a dollar-for-dollar company match on employee contributions up to 5 percent of pay and a base contribution of 2 percent of pay for all associates who do not participate in our grandfathered pension program. We also offer our associates programs and tools to support their total well-being including a range of flexible work arrangements, generous time-off policies, physical, mental and financial wellness benefits as well as other programs and practices that support associates and their families throughout the full spectrum of their careers and lives. Available Information We maintain a website at ir.regions.com. We make available on our website, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, Form DEF 14A, and current reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, and amendments to those reports that are filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These documents are made available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC also maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including Regions. Also available on our website are our (i) Corporate Governance Principles, (ii) Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, (iii) Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, (iv) Fair Disclosure Policy, (v) the charters of our Audit Committee, CHR Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Risk Committee, Technology Committee, and Executive Committee, and (vi) a number of voluntary disclosures, reports and other documents. Information included on our website is not incorporated into, or otherwise made a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in the Company involves risks, some of which, including market, credit, technology, strategic, operational, reputational, legal, regulatory and compliance, liquidity, talent management, estimate and assumption and other external risks, could be substantial and is inherent in our business. These risks also include the possibility that the value of the investment could decrease considerably, and dividends or other distributions concerning the investment could be reduced or eliminated. Discussed below are risk factors that could adversely affect our financial results and condition, as well as the value of, and return on investment in the Company. Market Risks Our businesses have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally. We provide traditional commercial, retail and mortgage banking services, as well as other financial services including asset management, wealth management, securities brokerage, merger-and-acquisition advisory services and other specialty financing. All of our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions 20 Table of Contents generally or specifically in the South, Midwest and Texas, the principal markets in which we conduct business. A worsening of business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business could have adverse effects on our business, including the following: A decrease in the demand for, or the availability of, loans and other products and services offered by us, including as a result of changing interest rate and spread conditions; A decrease in the value of our investment securities or other fixed-rate assets as a result of changing interest rate or spread conditions; A decrease in the value of our loans held for sale or other assets secured by consumer or commercial real estate; An impairment of certain intangible assets, such as goodwill; A decrease in interest income from variable rate loans, due to declines in interest rates; A decrease in the supply of deposits or the need to price interest-bearing deposits higher due to competitive forces or market rate fluctuations, which could result in substantial increase in cost to retain and service deposits; A change in the pricing or spread environment could adversely impact the yields received on newly originated loans or securities. In the event of severely adverse business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business, there can be no assurance that the federal government and the Federal Reserve would intervene or make adjustments to trade, fiscal or monetary policy, including tariffs, that would cause business and economic conditions to improve. If business and economic conditions worsen or volatility increases, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and the effects of inflation, which has led to increased costs for businesses and consumers and potentially contribute to poor business economic conditions, has and may continue to enhance or contribute to some of the risks of our business. For example, higher inflation, or volatility and uncertainty related to inflation, has and may continue to reduce demand for our products, adversely affect the creditworthiness of the Company s borrowers, lower values for our investment securities and other fixed-rate assets, or otherwise adversely affect our businesses, financial conditions and results of operations. Fluctuations in market interest rates, including the level and shape of the yield curve, may adversely affect our performance. Our profitability depends to a large extent on our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income received on interest-earning assets (primarily loans, leases, investment securities and cash balances held at the Federal Reserve Bank) and the interest expense incurred in connection with interest-bearing liabilities (primarily deposits and borrowings). The level of net interest income is mostly a function of the average balance of interest-earning assets, the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities and the spread between the yield on such assets and the cost of such liabilities. These factors are influenced by both the pricing and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by external factors such as the local economy, competition and demand for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the FOMC and interest rates markets. The cost of our deposits and short-term wholesale borrowings is heavily impacted by market-based liquidity conditions and interest rates, factors which are influenced directly and indirectly by a mixture of effects including the FOMC s monetary policy, and economic and financial conditions. Moreover, the market s expectation of the future course of FOMC policy and economic factors interact to influence the path for market interest rates, relative interest rate relationships and the shape of the yield curve. Yields generated by our loans and securities and the costs of deposits and wholesale borrowings are driven by both short-term and longer-term interest rates to different degrees, thus impacting net interest income. If the yields on our interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster pace than the yields on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income may decline. Our net interest income could be similarly affected if the yields on our interest-earning assets decline at a faster pace than the yields on our interest-bearing liabilities. Finally, interest rate volatility and levels directly impact the value of certain fixed-rate assets and liabilities, which may impact unrealized gains or unrealized losses in our portfolios. The monetary policy tightening cycle observed from 2022 through mid-2024 led to increased volatility in fixed income markets. After the benchmark Federal funds interest rates reached a peak range between 5.25 percent and 5.50 percent in 2023 and into 2024, the FOMC reduced the Federal funds rate in 2024 and 2025 ending with a range of 3.50 percent and 3.75 percent. While it is anticipated that the FOMC will continue its rate easing cycle, the range of potential rate paths over the coming year is wide and will ultimately be driven by the path of inflation, labor market performance and economic growth. Estimates for net interest income exposure to interest rate changes have been reduced recently. While a persistently elevated rate environment would continue to support net interest income, elevated rates also increase the cost of funding and the potential for higher levels of competition for deposits. Additionally, elevated interest rates would increase debt service requirements for some of our borrowers and may adversely affect those borrowers ability to pay as contractually obligated, 21 Table of Contents ultimately resulting in additional delinquencies or charge-offs. Conversely, should interest rates move lower, net interest income is well supported by a mostly neutral interest rate risk position aided by the Company s interest rate hedging program. In this environment, deposit and funding costs will move lower; however, net interest income may be adversely impacted if those costs cannot move lower as fast as expected. To the extent that the yield curve steepens, net interest income would benefit, primarily from the additional yield provided to fixed rate asset reinvestment and production, without a commensurate offset from increasing funding costs. Conversely, a flatter yield curve would reduce net interest income, all else equal. Sustained higher interest rates and continued Federal Reserve asset reductions may adversely affect market stability, market liquidity and the Company s financial performance and condition. We cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects such changes may have on our activities and financial results. For a more detailed discussion of these risks and our management strategies for these risks, see the Executive Overview, Net Interest Income, Margin and Interest Rate Risk, Net Interest Income and Margin, Market Risk-Interest Rate Risk and Securities sections of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Credit Risks If we experience greater credit losses in our loan portfolios than anticipated, our earnings may be materially adversely affected. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our customers will be unable to repay their loans and leases according to their terms and that any collateral securing the payment of their loans and leases may not be sufficient to assure repayment. Customers or counterparties may become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or leases, which could result in a higher level of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, and provisions for credit losses. Credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio and provide an allowance based on a number of factors. Our management periodically determines the allowance for credit losses based on available information, including the quality of the loan portfolio, the value of the underlying collateral and the level of non-accrual loans, taking into account relevant information about past events, current conditions and R S forecasts of future economic conditions that affect the collectability of our loan portfolio. If, as a result of general economic conditions, there is a decrease in asset quality or growth in the loan portfolio and management determines that additional increases in the allowance for credit losses are necessary, we may incur additional expenses which will reduce our net income and could materially affect our financial condition. Although our management will establish an allowance for credit losses it believes is appropriate to absorb expected credit losses over the life of loans in our loan portfolio, this allowance may not be adequate. For example, if economic conditions in those markets were to significantly deteriorate unexpectedly, additional credit losses not incorporated in the existing allowance for credit losses may occur. Losses in excess of the existing allowance for credit losses will reduce our net income and could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, perhaps materially. In addition, bank regulatory agencies will periodically review our allowance for credit losses and the value attributed to non-accrual loans and to real estate acquired through foreclosure. Such regulatory agencies may require us to adjust our determination of the value for these items. These adjustments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Any future reductions in our credit ratings may increase our funding costs and place limitations on business activities. The major ratings agencies regularly evaluate us, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. In general, ratings agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix and level and quality of earnings, and we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings. The ratings assigned to Regions and Regions Bank remain subject to change at any time, and it is possible that any ratings agency could take action to downgrade Regions, Regions Bank or both in the future. Additionally, ratings agencies may also make substantial changes to their ratings policies and practices, which may affect our credit ratings. In the future, changes to existing ratings guidelines and new ratings guidelines may, among other things, adversely affect the ratings of our securities or other securities in which we have an economic interest. Our credit ratings can have negative consequences that can impact our ability to access the debt and cap