=== BRO_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risks Related to Our Business OUR INABILITY TO HIRE, RETAIN AND DEVELOP QUALIFIED EMPLOYEES, AS WELL AS THE LOSS OF ANY OF OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OR OTHER KEY EMPLOYEES, COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR ABILITY TO RETAIN EXISTING BUSINESS, GENERATE NEW BUSINESS AND/OR INNOVATE. Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and develop skilled and experienced personnel. There is significant competition within the insurance industry and from businesses outside the industry for exceptional employees, especially in key positions. If we are not able to successfully attract, retain, develop and motivate our employees, our business, financial results and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. Our success and future performance depend in part upon the continued services of our executive officers, senior management, and other highly skilled personnel. Losing employees who manage or support substantial customer relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete customer engagements and/or innovate, which would adversely affect our results of operations. This risk may be increased by remote or hybrid working arrangements, which may make our employees more vulnerable to solicitations by competing firms. Competition for skilled professionals remains intense, and employers are implementing new offerings to attract talent, including increasing compensation, enhancing health and wellness solutions, and providing in-office and remote work options. We may be unable to retain our employees if we do not offer employment terms that are competitive with the rest of the labor market. We may have to devote significant resources to attract and retain talent, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our employees have been, and may continue to be, subject to poaching efforts by our competitors. Also, if any of our key employees were to join a competitor or form a competing company, some of our customers could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services, which has occurred in the past and may occur again. While our key employees are generally prohibited by contract from soliciting our employees and customers for a two-year period following separation from employment with us, they are not prohibited from competing with us. Similarly, if an employee joins us from a competitor and is subject to enforceable restrictive covenants, we may be delayed in optimizing the employee’s potential. In addition, regulation or legislation impacting the workforce or the ability to enforce employment-related restrictive covenants (due to applicable laws or regulations), may lead to increased uncertainty and competition for talent. Our key personnel, including our executive officers, may be subject to targeted cybersecurity or physical threats, which, if realized, could adversely affect our business. In addition to the potential impact to us if these risks are realized, which may include reputational harm, the loss of such key personnel or their inability to continue their service with us, we may incur additional expenses to offer monitoring or protection for such key personnel against these threats. In addition, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior leaders and key executives, fail to successfully execute such plan, or if such plans are not well-received by our investors, customers, business partners or employees. The succession plans and employment arrangements we have in place with certain key executives do not guarantee that the services of these executives will continue to be available to us. The loss of our senior leaders or other key employees, or our inability to continue to identify, recruit and retain such personnel, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. A CYBERSECURITY ATTACK, OR ANY OTHER INTERRUPTION IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND/OR DATA SECURITY THAT MAY IMPACT OUR OPERATIONS OR THE OPERATIONS OF THIRD PARTIES THAT SUPPORT US, COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND REPUTATION. We rely on information technology and third-party vendors to provide effective and efficient service to our customers, process claims, and timely and accurately report information to carriers, which often involves secure processing of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of information. We face potential threats due to new and increasingly sophisticated methods of attack. Cybersecurity breaches of any of the systems we rely on may result from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, software bugs, malicious or destructive code, hacking, social engineering attacks (including “phishing” attacks, business email compromise and digital or telephonic impersonation), computer viruses, ransomware, malware, employee or insider error or threats, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions, any of which could expose us to unauthorized access, exfiltration, manipulation, corruption, loss or 13 disclosure of proprietary, customer, employee or other data, the inability to render services due to system outages or other business disruptions, regulatory action and scrutiny, monetary and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. Further, the advance of generative artificial intelligence (“AI”) may give rise to additional vulnerabilities and potential entry points for cyber threats. With generative AI tools, threat actors may have additional tools to automate breaches or persistent attacks, evade detection, or generate sophisticated phishing emails or other forms of digital impersonation, doing so quickly and without requiring deep technical understanding of potential exploits. In addition, increasing use of generative AI models in our internal systems may create new attack methods for adversaries. Because generative AI is a new field, our understanding of cybersecurity risks resulting from generative AI and protection methods continues to develop, and features that rely on generative AI, including in services provided to us by third parties, may be susceptible to unanticipated cybersecurity threats from sophisticated adversaries and other cybersecurity incidents. Any of the foregoing may be exacerbated by a delay or failure to detect a cybersecurity incident or the full extent of such incident. A compromise may not manifest itself for months, or even years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. In addition, disclosure or media reports of actual or perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems or those of our third-party service providers, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred, could lead to reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, or increased regulatory actions and scrutiny. The risk of such cybersecurity breaches may be increased by our reliance on work-from-home or other remote work technologies. An interruption of our access to, or an inability to access, our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. If sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions. We have from time to time experienced cybersecurity incidents, such as malware infections, phishing campaigns, ransomware and vulnerability exploit attempts, which to date have not had a material impact on our business. We are an acquisitive organization, and the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risks as we might not adequately identify weaknesses in the acquired company’s information systems, which could expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to attack. These risks may be exacerbated in connection with the integration of Accession. In the future, any material breaches of cybersecurity, or media reports of the same, even if untrue, could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, loss of proprietary data, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard customers’ information, impairment of invested capital or financial losses. Such losses may not be insured against or not fully covered through insurance we maintain. Despite our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity threats, we cannot guarantee our measures will prevent, contain, detect, or remediate all incidents. The costs and operational consequences of enhancing system protections could rise significantly as threats increase. While we endeavor to design and implement technologies, policies and procedures to identify such incidents as quickly as possible, any response could take substantial time, and there may be extensive delays before we obtain full and reliable information. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all of which may further increase the costs and consequences of such incident. Any of these losses may not be insured against or be fully covered by insurance we maintain. Additionally, our control over and ability to monitor the cybersecurity practices of our third-party vendors and service providers, and other third parties with whom we do business, remains limited, and there can be no assurance that we can prevent, mitigate, or remediate the risk of any compromise or failure in the cybersecurity infrastructure owned or controlled by such third parties. Additionally, any contractual protections with such third parties, including our right to indemnification, if any, may be limited or insufficient to prevent a negative impact on our business from such compromise or failure. Further, we cannot ensure that our and our third-party vendors’ existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all. Certain regulations and contractual obligations require us to inform regulators or affected persons in the event of a breach of confidential, personal or proprietary information on our or our third-party vendors’ systems, which we may need to deliver before we fully understand the impact of such breach resulting in damage to our reputation and our relationship with regulators and customers. As these threats evolve, cybersecurity incidents will be more difficult to detect, defend against, mitigate and remediate. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and reputation. OUR GROWTH STRATEGY DEPENDS, IN PART, ON THE ACQUISITION OF OTHER INSURANCE INTERMEDIARIES AND RELATED BUSINESSES, WHICH MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS IN THE FUTURE OR WHICH, IF CONSUMMATED, MAY NOT BE ADVANTAGEOUS TO US. Our growth strategy partially includes the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries and related businesses. Our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates, negotiate transactions on favorable terms, complete acquisitions, successfully integrate acquired businesses into our operations, including our recent acquisition of Accession, and expand into new markets requires us to implement and continuously improve our operations and our financial and management information systems. Integrated, acquired businesses may not achieve levels of revenues or profitability comparable to our existing operations, or otherwise perform as expected. In addition, we compete for acquisition and expansion opportunities with firms and banks that may have substantially greater resources than we do. If we are unable to identify appropriate acquisition targets, or if our competitors are more successful in identifying acquisition targets at favorable valuations, we may fail to achieve desired strategic goals and capabilities, and our results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, failure to successfully identify and complete acquisitions would likely result in slower growth. Acquisitions also involve a number of risks, such as diversion of management’s attention; difficulties in the integration of acquired operations and retention of employees; increase in expenses and 14 working capital requirements, which could reduce our return on invested capital; entry into unfamiliar markets or lines of business; unanticipated problems or legal liabilities; estimation of acquisition earn-outs; and tax and accounting issues, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Post-acquisition deterioration of operating performance could also result in lower or negative earnings contribution and/or goodwill impairment charges. Additional post-acquisition risks include integration into our existing culture, managing such acquired business or the larger company that results from such acquisition, an inability to establish uniform standards, controls, systems, procedures and policies, risks related to retention of personnel, entry into unfamiliar or complex markets or lines of business, contingencies or liabilities not covered by or in excess of escrowed or indemnified amounts, such as those arising from violations of sanctions laws or anti-corruption laws, risk relating to ensuring compliance with licensing and regulatory requirements and tax and accounting issues. Moreover, if we acquire a business operating in regions or industries subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny, we may face significant costs or risks in bringing their operations into compliance with applicable laws and our internal policies. Failure to address these compliance risks could result in regulatory enforcement actions, fines or damage to our reputation. Additionally, with respect to any acquisition transaction, we face risks related to the potential impacts of the transaction on relationships, including with customers, colleagues, suppliers, regulators, competitors and other third parties. We may enter new lines of business, implement new technologies, or offer new products and services within existing lines of business either through acquisitions or through initiatives to generate organic revenue growth. These new lines of business, technologies, products, and services may present us with additional risks or increased regulatory burden, particularly in instances where the markets are new or not fully developed or where participants in such markets are new entrants. Such risks include the investment of significant time and resources; the possibility that these efforts will not be successful and could result in reputational damage to us; the possibility that the marketplace does not accept our products or services, that new technologies are not effective, or that we are unable to retain customers that adopt our new products or services; and the risk of new or additional liabilities associated with these efforts, including potential errors and omissions or other claims. External factors, such as compliance with new or revised regulations, competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences may also impact the successful implementation of a line of business, product or service. If the entry into new lines of business, products or services is not successfully integrated into our business, the intended benefits will not be achieved, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, when we dispose of businesses, such as the sale of our third-party claims administration and adjusting services business in the fourth quarter of 2023, we face certain risks, including the risk that we continue to be subject to certain liabilities of those businesses following those dispositions and may not be able to negotiate for limitations on those liabilities. We are also subject to the risk that the sales price is less than the amount reflected on our balance sheet. WE HAVE OPERATIONS INTERNATIONALLY, WHICH MAY RESULT IN A NUMBER OF ADDITIONAL RISKS OR REQUIRE MORE MANAGEMENT TIME AND EXPENSE THAN OUR DOMESTIC OPERATIONS TO ACHIEVE OR MAINTAIN PROFITABILITY. We have substantial operations in the United Kingdom, as well as operations in Belgium, Bermuda, Canada, Cayman Islands, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Italy, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Republic of Ireland, Singapore and United Arab Emirates. In the future, we intend to continue to consider additional international expansion opportunities. Our international operations may be subject to a number of risks, including: • Difficulties in staffing and managing international operations, increased travel, infrastructure and legal and compliance costs and risks associated with multiple international locations; • Less flexible employee relationships, which may make it difficult and expensive to terminate employees and which limits our ability to prohibit employees from competing with us after their employment ceases; • Difficulties in maintaining, or resistance to, our corporate culture; • Political and economic instability (including acts of terrorism, military actions, armed conflicts and outbreaks of war) either in the United States or globally; • Coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and multiple time zones; • Unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws; • Adverse trade policies, trade wars or tariffs, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the U.S. or any of the international jurisdictions in which we operate; • Adverse changes in tax rates; • Variations in foreign currency exchange rates; • Legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices; • Governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to or from us, including to or from our operations outside the United States; 15 • Burdens of complying with, and the risk of employees or third parties acting on our behalf violating, anti-corruption laws in foreign countries; and • Burdens of complying with a wide variety of labor practices and international laws and or disclosure requirements, including those relating to export and import duties, environmental policies and privacy issues. The occurrence of one or more of these risks may impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition. RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE MAY REQUIRE ADDITIONAL RESOURCES AND TIME TO ADEQUATELY RESPOND TO DYNAMICS, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS. Frequent technological changes, new products and services and evolving industry standards are influencing the insurance business. The internet, for example, is increasingly used to securely transmit benefits and related information to customers, operate our day-to-day activities, and to facilitate business-to-business information exchange and transactions. We are continuously taking steps to upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities, including how we electronically interact with our customers, vendors, insurance carriers and other intermediaries. Maintaining, protecting and enhancing these capabilities to keep pace with evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, requires an ongoing commitment of significant resources. In addition, data quality, integrity and availability is increasingly important to the success of our business strategies, operations, and our ability to leverage our data, both in our products and as a strategic asset. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to effectively maintain our information systems and data quality, integrity and availability, we could experience operational disruptions, regulatory or other legal problems, increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers and/or maintaining third-party relationships or suffer other adverse consequences. Our technological development projects may not deliver the benefits we expect once they are completed or may need to be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in the accelerated recognition of expenses or write-offs. If we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology portfolio regularly, or if the costs of doing so are higher than we expect, our ability to provide competitive services to new and existing customers in a cost-effective manner and our ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted. In some cases, we depend on our partners and key vendors to provide technology support for these and other strategic initiatives. If these partners or vendors fail to perform their obligations as we expect them to do or at all or such partners or vendors otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives, and our business and results of operations, could be adversely impacted. Additionally, if we do not keep up with technological changes or execute effectively on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. For example, incorporating AI into certain product offerings is becoming more important in our operations, particularly as our competitors, including new entrants focused on using technology and innovation, such as generative AI, digital platforms, data analytics, robotics and blockchain, seek to simplify and improve the customer experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate. There are significant risks involved in our efforts to keep pace with technological developments and no assurance can be provided that the usage of such technology will enhance our business or assist us in being more efficient or profitable. While development and enhancement of our technology systems may improve the efficiency of data analytics and reduce certain costs, there is no assurance that the benefits related to such advancements will outweigh such investment costs or outweigh such risks. The enhancement and development of technology systems may enhance cybersecurity risks and operational and technological risks, as any latency, disruption or failure in such technological tools could result in errors in analyses and compromise the integrity, security or privacy of generated content. Additionally, the process of integrating technology systems of businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. We may not adequately identify weaknesses in the information systems or information handling, privacy and security policies and protocols of targets, which could expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems and data more vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents. For further discussion of risks relating to these technology systems, please see “A cybersecurity attack, or any other interruption in information technology and/or data security that may impact our operations or the operations of third parties that support us, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation” above. Additionally, we use AI and robotic processing automation (“RPA”) in our business. We are using enterprise-managed AI tools to enhance productivity and operational efficiency, and we are actively exploring use-cases. We have internal policies and controls governing the development, procurement, deployment, and use of AI and RPA by our employees designed to align with globally recognized AI principles, maintain trust with customers and protect us from cybersecurity threats, breaches of data privacy and intellectual property, errors and omissions liability and regulatory enforcement risk; however, our employees could violate these policies and they or external threat actors could circumvent our controls and expose us to such risks. Additionally, AI and RPA heavily rely on the collection and analysis of extensive data sets and interaction between systems. Due to the impracticality of incorporating all relevant data into the models or algorithms used by AI and RPA it is inevitable that data sets within these models will contain inaccuracies and errors, and potential biases. This could potentially render such models inadequate or flawed, negatively impacting the effectiveness of the technology or our services. We are exposed to the risks associated with these inaccuracies, errors and biases, 16 along with the adverse impacts that such flawed models could have on our business and operations. Furthermore, governance and ethical issues relating to the use of AI or RPA may also result in reputational harm, liability and/or financial losses. If any of our employees, contractors, consultants, vendors or service providers use any third-party AI powered software in connection with our business or the services they provide to us, it may lead to the inadvertent disclosure or incorporation of our confidential information into publicly available training sets, which may impact our ability to realize the benefit of, or adequately maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property or confidential information, harming our competitive position and business. Moreover, if we are perceived to exaggerate the effectiveness, safety or ethical design of AI systems, this could lead to regulatory enforcement, litigation or reputational harm. Any misrepresentation, intentional or unintentional, of our AI-related capabilities or initiatives could also erode trust among customers and regulators. There can be no assurance that our use of AI will enhance our products, services or operations or otherwise result in our intended outcomes. AI, RPA and related applications are developing rapidly. The use of these technologies by customers or underwriting enterprises may impact the way our business operates, and its use by our competitors and new market entrants with competing services derived from their AI capabilities may give them a competitive advantage. In addition, emerging AI-enabled platforms may enable insurers or third parties to quote, market, or sell insurance products directly to customers, potentially bypassing traditional intermediaries and reducing demand for our services. We cannot predict the effect of these changes at this time, and they may decrease the demand for our services or negatively affect our assumptions regarding the competitive landscape of our business. Further, the rapid development of these technologies may require significant efforts to upskill or reskill existing employees. Consequently, it is difficult to predict all risks associated with these new technologies, which may eventually impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition. WE DERIVE OUR COMMISSION REVENUES FROM A LIMITED NUMBER OF INSURANCE COMPANIES AND INTERMEDIARIES, THE LOSS OF WHICH COULD RESULT IN LOSS OF CAPACITY TO WRITE BUSINESS, ADDITIONAL EXPENSE AND LOSS OF MARKET SHARE OR A MATERIAL DECREASE IN OUR COMMISSIONS. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, no more than 5% of our total core commissions was derived from insurance policies underwritten by one insurance company. Should any insurance company or intermediary seek to terminate its arrangements with us or to otherwise decrease the number of insurance policies underwritten for us, we believe that other insurance companies or intermediaries are available to underwrite the business, although some additional expense and loss of market share could result. THE OCCURRENCE OF NATURAL DISASTERS COULD RESULT IN DECLINES IN PROFIT-SHARING CONTINGENT COMMISSIONS OR REDUCED INSURER CAPACITY, AND MAY ALSO SUBJECT OUR CAPTIVE INSURANCE FACILITIES TO CLAIMS EXPENSES, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Our business is exposed to various risks arising out of natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, tornadoes, droughts, extreme weather or other climate events. The occurrence of any of these events may cause a decrease to our profit-sharing contingent commissions, which are special revenue-sharing commissions paid by insurance companies based primarily upon the profitability of policies placed with such companies, generally during the prior year. The occurrence of natural disasters could also result in reduced underwriting capacity by insurance carriers, making it more difficult for us to place business, as well as cause us to incur operational challenges. If access to underwriting markets for certain lines of coverage becomes unavailable or difficult due to the impact of natural disasters, this may have a negative impact on our customers’ access to coverage and our ability to issue policies, which could negatively impact our business. Natural disasters may also subject our insurance company subsidiary operations, including the captive insurance facilities in which we participate, to claims expenses, which may be volatile. BECAUSE A SIGNIFICANT PORTION OF OUR BUSINESSES ARE CONCENTRATED IN FLORIDA, CALIFORNIA, MASSACHUSETTS, GEORGIA, MICHIGAN, AND NEW YORK, AS WELL AS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM, ADVERSE ECONOMIC CONDITIONS, NATURAL DISASTERS, OR REGULATORY CHANGES IN THESE JURISDICTIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION. A significant portion of our businesses are concentrated in Florida, Michigan, Massachusetts, California, New York and Georgia where for the year ended December 31, 2025, we derived approximately 16%, 9%, 8%,

=== BRO_2026-04-27.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A, “Risk Factors” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equi ty Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table provides information about our repurchase of shares of our common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Total number of shares purchased (1) Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (2)(3) January 1, 2026 to January 31, 2026 — $ — — $ 1,400 February 1, 2026 to February 28, 2026 3,353,268 69.90 2,984,184 1,191 March 1, 2026 to March 31, 2026 590,844 69.93 590,706 1,150 Total 3,944,112 $ 69.90 3,574,890 $ 1,150 (1) A total of (a) 369,222 shares reported in this column are attributable to shares withheld for taxes in connection with vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units under our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, and (b) 3,574,890 shares reported in this column were repurchased at an average price per share of $69.93 for a total cost of $250 million. (2) On July 18, 2014, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $200 million of the Company's shares of common stock, on July 20, 2015, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $400 million of the Company's shares of common stock, on May 1, 2019, the board of directors approved an additional repurchase authorization amount of $373 million and on October 22, 2025, the board of directors approved an additional $1,251 million increase to our existing share repurchase authorization, bringing the total remaining repurchase capacity at that time to approximately $1,500 million. After completing these open market repurchases, the Company’s outstanding board approved share repurchase authorization as of March 31, 2026, was approximately $1,150 million. Between January 1, 2014 and March 31, 2026, the Company repurchased a total of approximately 24 million shares for an aggregate cost of approximately $1,098 million. (3) Dollar values stated in millions. ITEM 5. Other Information During the first quarter of 2026 , none of the Company’s officers or directors adopted or terminated any “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 39 ITEM 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as a part of this Report: 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (adopted January 18, 2023) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2023). 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2023). 10.1 Form of Performance Stock Award Agreement under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2026). 10.2 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit10.2 to Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2026). 10.3* Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non US) under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan . 10.4* Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non US) under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan . 10.5* Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non US) under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan . 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant. 32.1 Section 1350 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant. 32.2 Section 1350 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant. 101 The following financial statements from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in inline XBRL, include: (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101). * Filed herewith 40 SIGN ATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. BROWN & BROWN, INC. /s/ R. Andrew Watts Date: April 27, 2026 R. Andrew Watts Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (duly authorized officer, principal financial officer) 41 