=== BRO_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. Ri sk Factors. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to, and could be materially adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or our anticipated future results. We present these risk factors grouped by category, and the risks factors contained in each respective category are presented in order of their relative priority to us. Risks Related to the Acquisition of Accession WE MAY FAIL TO REALIZE ALL OF THE ANTICIPATED BENEFITS OF THE TRANSACTION (INCLUDING USE OF ACCESSION S DEFERRED TAX ASSETS), AND THE TRANSACTION OR THOSE BENEFITS MAY TAKE LONGER TO REALIZE THAN EXPECTED. 11 We believe that there are significant benefits and synergies that may be realized through the Transaction. However, the efforts to realize these benefits and synergies will be a complex process and may disrupt existing operations if not implemented in a timely and efficient manner. The full benefits of the Transaction, including the anticipated synergies and growth opportunities, may not be realized as expected or may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. In addition, our use post-closing of any of Accession s deferred tax assets may be subject to limitation. Failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Transaction could adversely affect our results of operations or cash flows, and decrease or delay any anticipated accretive effect of the Transaction. FINANCING THE TRANSACTION RESULTED IN AN INCREASE IN OUR INDEBTEDNESS, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT US, INCLUDING BY DECREASING OUR BUSINESS FLEXIBILITY AND INCREASING OUR INTEREST EXPENSE. As of December 31, 2025, our total debt was $7,613 million. We financed the purchase price of the Transaction with the net proceeds of certain securities offerings and cash on hand. These increases in our indebtedness may, among other things, reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to fund capital expenditures or working capital needs. In addition, the amount of cash required to pay interest on our indebtedness, and thus the demands on our cash resources, will materially increase as a result of the Transaction. WE HAVE MADE CERTAIN ASSUMPTIONS RELATING TO THE TRANSACTION WHICH MAY PROVE TO BE MATERIALLY INACCURATE. We have made certain assumptions relating to the Transaction, which assumptions involve significant judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes inherent in the Transaction and may be materially inaccurate. These assumptions relate to numerous matters, including: projections of future revenue and our earnings per share; projections of future expenses and expense allocation relating to the Transaction and Accession; our ability to realize the expected benefits of the Transaction; unknown or contingent liabilities associated with the Transaction or Accession; our ability to maintain, develop and deepen relationships with employees, including key brokers, and customers associated with Accession; the amount of goodwill and intangibles that will result from the Transaction; other purchase accounting adjustments that we may record in our financial statements in connection with the Transaction; acquisition and integration costs, including restructuring charges and transaction costs; the impact of the financing of the Transaction on our operating results or financial condition; and other financial and strategic risks of the Transaction. WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS RELATED TO ACCESSION S BUSINESS, INCLUDING UNDERWRITING RISK IN CONNECTION WITH CERTAIN CAPTIVE INSURANCE COMPANIES. We are subject to risks related to Accession s business and assumed its insurance policies and other obligations. Accession s ownership of one or more captive insurance companies subjects us to underwriting risk through such ownership and/or participation and may also subject us to certain liabilities and expenses, including those subject to the indemnification provisions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Accession, the Company, Encore Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and Kelso RSC (Investor), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, solely in its capacity as the equityholder representative. Accession also manages one or more protected cells in certain captive insurance companies for the purpose of facilitating underwriting capacity for certain of its customers. While Accession s underwriting risk through any such captive insurance company would generally be limited (absent any regulatory requirement for the contribution of additional capital or contractual obligation to fund any underwriting losses in excess of contributed capital), we may be subject to claims expenses associated with any losses from these customers or programs to the extent not covered by any reinsurance. Our results of operations may be negatively impacted if any such captive insurance company incurs claims expenses. Relatedly, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the litigation pending against Accession s subsidiary, Oxford Risk Management Group LLC, with respect to the 2024 restructuring of the domicile of certain financial guarantee and final judgment preservation policies for segregated captive cells (the FG Policies ), including remedies, damage awards or adverse results in such litigation, and any similar proceedings could have a material adverse effect on us. Our results of operations would be negatively impacted if the costs of the claims relating to the FG Policies exceed the value of the cash within the captives, as well as the cash and stock held in the indemnity escrow fund pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. 12 In addition, Accession has an advisory services business that assists certain customers with the establishment of captive insurance companies, for their own purposes, which leverage the benefits of Section 831(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and which are subject to audit and oversight from the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ). The IRS has conducted investigations, and may be conducting investigations, of certain peers of Accession that also provide similar services, with respect to whether or not such third parties are acting as a tax shelter promoter in connection with those operations. If the IRS were to disallow 831(b) elections, modify its guidance around 831(b) elections, or otherwise investigate our business and conclude that we are not in compliance with IRS regulations, whether or not merited, those events could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, where our businesses overlap, any risks we face may be intensified due to the Transaction. This may exacerbate the risks we already undertake, as described in this Item 1A. Risks Related to Our Business OUR INABILITY TO HIRE, RETAIN AND DEVELOP QUALIFIED EMPLOYEES, AS WELL AS THE LOSS OF ANY OF OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OR OTHER KEY EMPLOYEES, COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR ABILITY TO RETAIN EXISTING BUSINESS, GENERATE NEW BUSINESS AND/OR INNOVATE. Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and develop skilled and experienced personnel. There is significant competition within the insurance industry and from businesses outside the industry for exceptional employees, especially in key positions. If we are not able to successfully attract, retain, develop and motivate our employees, our business, financial results and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. Our success and future performance depend in part upon the continued services of our executive officers, senior management, and other highly skilled personnel. Losing employees who manage or support substantial customer relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete customer engagements and/or innovate, which would adversely affect our results of operations. This risk may be increased by remote or hybrid working arrangements, which may make our employees more vulnerable to solicitations by competing firms. Competition for skilled professionals remains intense, and employers are implementing new offerings to attract talent, including increasing compensation, enhancing health and wellness solutions, and providing in-office and remote work options. We may be unable to retain our employees if we do not offer employment terms that are competitive with the rest of the labor market. We may have to devote significant resources to attract and retain talent, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our employees have been, and may continue to be, subject to poaching efforts by our competitors. Also, if any of our key employees were to join a competitor or form a competing company, some of our customers could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services, which has occurred in the past and may occur again. While our key employees are generally prohibited by contract from soliciting our employees and customers for a two-year period following separation from employment with us, they are not prohibited from competing with us. Similarly, if an employee joins us from a competitor and is subject to enforceable restrictive covenants, we may be delayed in optimizing the employee s potential. In addition, regulation or legislation impacting the workforce or the ability to enforce employment-related restrictive covenants (due to applicable laws or regulations), may lead to increased uncertainty and competition for talent. Our key personnel, including our executive officers, may be subject to targeted cybersecurity or physical threats, which, if realized, could adversely affect our business. In addition to the potential impact to us if these risks are realized, which may include reputational harm, the loss of such key personnel or their inability to continue their service with us, we may incur additional expenses to offer monitoring or protection for such key personnel against these threats. In addition, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior leaders and key executives, fail to successfully execute such plan, or if such plans are not well-received by our investors, customers, business partners or employees. The succession plans and employment arrangements we have in place with certain key executives do not guarantee that the services of these executives will continue to be available to us. The loss of our senior leaders or other key employees, or our inability to continue to identify, recruit and retain such personnel, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. A CYBERSECURITY ATTACK, OR ANY OTHER INTERRUPTION IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND/OR DATA SECURITY THAT MAY IMPACT OUR OPERATIONS OR THE OPERATIONS OF THIRD PARTIES THAT SUPPORT US, COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND REPUTATION. We rely on information technology and third-party vendors to provide effective and efficient service to our customers, process claims, and timely and accurately report information to carriers, which often involves secure processing of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of information. We face potential threats due to new and increasingly sophisticated methods of attack. Cybersecurity breaches of any of the systems we rely on may result from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, software bugs, malicious or destructive code, hacking, social engineering attacks (including phishing attacks, business email compromise and digital or telephonic impersonation), computer viruses, ransomware, malware, employee or insider error or threats, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions, any of which could expose us to unauthorized access, exfiltration, manipulation, corruption, loss or 13 disclosure of proprietary, customer, employee or other data, the inability to render services due to system outages or other business disruptions, regulatory action and scrutiny, monetary and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. Further, the advance of generative artificial intelligence ( AI ) may give rise to additional vulnerabilities and potential entry points for cyber threats. With generative AI tools, threat actors may have additional tools to automate breaches or persistent attacks, evade detection, or generate sophisticated phishing emails or other forms of digital impersonation, doing so quickly and without requiring deep technical understanding of potential exploits. In addition, increasing use of generative AI models in our internal systems may create new attack methods for adversaries. Because generative AI is a new field, our understanding of cybersecurity risks resulting from generative AI and protection methods continues to develop, and features that rely on generative AI, including in services provided to us by third parties, may be susceptible to unanticipated cybersecurity threats from sophisticated adversaries and other cybersecurity incidents. Any of the foregoing may be exacerbated by a delay or failure to detect a cybersecurity incident or the full extent of such incident. A compromise may not manifest itself for months, or even years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. In addition, disclosure or media reports of actual or perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems or those of our third-party service providers, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred, could lead to reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, or increased regulatory actions and scrutiny. The risk of such cybersecurity breaches may be increased by our reliance on work-from-home or other remote work technologies. An interruption of our access to, or an inability to access, our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. If sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions. We have from time to time experienced cybersecurity incidents, such as malware infections, phishing campaigns, ransomware and vulnerability exploit attempts, which to date have not had a material impact on our business. We are an acquisitive organization, and the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risks as we might not adequately identify weaknesses in the acquired company s information systems, which could expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to attack. These risks may be exacerbated in connection with the integration of Accession. In the future, any material breaches of cybersecurity, or media reports of the same, even if untrue, could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, loss of proprietary data, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard customers information, impairment of invested capital or financial losses. Such losses may not be insured against or not fully covered through insurance we maintain. Despite our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity threats, we cannot guarantee our measures will prevent, contain, detect, or remediate all incidents. The costs and operational consequences of enhancing system protections could rise significantly as threats increase. While we endeavor to design and implement technologies, policies and procedures to identify such incidents as quickly as possible, any response could take substantial time, and there may be extensive delays before we obtain full and reliable information. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all of which may further increase the costs and consequences of such incident. Any of these losses may not be insured against or be fully covered by insurance we maintain. Additionally, our control over and ability to monitor the cybersecurity practices of our third-party vendors and service providers, and other third parties with whom we do business, remains limited, and there can be no assurance that we can prevent, mitigate, or remediate the risk of any compromise or failure in the cybersecurity infrastructure owned or controlled by such third parties. Additionally, any contractual protections with such third parties, including our right to indemnification, if any, may be limited or insufficient to prevent a negative impact on our business from such compromise or failure. Further, we cannot ensure that our and our third-party vendors existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all. Certain regulations and contractual obligations require us to inform regulators or affected persons in the event of a breach of confidential, personal or proprietary information on our or our third-party vendors systems, which we may need to deliver before we fully understand the impact of such breach resulting in damage to our reputation and our relationship with regulators and customers. As these threats evolve, cybersecurity incidents will be more difficult to detect, defend against, mitigate and remediate. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and reputation. OUR GROWTH STRATEGY DEPENDS, IN PART, ON THE ACQUISITION OF OTHER INSURANCE INTERMEDIARIES AND RELATED BUSINESSES, WHICH MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS IN THE FUTURE OR WHICH, IF CONSUMMATED, MAY NOT BE ADVANTAGEOUS TO US. Our growth strategy partially includes the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries and related businesses. Our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates, negotiate transactions on favorable terms, complete acquisitions, successfully integrate acquired businesses into our operations, including our recent acquisition of Accession, and expand into new markets requires us to implement and continuously improve our operations and our financial and management information systems. Integrated, acquired businesses may not achieve levels of revenues or profitability comparable to our existing operations, or otherwise perform as expected. In addition, we compete for acquisition and expansion opportunities with firms and banks that may have substantially greater resources than we do. If we are unable to identify appropriate acquisition targets, or if our competitors are more successful in identifying acquisition targets at favorable valuations, we may fail to achieve desired strategic goals and capabilities, and our results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, failure to successfully identify and complete acquisitions would likely result in slower growth. Acquisitions also involve a number of risks, such as diversion of management s attention; difficulties in the integration of acquired operations and retention of employees; increase in expenses and 14 working capital requirements, which could reduce our return on invested capital; entry into unfamiliar markets or lines of business; unanticipated problems or legal liabilities; estimation of acquisition earn-outs; and tax and accounting issues, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Post-acquisition deterioration of operating performance could also result in lower or negative earnings contribution and/or goodwill impairment charges. Additional post-acquisition risks include integration into our existing culture, managing such acquired business or the larger company that results from such acquisition, an inability to establish uniform standards, controls, systems, procedures and policies, risks related to retention of personnel, entry into unfamiliar or complex markets or lines of business, contingencies or liabilities not covered by or in excess of escrowed or indemnified amounts, such as those arising from violations of sanctions laws or anti-corruption laws, risk relating to ensuring compliance with licensing and regulatory requirements and tax and accounting issues. Moreover, if we acquire a business operating in regions or industries subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny, we may face significant costs or risks in bringing their operations into compliance with applicable laws and our internal policies. Failure to address these compliance risks could result in regulatory enforcement actions, fines or damage to our reputation. Additionally, with respect to any acquisition transaction, we face risks related to the potential impacts of the transaction on relationships, including with customers, colleagues, suppliers, regulators, competitors and other third parties. We may enter new lines of business, implement new technologies, or offer new products and services within existing lines of business either through acquisitions or through initiatives to generate organic revenue growth. These new lines of business, technologies, products, and services may present us with additional risks or increased regulatory burden, particularly in instances where the markets are new or not fully developed or where participants in such markets are new entrants. Such risks include the investment of significant time and resources the possibility that these efforts will not be successful and could result in reputational damage to us the possibility that the marketplace does not accept our products or services, that new technologies are not effective, or that we are unable to retain customers that adopt our new products or services and the risk of new or additional liabilities associated with these efforts, including potential errors and omissions or other claims. External factors, such as compliance with new or revised regulations, competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences may also impact the successful implementation of a line of business, product or service. If the entry into new lines of business, products or services is not successfully integrated into our business, the intended benefits will not be achieved, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, when we dispose of businesses, such as the sale of our third-party claims administration and adjusting services business in the fourth quarter of 2023, we face certain risks, including the risk that we continue to be subject to certain liabilities of those businesses following those dispositions and may not be able to negotiate for limitations on those liabilities. We are also subject to the risk that the sales price is less than the amount reflected on our balance sheet. WE HAVE OPERATIONS INTERNATIONALLY, WHICH MAY RESULT IN A NUMBER OF ADDITIONAL RISKS OR REQUIRE MORE MANAGEMENT TIME AND EXPENSE THAN OUR DOMESTIC OPERATIONS TO ACHIEVE OR MAINTAIN PROFITABILITY. We have substantial operations in the United Kingdom, as well as operations in Belgium, Bermuda, Canada, Cayman Islands, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Italy, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Republic of Ireland, Singapore and United Arab Emirates. In the future, we intend to continue to consider additional international expansion opportunities. Our international operations may be subject to a number of risks, including: Difficulties in staffing and managing international operations, increased travel, infrastructure and legal and compliance costs and risks associated with multiple international locations; Less flexible employee relationships, which may make it difficult and expensive to terminate employees and which limits our ability to prohibit employees from competing with us after their employment ceases; Difficulties in maintaining, or resistance to, our corporate culture; Political and economic instability (including acts of terrorism, military actions, armed conflicts and outbreaks of war) either in the United States or globally; Coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and multiple time zones; Unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws; Adverse trade policies, trade wars or tariffs, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the U.S. or any of the international jurisdictions in which we operate; Adverse changes in tax rates; Variations in foreign currency exchange rates; Legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices; Governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to or from us, including to or from our operations outside the United States; 15 Burdens of complying with, and the risk of employees or third parties acting on our behalf violating, anti-corruption laws in foreign countries; and Burdens of complying with a wide variety of labor practices and international laws and or disclosure requirements, including those relating to export and import duties, environmental policies and privacy issues. The occurrence of one or more of these risks may impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition. RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE MAY REQUIRE ADDITIONAL RESOURCES AND TIME TO ADEQUATELY RESPOND TO DYNAMICS, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS. Frequent technological changes, new products and services and evolving industry standards are influencing the insurance business. The internet, for example, is increasingly used to securely transmit benefits and related information to customers, operate our day-to-day activities, and to facilitate business-to-business information exchange and transactions. We are continuously taking steps to upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities, including how we electronically interact with our customers, vendors, insurance carriers and other intermediaries. Maintaining, protecting and enhancing these capabilities to keep pace with evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, requires an ongoing commitment of significant resources. In addition, data quality, integrity and availability is increasingly important to the success of our business strategies, operations, and our ability to leverage our data, both in our products and as a strategic asset. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to effectively maintain our information systems and data quality, integrity and availability, we could experience operational disruptions, regulatory or other legal problems, increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers and/or maintaining third-party relationships or suffer other adverse consequences. Our technological development projects may not deliver the benefits we expect once they are completed or may need to be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in the accelerated recognition of expenses or write-offs. If we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology portfolio regularly, or if the costs of doing so are higher than we expect, our ability to provide competitive services to new and existing customers in a cost-effective manner and our ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted. In some cases, we depend on our partners and key vendors to provide technology support for these and other strategic initiatives. If these partners or vendors fail to perform their obligations as we expect them to do or at all or such partners or vendors otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives, and our business and results of operations, could be adversely impacted. Additionally, if we do not keep up with technological changes or execute effectively on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. For example, incorporating AI into certain product offerings is becoming more important in our operations, particularly as our competitors, including new entrants focused on using technology and innovation, such as generative AI, digital platforms, data analytics, robotics and blockchain, seek to simplify and improve the customer experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate. There are significant risks involved in our efforts to keep pace with technological developments and no assurance can be provided that the usage of such technology will enhance our business or assist us in being more efficient or profitable. While development and enhancement of our technology systems may improve the efficiency of data analytics and reduce certain costs, there is no assurance that the benefits related to such advancements will outweigh such investment costs or outweigh such risks. The enhancement and development of technology systems may enhance cybersecurity risks and operational and technological risks, as any latency, disruption or failure in such technological tools could result in errors in analyses and compromise the integrity, security or privacy of generated content. Additionally, the process of integrating technology systems of businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. We may not adequately identify weaknesses in the information systems or information handling, privacy and security policies and protocols of targets, which could expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems and data more vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents. For further discussion of risks relating to these technology systems, please see A cybersecurity attack, or any other interruption in information technology and/or data security that may impact our operations or the operations of third parties that support us, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation above. Additionally, we use AI and robotic processing automation ( RPA ) in our business. We are using enterprise-managed AI tools to enhance productivity and operational efficiency, and we are actively exploring use-cases. We have internal policies and controls governing the development, procurement, deployment, and use of AI and RPA by our employees designed to align with globally recognized AI principles, maintain trust with customers and protect us from cybersecurity threats, breaches of data privacy and intellectual property, errors and omissions liability and regulatory enforcement risk; however, our employees could violate these policies and they or external threat actors could circumvent our controls and expose us to such risks. Additionally, AI and RPA heavily rely on the collection and analysis of extensive data sets and interaction between systems. Due to the impracticality of incorporating all relevant data into the models or algorithms used by AI and RPA it is inevitable that data sets within these models will contain inaccuracies and errors, and potential biases. This could potentially render such models inadequate or flawed, negatively impacting the effectiveness of the technology or our services. We are exposed to the risks associated with these inaccuracies, errors and biases, 16 along with the adverse impacts that such flawed models could have on our business and operations. Furthermore, governance and ethical issues relating to the use of AI or RPA may also result in reputational harm, liability and/or financial losses. If any of our employees, contractors, consultants, vendors or service providers use any third-party AI powered software in connection with our business or the services they provide to us, it may lead to the inadvertent disclosure or incorporation of our confidential information into publicly available training sets, which may impact our ability to realize the benefit of, or adequately maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property or confidential information, harming our competitive position and business. Moreover, if we are perceived to exaggerate the effectiveness, safety or ethical design of AI systems, this could lead to regulatory enforcement, litigation or reputational harm. Any misrepresentation, intentional or unintentional, of our AI-related capabilities or initiatives could also erode trust among customers and regulators. There can be no assurance that our use of AI will enhance our products, services or operations or otherwise result in our intended outcomes. AI, RPA and related applications are developing rapidly. The use of these technologies by customers or underwriting enterprises may impact the way our business operates, and its use by our competitors and new market entrants with competing services derived from their AI capabilities may give them a competitive advantage. In addition, emerging AI-enabled platforms may enable insurers or third parties to quote, market, or sell insurance products directly to customers, potentially bypassing traditional intermediaries and reducing demand for our services. We cannot predict the effect of these changes at this time, and they may decrease the demand for our services or negatively affect our assumptions regarding the competitive landscape of our business. Further, the rapid development of these technologies may require significant efforts to upskill or reskill existing employees. Consequently, it is difficult to predict all risks associated with these new technologies, which may eventually impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition. WE DERIVE OUR COMMISSION REVENUES FROM A LIMITED NUMBER OF INSURANCE COMPANIES AND INTERMEDIARIES, THE LOSS OF WHICH COULD RESULT IN LOSS OF CAPACITY TO WRITE BUSINESS, ADDITIONAL EXPENSE AND LOSS OF MARKET SHARE OR A MATERIAL DECREASE IN OUR COMMISSIONS. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, no more than 5% of our total core commissions was derived from insurance policies underwritten by one insurance company. Should any insurance company or intermediary seek to terminate its arrangements with us or to otherwise decrease the number of insurance policies underwritten for us, we believe that other insurance companies or intermediaries are available to underwrite the business, although some additional expense and loss of market share could result. THE OCCURRENCE OF NATURAL DISASTERS COULD RESULT IN DECLINES IN PROFIT-SHARING CONTINGENT COMMISSIONS OR REDUCED INSURER CAPACITY, AND MAY ALSO SUBJECT OUR CAPTIVE INSURANCE FACILITIES TO CLAIMS EXPENSES, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Our business is exposed to various risks arising out of natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, tornadoes, droughts, extreme weather or other climate events. The occurrence of any of these events may cause a decrease to our profit-sharing contingent commissions, which are special revenue-sharing commissions paid by insurance companies based primarily upon the profitability of policies placed with such companies, generally during the prior year. The occurrence of natural disasters could also result in reduced underwriting capacity by insurance carriers, making it more difficult for us to place business, as well as cause us to incur operational challenges. If access to underwriting markets for certain lines of coverage becomes unavailable or difficult due to the impact of natural disasters, this may have a negative impact on our customers access to coverage and our ability to issue policies, which could negatively impact our business. Natural disasters may also subject our insurance company subsidiary operations, including the captive insurance facilities in which we participate, to claims expenses, which may be volatile. BECAUSE A SIGNIFICANT PORTION OF OUR BUSINESSES ARE CONCENTRATED IN FLORIDA, CALIFORNIA, MASSACHUSETTS, GEORGIA, MICHIGAN, AND NEW YORK, AS WELL AS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM, ADVERSE ECONOMIC CONDITIONS, NATURAL DISASTERS, OR REGULATORY CHANGES IN THESE JURISDICTIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION. A significant portion of our businesses are concentrated in Florida, Michigan, Massachusetts, California, New York and Georgia where for the year ended December 31, 2025, we derived approximately 16%, 9%, 8%, 6%, 6%, and 5% of our annual revenue, respectively. We believe the current regulatory environment for insurance intermediaries in these states is no more restrictive than in other jurisdictions. The insurance business in the U.S. is primarily a state-regulated industry, and therefore, state legislatures may enact laws that adversely affect the insurance industry. We also derived approximately 10% of our annual revenue from our businesses located in the United Kingdom. The insurance business in the United Kingdom is regulated at the national level by the Financial Conduct Authority, which may enact laws or otherwise act in ways that adversely affect the insurance industry or our ability to continue acquiring businesses in the United Kingdom. Because our business is concentrated in the jurisdictions identified above, we face greater exposure to unfavorable changes in regulatory conditions in those jurisdictions than insurance intermediaries whose operations are more diversified through a greater number of states and/or 17 countries. In addition, the occurrence of adverse economic conditions, natural or other disasters, or other circumstances specific to or otherwise significantly impacting these jurisdictions could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes (particularly in Florida, where we have 68 offices and our headquarters, as well as in Texas, where we have 34 offices), earthquakes (including in California, where we have 22 offices), power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, fire, extreme weather conditions, geopolitical events such as terrorist acts and other natural or human-made disasters. While we have disaster recovery procedures in place, they may not be effective. Our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms. OUR CORPORATE CULTURE HAS CONTRIBUTED TO OUR SUCCESS, AND IF WE CANNOT MAINTAIN THIS CULTURE, OR IF WE EXPERIENCE A SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN MANAGEMENT, MANAGEMENT PHILOSOPHY, OR BUSINESS STRATEGY, OUR BUSINESS MAY BE HARMED. We believe that a significant contributor to our success has been our corporate culture as a lean, highly competitive, decentralized growth and profit-oriented sales and service organization. As we grow, including from the integration of employees and businesses acquired in connection with previous or future acquisitions, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively affect our profitability and/or our ability to retain and recruit people of the highest integrity and quality who are essential to our future success. We may face pressure to change our culture as we grow, particularly if we experience difficulties in attracting competent employees who are willing to embrace our culture. Remote and hybrid work arrangements may also negatively impact our ability to maintain our culture. In addition, as our organization grows and we are required (either by new regulations or otherwise) to implement more complex organizational structures, or if we experience a significant change in management, management philosophy or business strategy, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture, such as our decentralized sales and service operating model, which could negatively impact our future success. OUR COMMISSION REVENUE COULD FLUCTUATE AS A RESULT OF FACTORS OUTSIDE OF OUR CONTROL. We derive significant revenue from commissions, but do not determine the insurance premiums on which our commissions are generally based. Commission levels generally follow the same trend as premium levels, as they are a percentage of the premiums paid by the insureds. Fluctuations in the premiums charged by the insurance carriers can therefore have a direct and potentially material impact on our results of operations. Due to the cyclical nature of the insurance market and the impact of other market conditions on insurance premiums, commission levels may vary widely between financial reporting periods. An extended period of low or declining premium rates, generally known as a soft or softening market, generally leads to downward pressure on commission revenue and can have a material adverse impact on our commission revenue and operating margins. We could be negatively impacted by soft market conditions across certain sectors and geographic regions. In addition, insurance carriers may seek to reduce their expenses by reducing the commission rates payable to insurance agents, brokers or intermediaries such as us. The reduction of these commission rates, along with general volatility and/or declines in premiums, may significantly undermine our profitability. Because we do not determine the timing or extent of premium pricing changes, it is difficult to accurately forecast our commission revenue, including whether they will significantly decline. As a result, we may have to adjust our plans for future acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, loan repayments and other expenditures to account for unexpected changes in revenue, and any decreases in premium rates may adversely affect the results of our operations. In addition to movements in premium rates, our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may be challenged by disintermediation and the growing availability of alternative methods for customers to meet their risk-protection needs. This trend includes a greater willingness on the part of corporations to self-insure, the use of captive insurers, and the presence of capital markets-based solutions for traditional insurance and reinsurance needs. Further, the profitability of our risk and broking businesses depends in part on our ability to be compensated for the analytical service, underwriting and other advice that we provide, including the consulting and analytics services that we provide to insurers and customers. If we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for all of our services, our margins and profitability could decline. SIGNIFICANT OR SUSTAINED INFLATION COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including salary costs. While moderate inflation generally benefits our industry by increasing insurable asset values, significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which can have negative effects on the global economy. Lower levels of inflation may reduce our revenue growth by slowing the increase in insurable asset values. Any sustained inflation or significant increases in inflation, such as the wage inflation experienced during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and interest rates could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. WE ARE SUBJECT TO LIMITED UNDERWRITING RISK THROUGH OUR PARTICIPATION IN CAPTIVE INSURANCE FACILITIES, WHICH MAY SUBJECT US TO LIMITED CLAIMS EXPENSES. 18 From time to time, we participate in captive insurance facilities for the purpose of facilitating additional underwriting capacity for our customers and to participate in underwriting results. While our underwriting risk through our participation in these facilities is limited, we may be subject to claims expenses associated with catastrophic weather events, such as those in the third quarter of 2022 associated with Hurricane Ian. Our results of operations may be negatively impacted if any of the facilities incur claims expenses. Our F I businesses may be negatively impacted by a slowdown in vehicles sales in the united states or by regulatory changes, including tax-related changes, affecting the sale of f I products by vehicle dealers. Our F I businesses earn commissions and fees from the sale of non-insurance warranty services and products by vehicle dealers. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we derived less than 4% of our annual total revenues from our F I businesses. If there were a slowdown in vehicle sales in the United States or regulatory changes, including tax-related changes, affecting the sale of non-insurance warranty services and products by vehicle dealers, our F I businesses may be negatively impacted, which may impact our results of operation. changes in, or the termination of, certain programs administered by the U.s. federal government from which we derive revenues could adversely impact our results of operations. We face the risk that the U.S. federal government modifies, discontinues, or otherwise limits our ability to derive revenues from certain federal programs, including failure by United States Congress to appropriate funding for any such programs. These programs include the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP), the Social Security disability benefits program or the federal crop insurance program, from which in the aggregate we derive less than 5% of our annual total revenues. If any of these risks materialize, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. DUE TO INHERENT LIMITATIONS, OUR SYSTEM OF DISCLOSURE AND INTERNAL CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL IN PREVENTING ALL ERRORS OR FRAUD, OR IN INFORMING MANAGEMENT OF ALL MATERIAL INFORMATION IN A TIMELY MANNER. Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls over financial reporting and procedures will prevent all errors and fraud. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur simply because of error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of a control. There can be no assurance that the design of any of our systems of controls will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. WE RELY ON A LARGE NUMBER OF VENDORS AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES TO PERFORM KEY FUNCTIONS OF OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND TO PROVIDE SERVICES TO OUR CUSTOMERS. THESE VENDORS AND THIRD PARTIES MAY ACT OR FAIL TO ACT IN WAYS THAT COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS. We rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to provide services, data and information such as technology, information security, funds transfers, business process management, and administration and support functions that are critical to the operations of our business. These third parties include agents and other brokers and intermediaries, insurance markets, data providers, payroll service providers, software and system vendors, health plan providers, custodians, risk modeling providers, and providers of human resource functions. Certain parties may receive, or otherwise have access to, confidential customer, employee, or company information. Some of these providers are located outside the U.S., which exposes us to business disruptions and political risks inherent when conducting business outside of the U.S. As we do not control many of the actions of these third parties, we are subject to the risk that their decisions, actions, inactions or operations may adversely impact us and replacing these service providers could create significant delay in services or operations and/or additional expense. A failure by the third parties to: (i) comply with service level agreements in a high quality and timely manner, particularly during periods of our peak demand for their services, (ii) maintain adequate internal controls that may impact our own financial reporting, or (iii) adequately maintain the confidentiality of any of our data or trade secrets or adequately protect or properly use other intellectual property to which they may have access, could result in economic, financial and/or reputational harm to us. These third parties also face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential customer, employee, or Company information or failure to comply with applicable law, could cause harm to our reputation or otherwise expose us to financial liability. An interruption in or the cessation of service by any service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, non-compliance with legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, financial difficulties or for any other reason could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services, and result in contractual or regulatory penalties, liability claims from customers or employees, damage to our reputation and harm to our business. CERTAIN OF OUR SHAREHOLDERS HAVE SIGNIFICANT CONTROL. 19 At December 31, 2025, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members collectively beneficially owned approximately 13.1% of our outstanding common stock, of which J. Hyatt Brown, our chairman of the board, and his sons, J. Powell Brown, our president and chief executive officer, and P. Barrett Brown, our executive vice president, beneficially owned approximately 12.6%. As a result, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members have significant influence over (i) the election of our board of directors, (ii) the approval or disapproval of any other matters requiring shareholder approval and (iii) our affairs and policies. Risks Related to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Matters CHANGES IN DATA PRIVACY AND PROTECTION LAWS AND REGULATIONS, OR ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH SUCH LAWS AND REGULATIONS, COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL RESULTS. We are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations globally regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, retention, handling, use, processing, disclosure, cross-border transfer, destruction and security of personal data. Significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws evolve. Such laws are complex and may be interpreted and applied differently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, which may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Additionally, these laws often develop in ways we cannot predict. These laws apply to transfers of information among our affiliates, as well as to transactions we enter into with third-party vendors. For example, the European Union s General Data Privacy Regulation ( GDPR ) requires companies to satisfy requirements regarding the handling of personal and sensitive data, including its processing, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. Failure to comply with GDPR requirements could result in penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue. Additionally, a judgement by the Court of Justice of the European Union on Schrems II made cross border data transfers to organizations outside of the European Economic Area more onerous and uncertain. In addition, legislators and regulators in the U.S. have enacted and are proposing new and more robust privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations in light of the broad-based cyber-attacks at a number of companies, including the New York State Department of Financial Services Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act. Some jurisdictions provide right of action for data breaches or for collection of certain categories of personal information without consent, which may result in increased litigation. We expect additional jurisdictions to continue to adopt new privacy regulations and that existing regulations may be amended as governments continue to legislate with respect to personal data. Additionally, we are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and contractual obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection and information security. We also expect to be subject to a variety of laws and regulations governing AI and RPA, such as the EU AI Act, which was enacted in August 2024. These laws and regulations are still evolving, and while we are assessing how regulators may apply existing consumer protection, data protection and other similar laws to AI, there is uncertainty regarding the scope of new laws and how existing laws will apply. Due to this uncertainty, we may face challenges complying with existing and new laws, including achieving compliance within the required periods for compliance, and our policies and governance frameworks may not be successful in mitigating these risks. Additionally, due to the high level of uncertainty concerning the flow of personal information between these jurisdictions, our ability to offer existing and new services and increase our costs and compliance burden may be impaired. Many statutory requirements, both in the United States and abroad, include obligations for companies to notify individuals, or the applicable regulatory authority, of security breaches involving certain personal information before we fully understand or appreciate the extent of the breach, which could result from breaches experienced by us or our vendors. Additionally, many privacy laws and related rules and regulations require us to provide individuals with information on how their personal data is used within the Company or collected from our websites. In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups have and may in the future propose self-regulatory standards from time to time. These and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning data privacy and security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. Data protection laws also include strict notification requirements for organizations related to confirmed or suspected breaches. With such a limited time available to validate indicators, there is an increased risk of reporting a false alarm or immaterial breach, which may lead to reputational damage despite there not being an actual data breach. We have implemented privacy policies detailing how we collect, use, disclose, transfer across borders, retain, and otherwise process personal information but our employees, third-party vendors or other third parties we work with may not fully adhere to such policies. Such non-compliance could lead to enforcement actions or investigations if our practices are deemed deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices. These and similar initiatives around the world could increase the cost of developing, implementing or securing our servers and require us to allocate more resources towards enhanced technologies, further contributing to our technology and compliance costs. In addition, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations generally continue to increase. The enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business and could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability. Failure to comply with some of these obligations, especially those related to data retention requirements, could expose us to regulatory fines and other penalties. IMPROPER DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR BUSINESS. 20 We are responsible for maintaining the security and privacy of our customers confidential and proprietary information and the personal data of their employees. We have put in place administrative, physical, procedures and technological safeguards designed to protect the security and privacy of this information; however, we cannot guarantee that this information will not be improperly disclosed or accessed, or that the administrative, physical, procedures and technological safeguards are adequate to ensure that this information is timely disposed of or deleted in a manner compliant with such policies and applicable law or regulation. Disclosure of this information, or other security breach of our information systems, or those of third-party vendors we rely on could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts and laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues. These risks may be exacerbated in connection with the integration of Accession. THE RISK OF NON-COMPLIANCE WITH NON-U.S. LAWS, REGULATIONS AND POLICIES COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL CONDITION OR STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES. We have completed several acquisitions that have introduced us to various new geographic markets, subjecting us to additional non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies which did not previously apply to us. These laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, have become more stringent over time, could increase our cost of doing business, and could result in conflicting legal requirements. These laws and regulations include international labor and employment laws and data privacy requirements. We are subject to the risk that we, our employees and our agents may take actions determined to be in violation of any of these laws, regulations or policies, for which we might be held responsible. Actual or alleged violations could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil or criminal penalties, curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions, competitive or reputational harm, litigation or regulatory action and other consequences that might adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or strategic objectives. Additionally, new or evolving laws or regulations may also lead our customers to include contractual requirements in their agreements with us, which may increase our costs of compliance or introduce additional organizational complexity. OUR BUSINESS, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY MAY BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY CERTAIN ACTUAL AND POTENTIAL CLAIMS, REGULATORY ACTIONS AND PROCEEDINGS. We are subject to various actual and potential claims, including the claims detailed in We are subject to risks related to Accession s business, including underwriting risk in connection with certain captive insurance companies above, regulatory actions and other proceedings, including those relating to alleged errors and omissions in connection with the placement or servicing of insurance and/or the provision of services in the ordinary course of business, of which we cannot, and likely will not be able to, predict the outcome with certainty. Because we often assist customers with matters involving substantial amounts of money, including the placement of insurance and the handling of related claims that customers may assert, errors and omissions claims against us may arise alleging potential liability for all or part of the amounts in question. Also, the failure of an insurer with whom we place business could result in errors and omissions claims against us by our customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Claimants may seek large damage awards, and these claims may involve potentially significant legal costs, including punitive damages. Such claims, lawsuits and other proceedings could, for example, include claims for damages based upon allegations that our employees or sub-agents failed to procure coverage, report claims on behalf of customers, provide insurance companies with complete and accurate information relating to the risks being insured or appropriately apply funds that we hold for our customers on a fiduciary basis. In addition, given the long-tail nature of professional liability claims, errors and omissions matters can relate to matters dating back many years. Risk of errors or omissions may be higher in circumstances where we have significant numbers of departures or new joiners or other disruptions to our business, such as changes in ways of working. Such risks may also be higher in parts of our business that are not well-integrated with the rest of the Company for reasons of geography, culture, language, historical practice or other circumstances. Our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected if, in the future, our insurance coverage proves to be inadequate or unavailable, or if there is an increase in liabilities for which we self-insure. Our ability to obtain professional indemnity insurance in the amounts and with the deductibles we desire in the future may be adversely impacted by developments in the market for such insurance or our own claims experience. In addition, regardless of monetary costs, these matters could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and cause harm to our carrier, customer or employee relationships, or divert employees and management resources. OUR BUSINESS PRACTICES AND COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS WITH INSURANCE CARRIERS ARE SUBJECT TO UNCERTAINTY DUE TO POTENTIAL CHANGES IN REGULATIONS. The business practices and compensation arrangements of the insurance intermediary industry, including our practices and arrangements, are subject to uncertainty due to investigations by various governmental authorities. Many of our offices are parties to agreements with certain insurance companies, including agreements providing for potential payment of revenue-sharing commissions by insurance companies based primarily on the overall profitability of the aggregate business written with those insurance companies and/or additional factors such as retention ratios and the overall volume of business that an office or offices place with those insurance companies. Additionally, many of our offices are parties to incentive and/or supplemental commission agreements with certain insurance companies, which provide for commission rates in excess of standard commission rates to be applied to specific lines of business, such as group health business, and which are based primarily on the overall volume of business that such office or offices placed with those insurance companies. Various state legislatures or 21 legislatures in the international jurisdictions in which we operate may adopt new laws addressing contingent commission arrangements, including laws prohibiting such arrangements, and addressing disclosure of such arrangements to insureds. Various state departments of insurance or other international regulators may also adopt new regulations addressing these matters which could adversely affect our results of operations. WE COMPETE IN A HIGHLY REGULATED INDUSTRY, WHICH MAY RESULT IN INCREASED EXPENSES OR RESTRICTIONS ON OUR OPERATIONS. We conduct business throughout all of the United States of America and are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by government agencies in each of those states. The primary purpose of such regulation and supervision is to provide safeguards for policyholders rather than to protect the interests of our shareholders, and it is difficult to anticipate how changes in such regulation would be implemented and enforced. As a result, such regulation and supervision could reduce our profitability or growth by increasing compliance costs, technology compliance, restricting the products or services we may sell, the markets we may enter, the methods by which we may sell our products and services, or the prices we may charge for our services and the form of compensation we may accept from our customers, carriers and third parties. The laws of the various state jurisdictions establish supervisory agencies with broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things, licensing of entities to transact business, licensing of agents, admittance of assets, regulating premium rates, approving policy forms, regulating unfair trade and claims practices, determining technology and data protection requirements, establishing reserve requirements and solvency standards, requiring participation in guarantee funds and shared market mechanisms, and restricting payment of dividends. Also, in response to perceived excessive cost or inadequacy of available insurance, states have from time to time created state insurance funds and assigned risk pools, which compete directly, on a subsidized basis, with private insurance providers. We act as agents and brokers for such state insurance funds and assigned risk pools in California, Florida, New York, Washington as well as certain other states. These state funds and pools could choose to reduce the sales or brokerage commissions we receive. Any such reductions, in a state in which we have substantial operations could affect the profitability of our operations in such state or cause us to change our marketing focus. Further, state insurance regulators and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners continually reexamine existing laws and regulations, and such reexamination may result in the enactment of insurance-related laws and regulations, or the issuance of interpretations thereof that adversely affect our business. Certain federal financial services modernization legislation could lead to additional federal regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years, which could result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations. Other legislative developments that could adversely affect us include: changes in our business compensation model as a result of regulatory developments (for example, potential changes to the Affordable Care Act); and federal and state governments establishing programs to provide health insurance or, in certain cases, property insurance in catastrophe-prone areas or other alternative market types of coverage that compete with or completely replace, insurance products offered by insurance carriers. Also, as climate change issues become more prevalent, governments are beginning to respond to these issues. This increasing governmental focus on climate change may result in new environmental regulations, new or enhanced reporting, diligence or disclosure rules that may negatively affect us and our customers and could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess, and report. This could cause us to incur additional direct costs in complying with any new environmental regulations, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. These costs may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. INCREASING SCRUTINY AND CHANGING LAWS OR COMPETING EXPECTATIONS FROM REGULATORS, INVESTORS AND CUSTOMERS WITH RESPECT TO OUR ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE ( ESG ) PRACTICES AND DISCLOSURE CAN IMPOSE ADDITIONAL COSTS ON US OR EXPOSE US TO REPUTATIONAL, LITIGATION OR OTHER RISKS. There is continued and sometimes conflicting focus, including from governments, non-governmental organizations, regulators (including the SEC), investors and customers, on ESG issues such as environmental stewardship, climate change, greenhouse gas emissions, diversity and inclusion, human rights, racial justice and workplace conduct. Negative public perception, adverse publicity or negative comments in social media and other forums could damage our reputation if we do not, or are not perceived to, adequately or appropriately address any one or more of these issues. Any harm to our reputation could impact employee engagement and retention and the willingness of customers and others to do business with us. In addition, negative public perception resulting from the potential conflict with anti-ESG initiatives from certain U.S. state governments and other stakeholders could damage our reputation with investors, customers, employees and regulators. Public opinion and potential legal actions regarding ESG-related initiatives remain highly dynamic and can vary across stakeholders and geographies. Balancing these competing expectations globally is complex. Laws and regulations related to ESG issues continue to evolve, including in the U.S., the U.K. and the EU. New laws and regulations may impose additional compliance or disclosure obligations on us, and we may face inconsistent or conflicting requirements across jurisdictions. In particular, heightened demand for, and scrutiny of, ESG-related strategies and advice has increased the risk that we could be perceived as, or accused of, making inaccurate or misleading statements, commonly referred to as greenwashing, or that we have otherwise run afoul of regulations. Such perceptions or accusations could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory enforcement actions, and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, perceptions of our efforts to achieve ESG goals or advance ESG-related strategies may differ widely among stakeholders and could present risks to our reputation and business, including litigation risk. For example, in the U.S. there has been increased legal scrutiny on inclusion and diversity-related programs and initiatives. 22 Some investors have increased their emphasis on the ESG practices of companies across all industries, including with respect to climate and human capital management. Certain investors have developed their own ESG ratings while others use third-party benchmarks or scores to measure a company s ESG practices and make investment decisions or otherwise engage with us to influence our practices in these areas. Additionally, our customers may evaluate our ESG practices and/or request that we adopt certain ESG policies in order to work with us. Also, organizations that provide ratings information to certain investors on ESG matters may assign unfavorable ratings to us, which may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment capital to other companies or industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our costs of capital. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and new mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure, such as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive in the European Union. The impact of new laws, rules and regulations could affect our operations or require significant expenditures. Our failure to meet expectations, whether the expectations are set by us, by investors or by other stakeholders, or any other failure to make progress in this area on a timely basis, or at all, could negatively impact our reputation and our business. PROPOSED TORT REFORM LEGISLATION, IF ENACTED, COULD DECREASE DEMAND FOR LIABILITY INSURANCE, THEREBY REDUCING OUR COMMISSION REVENUES. Legislation concerning tort reform has been considered, from time to time, in the United States Congress and in several state legislatures. Among the provisions considered in such legislation have been limitations on damage awards, including punitive damages, and various restrictions applicable to class action lawsuits. Enactment of these or similar provisions by Congress, or by states in which we sell insurance, could reduce the demand for liability insurance policies or lead to a decrease in policy limits of such policies sold, thereby reducing our commission revenues. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Financing IF WE FAIL TO COMPLY WITH THE COVENANTS CONTAINED IN CERTAIN OF OUR AGREEMENTS, OUR LIQUIDITY, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED. At December 31, 2025, we believe we were in compliance with the financial covenants and other limitations contained in each of the credit agreements that govern out debt. However, failure to comply with material provisions of our covenants in these agreements or other credit or similar agreements to which we may become a party could result in a default, rendering them unavailable to us and causing a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. In the event of certain defaults, the lenders thereunder would not be required to lend any additional amounts to or purchase any additional notes from us and could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable. If the indebtedness under these agreements or our other indebtedness, were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full. CERTAIN OF OUR AGREEMENTS CONTAIN VARIOUS COVENANTS THAT LIMIT THE DISCRETION OF OUR MANAGEMENT IN OPERATING OUR BUSINESS AND COULD PREVENT US FROM ENGAGING IN CERTAIN POTENTIALLY BENEFICIAL ACTIVITIES. The restrictive covenants in our debt agreements may impact how we operate our business and prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities. In particular, among other covenants, our debt agreements require us to maintain a minimum ratio of Consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), adjusted for certain transaction-related items ( Consolidated EBITDA ), to consolidated interest expense and a maximum ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA. Our compliance with these covenants could limit management s discretion in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities. FUTURE SALES OR OTHER DILUTION OF OUR EQUITY COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK. An important way we grow our business is through acquisitions. One method of acquiring companies or otherwise funding our corporate activities is through the issuance of additional equity securities. The issuance of any additional shares of common stock is dilutive to holders of our common stock. Moreover, to the extent that we issue restricted stock units, performance stock units, restricted stock awards, performance stock awards or options to purchase shares of our common stock in the future and those options are exercised or as the restricted stock units, performance stock units, restricted stock awards or performance stock awards vest, our shareholders will experience further dilution. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights that entitle holders to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares and, therefore, such sales or offerings could result in increased dilution to our shareholders. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of shares of our common stock or the perception that such sales could occur. OUR BUSINESS, AND THEREFORE OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION, MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY FURTHER CHANGES IN THE U.S. CREDIT MARKETS. 23 The failure of any lender under our revolving credit facility (which matures in 2026) (the Revolving Credit Facility ) could adversely affect our ability to borrow on that facility, which over time could negatively impact our ability to consummate significant acquisitions or make other significant capital expenditures. Tightening conditions in the credit markets in future years could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings or renewals or refinancing. We also have a significant amount of trade accounts receivable from some insurance companies with which we place insurance. If those insurance companies were to experience liquidity problems or other financial difficulties, we could encounter delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. FLUCTUATIONS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Our non-U.S. operations are conducted primarily in the local currencies of the respective countries in which we operate. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate certain financial results from local currencies into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates that are unfavorable may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. As a result of such translations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates from period-to-period that are unfavorable to us could result in our Consolidated Financial Statements reflecting adverse period-over-period changes in our financial performance or reflecting a period-over-period improvement in our financial performance that is not as robust as it would be without such fluctuations in the currency exchange rates. We may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not be effective to offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. A DOWNGRADE TO OUR CORPORATE CREDIT RATING, THE CREDIT RATINGS OF OUR OUTSTANDING DEBT OR OTHER MARKET SPECULATION MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BORROWING COSTS AND FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY. A downgrade in our corporate credit rating or the credit ratings of our debt would increase our borrowing costs, including those under our credit facility, and reduce our financial flexibility. Real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect any trading market for, or trading value of, our securities. Such changes could result from any number of factors, including the modification by a credit rating agency of the criteria or methodology it applies to particular issuers, a change in the agency s view of us or our industry, or as a consequence of actions we take to implement our corporate strategies. If we need to raise capital in the future, any credit rating downgrade could negatively affect our financing costs or access to financing sources. A change in our credit rating could also adversely impact our competitive position. In addition, under the indentures for our Senior Notes, if we experience a ratings decline together with a change of control event, we would be required to offer to purchase these notes from holders unless we had previously redeemed those notes. We may not have sufficient funds available or access to funding to repurchase tendered notes in that event, which could result in a default under the notes. Any future debt that we incur may contain covenants regarding repurchases in the event of a change of control triggering event. Risks Related to Our Industry CHANGES IN CURRENT U.S. OR GLOBAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS, INCLUDING AN EXTENDED SLOWDOWN IN THE MARKETS IN WHICH WE OPERATE, MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS. If economic conditions were to worsen, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including declines in insurable exposure units, declines in insurance premium rates, the financial insolvency of insurance companies, or the reduced ability of customers to pay. Also, if general economic conditions are poor, some of our customers may cease operations completely or be acquired by other companies, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If these customers are affected by poor economic conditions, but yet remain in existence, they may face liquidity problems or other financial difficulties that could result in delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, decreased underwriting capacity for insurance and reinsurance may create difficulty for us to place business, which may adversely impact our ability to earn revenue. Any of these effects could decrease our net revenues and profitability. OUR CURRENT MARKET SHARE MAY DECREASE AS A RESULT OF DISINTERMEDIATION WITHIN THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY, INCLUDING INCREASED COMPETITION FROM INSURANCE COMPANIES, TECHNOLOGY COMPANIES AND THE FINANCIAL SERVICES INDUSTRY, AS WELL AS THE SHIFT AWAY FROM TRADITIONAL INSURANCE MARKETS. The insurance intermediary business is highly competitive and we actively compete with numerous firms for customers and insurance companies, many of which have relationships with insurance companies or have a significant presence in niche insurance markets that may give them an advantage over us. Other competitive concerns may include the quality of our products and services, our data analytics capabilities, our pricing and the ability of some of our customers to self-insure and the entrance of technology companies into the insurance 24 intermediary business. A number of insurance companies are engaged in the direct sale of insurance, primarily to individuals, and do not pay commissions to agents and brokers. In addition, and to the extent that banks, securities firms, private equity funds and insurance companies affiliate, the financial services industry may experience further consolidation, and we therefore may experience increased competition from insurance companies and the financial services industry, as a growing number of larger financial institutions increasingly, and aggressively, offer a wider variety of financial services, including insurance intermediary services. In addition, there has been an increase in alternative insurance markets, such as self-insurance, captives, risk retention groups and non-insurance capital markets, and we cannot be certain that such alternative markets will provide the same level of insurance coverage or profitability as traditional insurance markets. OUR BUSINESS, AND THEREFORE OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION, MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY CONDITIONS THAT RESULT IN REDUCED INSURER CAPACITY. Our results of operations depend on the continued capacity of insurance carriers to underwrite risk and provide coverage, which depends in turn on those insurance companies ability to procure reinsurance. Capacity could also be reduced by insurance companies failing or withdrawing from writing certain coverages that we offer to our customers. We have no control over these matters. To the extent that reinsurance becomes less widely available or significantly more expensive, we may not be able to procure the amount or types of coverage that our customers desire and the coverage we are able to procure for our customers may be more expensive or limited. QUARTERLY AND ANNUAL VARIATIONS IN OUR COMMISSIONS THAT RESULT FROM THE TIMING OF POLICY RENEWALS AND THE NET EFFECT OF NEW AND LOST BUSINESS PRODUCTION MAY HAVE UNEXPECTED EFFECTS ON OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Our commission income (including profit-sharing contingent commissions, incentives and supplemental commissions) can vary quarterly or annually due to the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production. We do not control the factors that cause these variations. Specifically, customers demand for insurance products can influence the timing of renewals, new business and lost business (which includes policies that are not renewed), and cancellations. In addition, we rely on insurance companies for the payment of certain commissions. Because these payments are processed internally by these insurance companies, we may not receive a payment that is otherwise expected from a particular insurance company in a particular quarter or year until after the end of that period, which can adversely affect our ability to forecast these revenues and therefore budget for significant future expenditures. Quarterly and annual fluctuations in revenues based upon increases and decreases associated with the timing of new business, policy renewals and payments from insurance companies may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Over the last three years our profit-sharing contingent commissions generally have been in the range of 3.7% to 5.6% of our previous year s total core commissions and fees. Due to, among other things, potentially poor macroeconomic conditions, the inherent uncertainty of loss in our industry and changes in underwriting criteria due in part to the high loss ratios experienced by insurance companies, we estimate the amount of profit-sharing contingent commissions we have earned for policies we have bound and are effective. Further, we have no control over the ability of insurance companies to estimate loss reserves, which affects our ability to make profit-sharing calculations. Incentives and supplemental commissions are paid by insurance companies based upon the volume of business that we place with them and are generally paid over the course of the year. Any decrease in their payment to us could adversely affect our results of operations, profitability and our financial condition. WE ARE EXPOSED TO INTANGIBLE ASSET RISK; SPECIFICALLY, OUR GOODWILL MAY BECOME IMPAIRED IN THE FUTURE. As of the date of the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2025 fiscal year, we have $15 billion of goodwill recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. We perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our goodwill may not be recoverable from estimated future cash flows. We completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of November 30, 2025 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of goodwill allocated to each reporting unit. A significant and sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate or slower growth rates could result in the need to perform an additional impairment analysis before the next annual goodwill impairment test. If determined that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, the appropriate adjustment would be recorded and could result in material charges that are adverse to our operating results and financial position. See Note 1- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4- Goodwill to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Additionally, the carrying value of amortizable intangible assets attributable to each business or asset group comprising our business is periodically reviewed by management to determine if there are events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. Accordingly, if there are any such circumstances that occur during the year, we assess the carrying value of our amortizable intangible assets by considering the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated by the corresponding business or asset 25 group. Any impairment identified through this assessment may require that the carrying value of related amortizable intangible assets be adjusted. There have been no impairments recorded to either goodwill or amortizable intangibles for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. CHANGES IN OUR ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These accounting principles require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our Consolidated Financial Statements. We are also required to make certain judgments that affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each reporting period. We periodically evaluate our estimates and assumptions including those relating to revenue recognition, valuation of goodwill and intangibles, and non-cash stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and various forward assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on specific circumstances. These assumptions and estimates involve the exercise of judgment and discretion, which may evolve over time in light of operational experience, regulatory direction, developments or changes in accounting principles or standards, and other factors. Actual results could differ from these estimates, or changes in assumptions, estimates, policies, or developments in the business may change our initial estimates, which could materially affect our Consolidated Financial Statements. 