=== PGR_2026-03-02.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors II. Insurance Risks below for more information. To help mitigate these risks, we enter into reinsurance arrangements. See the Reinsurance section below for further discussion of our reinsurance programs. Our Personal Lines products are sold through both the agency and direct channels. Agency Distribution Channel The agency personal vehicle business includes business written by our network of more tha n 40,000 independent insurance agencies located throughout the U.S., as well as brokerages in New York and California. T hese independent insurance agents and brokers have the ability to place business with Progressive for specified insurance coverages within prescribed underwriting guidelines, subject to compliance with our mandated procedures. The agents and brokers do not have authority to establish underwriting guidelines, develop rates, settle or adjust claims, or enter into other transactions or commitments. The agency personal vehicle business also writes insurance through strategic alliance business relationships with other insurance companies, financial institutions, and national agencies. The total personal vehicle net premiums written through the agency channel represented 43% of our total personal vehicle volume in 2025, 45% in 2024, and 46% in 2023. Our personal property business is primarily written through the independent agency channel and through select agents under our Platinum program as part of our Destination Era strategy, discussed below. The total personal property net premiums written through the agency channel represented 72% of our total personal property volume in 2025, 74% in 2024, and 77% in 2023. Direct Distribution Channel The direct personal vehicle business includes business written directly by us online or by phone. The total net premiums written by the direct personal vehicle business represented 57% of our total personal vehicle volume in 2025, 55% in 2024, and 54% in 2023. Our direct personal property business is written by us over the phone and through HomeQuote Explorer (HQX), our multi-carrier, direct-to-consumers online personal property offering. The HQX online buy button is available in almost every state. In addition to being able to quote our personal property products on HQX, consumers are able to quickly and easily compare homeowners insurance online from Progressive and other carriers. The total net premiums written by the direct personal property business represented 28% of our total personal property volume in 2025, 26% in 2024, and 23% in 2023. - 2 - We continue to provide personal auto customers in both the agency and direct channels the opportunity to improve their auto insurance rates based on their personal driving behavior through Snapshot , our usage-based insurance (UBI) program. We offer Snapshot through our hardware-based and/or mobile-app versions in all states, other than California. We believe this mobile app improves the user experience. In addition to the personal benefits for our customers, the data collected via the mobile app affords us a unique perspective on vehicle operations, accidents, and mobile device usage. Our updated personal auto product models, discussed below, often also include Snapshot enhancements intended to improve its accuracy and competitiveness and broaden its applicability. We seek to refine our product segmentation, underwriting models, and pricing over time, and we regularly elevate new product models. At any one time, we could have multiple product models in the marketplace, as new versions are rolled out on a state-by-state basis. Such new product models generally introduce new risk variables intended to improve the accuracy of matching rate to risk, increase our competitiveness, and/or make our products more attractive to specific market segments, among other enhancements. In the third quarter 2025, we started rolling out our latest personal auto product offering, model 9.0, which contains new and expanded coverage features. With the 9.0 model, we introduced embedded renters insurance as an optional endorsement to an auto policy. This endorsement provides coverage that used to only be offered through a stand-alone renters policy. Product 9.0 also includes updates to our rating calculation that improve our ability to more accurately match rate to risk by expanding our use of external data, introducing new rating variables, and refining existing rating variables. As of December 31, 2025, 10 states, that represented about 25% of our companywide personal auto net premiums written, are on model 9.0 and, overall, we are seeing favorable conversion results in both the agency and direct channels. Our 9.1 model is currently in execution planning, and we expect the first state to elevate in early 2027. We are continuing to roll out our newest special lines product model (R17), which was first launched in late 2024 and consists of 27 product enhancements that expand segmentation. We continued to advance our personal property product segmentation, pricing, and risk selection capabilities in 2025. Through the end of the year, we had 39 states elevated to our next-generation-product models (5.0 and higher), which represented close to 90% of our personal property net premiums written. Key features of our next-generation-product models include expanded peril rating and the introduction of new rating variables. We continue to refine our model design and deployment processes to increase quality and speed to market. Our Personal Lines strategy is to be a competitively priced provider of a broad range of personal auto, special lines, and personal property insurance products with distinctive service, distributed through whichever channel the customer prefers, and bundled with other products when appropriate to match our customers needs. Volume potential is driven by our price competitiveness, the actions of our competitors, brand recognition, and quality service delivered through our employees who embody the Progressive culture, among other factors. See Competitive Factors below for further discussion. Our Personal Lines business is focused on efforts to form deeper and longer-term relationships with our customers through our Destination Era strategy, which supports the pursuit of our vision described above. Through this strategy, we seek to leverage our personal auto business with that of our personal property business, as well as insurance products and non-insurance services offered by unaffiliated third parties, to provide our customers access to a range of products addressing their diverse needs, with the option to bundle certain of the products together. Bundled products are an integral part of our consumer offerings and an important part of our strategic agenda. Customers who prefer to bundle represent a sizable segment of the insurance market, and our experience is that they tend to stay with us longer and generally have lower claims costs. Our Destination Era strategy involves a number of initiatives, including: In our agency distribution channel, we offer customers the opportunity to bundle our personal auto, special lines, and personal property offerings. To further drive bundling in the agency channel, we offer the Platinum program to those select agents who have the appropriate customers for our bundled offering. This program combines our personal auto and property insurance with the compensation, coordinated policy periods, single event deductible, and other features that meet the needs and desires that our agents have expressed. As of December 31, 2025, we had nearly 6,000 Platinum agents. We offer independent agents a quoting system that makes it easier for them to bundle multiple policies with us. Our Portfolio quoting system reduces data entry, displays all available products eligible for bundled quotes, simplifies the agents experience on third-party comparative rater systems, and provides agents and their customers an overview of premium, bundle savings, and applied discounts to allow them to add or remove products with one click. Portfolio is available for all agents appointed to write new business where we offer personal property products. - 3 - In the direct channel, we bundle Progressive personal auto with our personal property products in almost all states, as well as with homeowners and renters products provided by unaffiliated insurance carriers nationwide. We offer these bundles by providing a single destination to which consumers may come for both their personal auto and property insurance needs. In many cases, we may offer discounts to incentivize or reward this bundling. Where available, our special lines products and umbrella insurance can be combined with any of the personal auto, homeowners, or renters coverages that we offer, in either the direct or agency channel. As we increase our penetration of the more complex, multi-product customers who are critical to our Destination Era success, we are further expanding the roster of products provided by unaffiliated companies that we make available through online and telephonic referrals and for which we receive commissions, or other compensation, that are reported as service revenues. Our list of unaffiliated company products includes items such as pet health, life, and classic and specialty car insurance. Commercial Lines The Commercial Lines operating segment writes auto-related liability and physical damage insurance, business-related general liability and commercial property insurance predominately for small businesses, and workers compensation insurance primarily for the transportation industry. The Commercial Lines business accounted for 13% of our total net premiums written in 2025, 15% in 2024, and 16% in 2023. Unless otherwise noted, the following discussion focuses on our commercial auto business and, therefore, excludes business-related general liability and commercial property insurance (business owners policy (BOP)) and workers compensation products, which are discussed below. We offer our commercial auto products in all states, excluding the District of Columbia. Our commercial auto customers insure approximately two vehicles per policy, excluding large fleet policies. During 2025, we wrote about 90% of our commercial auto business through the agency channel, excluding transportation network company (TNC) business, which is all written through the direct channel. There are approximately 340 competitors in the total U.S. commercial auto market. We primarily compete with about 64 other large companies/groups, each having over $200 million of commercial auto premiums written annually. Progressive and these leading commercial auto insurers comprise 88% of this market. Progressive has ranked number one in the U.S. commercial auto market since 2015, and we believe that we continued to hold that position for 2025. The core commercial auto business (which excludes TNC business and our Progressive Fleet Specialty Programs (Fleet Specialty) products) operates in the following commercial auto business market targets (BMT): For-hire specialty dump trucks, log trucks, and garbage trucks used primarily by dirt, sand and gravel, logging, garbage/debris removal, and coal-type businesses, For-hire transportation tractors, trailers, and straight trucks primarily used by regional general freight and expeditor-type businesses and long-haul operators, Tow tow trucks and wreckers used in towing services and gas/service station businesses, Contractor vans, pick-up trucks, and dump trucks used by light contractors (e.g., painters, plumbers, landscapers), and heavy construction, and Business auto autos, vans, pick-up trucks used by small businesses (e.g., retailing, manufacturing, farming) and for-hire livery (e.g., non-fleet (i.e., five or fewer vehicles) taxis, black-car services, and airport taxis). As with our personal auto products, we regularly introduce new commercial auto product models designed to improve our pricing accuracy and competitiveness through improved segmentation, the use of additional risk variables, and other enhancements. New models are typically rolled out on a state-by-state basis and, as a result, we often have more than one product version in the marketplace at a time. During 2025, we began to roll out our next-generation-product models across our core commercial auto, medium fleet, and BOP products, expanding segmentation and pricing variables. Our 8.3 core commercial auto product model launched in 11 states that represent 43% of our core commercial auto countrywide net premiums written at the end of 2025. Our newest medium-fleet product model was fully deployed, in nearly all states, and our newest BOP model was in market in 34 states that represent 92% of our countrywide BOP net premiums written as of the end of 2025. The BOP product, at year-end 2025, was available to agents in 46 states, excluding the District of Columbia. In core commercial auto, we also launched and rolled out our new Cargo Plus endorsement. The Cargo Plus endorsement expands coverage to better meet the needs of our for-hire transportation customers and was available in 49 states as of the end of 2025. - 4 - Similar to Snapshot in the personal auto business, the Commercial Lines business offers its commercial auto customers UBI options. Smart Haul is the UBI program that uses driving data from a motor carrier s existing electronic-logging device. Smart Haul offers owner operators and small fleets the ability to receive discounts on their insurance by sharing their electronic-logging-device-generated data with us. Snapshot ProView is the UBI program for commercial auto customers without their own electronic logging device. Snapshot ProView allows customers to earn upfront discounts and provides value-added services, like fleet management and personalized tips, to encourage safe driving. Both programs are available in nearly all states. In addition to the BMTs listed above, as of December 31, 2025, we provided commercial auto coverage in the TNC business to Uber Technologies subsidiaries in 14 states. TNC represented 14% of our Commercial Lines net premiums written in 2025, 15% in 2024, and 13% in 2023. Premiums written in our TNC business are determined, in part, by estimating the number of miles to be driven over the life of the policy term, on a policy-by-policy basis. These premium estimates are adjusted monthly based both on actual miles driven and an estimate of miles to be driven during the remaining policy term. We also offer workers compensation insurance tailored for the transportation industry. Our offering includes loss prevention services that promote safe operations and dedicated claims-handling specialists. This product is available through a limited network of licensed brokers and includes options ranging from guaranteed premium cost plans to loss dependent plans, to meet the varying needs of small to large trucking fleets. We also continue to act as an agent for business customers to place BOP, general liability, professional liability, and workers compensation coverage through unaffiliated insurance carriers and are compensated through commissions, which are reported as service revenues. To further help our direct customers, we offer BusinessQuote Explorer (BQX), a digital application that allows small business owners to obtain quotes for our BOP product and the products offered from a select group of unaffiliated carriers. Reinsurance Our reinsurance activity includes both transactions which are regulated and those that are non-regulated. The regulated programs include several mandatory state pools, such as the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association, Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund (FHCF), and North Carolina Reinsurance Facility, as well as the government-backed NFIP and other reinsurance facilities required by specific states for various lines of business. All of these programs are governed by the federal government or an individual state s insurance regulations. Our non-regulated transactions represent voluntary external reinsurance arrangements related to portions of our personal property and Commercial Lines businesses; we generally do not reinsure our personal vehicles business outside of the regulated programs discussed above. Personal Property Programs The property reinsurance program is designed to reduce overall risk while, to the extent of coverage purchased, protecting capital from the costs associated with catastrophic events. The program provides coverage for our personal property business and certain BOP product coverages. The program includes contracts that cover multi-year periods. The occurrence excess of loss (XOL) program, which is in place from June 1, 2025 through May 31, 2026, supports the goal of maintaining adequate capital and is comprised of privately placed reinsurance, reinsurance placed through catastrophe bond transactions, and coverage obtained through the FHCF. The 2025 occurrence XOL program has a retention threshold of $200 million of losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses (ALAE) for the first event outside of Florida and $75 million for an event in Florida. The Florida retention is lower due to a Florida-only XOL layer generally providing up to $125 million of coverage in excess of the $75 million retention threshold and mandatory FHCF coverage. For losses that exceed $200 million, we also retain a percent of the first reinsurance layer, up to $48 million, after applying FHCF coverage. We may be responsible for additional losses if we experience more than two such events or if claims incurred exceed the maximum coverage limits of the reinsurance that is then in place. The coverage limits, net of retention but including the shared limit coverage discussed below, in place at December 31, 2025, were as follows: $2.2 billion for a first event in Florida; and $2.0 billion for a first event outside of Florida. The coverage limits above were reduced by $70 million effective January 8, 2026, with the maturation of a catastrophe bond. Portions of the reinsurance coverage limits above only provide coverage for hurricanes and tropical storms as designated by the U.S. National Weather Service (named storms). - 5 - Coverage for a second event (and, potentially, for subsequent covered events) under the occurrence XOL program would depend on several factors, including the location and the extent of covered losses of the earlier events in the contract period. Portions of our program include reinstatement limits providing coverage for subsequent events. Some portions of our occurrence XOL program have an obligatory reinstatement of coverage. Reinstatement premiums would have no effect on our results of operations since, per our contracts, we have separate reinsurance to cover these situations. During 2025, no losses were ceded under the occurrence XOL program that is currently in place or the occurrence XOL that was in place from June 1, 2024 through May 31, 2025. Included in the occurrence XOL, from June 1, 2025 through December 31, 2025, we had shared limit coverage in our reinsurance program that provided $175 million of coverage for named storms. This reinsurance arrangement can, depending on the circumstances, provide additional coverage for a significant covered event, or provide coverage for aggregate losses under our occurrence XOL retention. During 2025, no losses were ceded under this hurricane season coverage. We have renewed this coverage from May 31, 2026 through December 31, 2026 (i.e., the 2026 hurricane season) for $175 million of coverage. During 2025, our personal property business also had an aggregate XOL program structure with multiple layers providing coverage for catastrophe losses and ALAE. No losses were ceded under this aggregate XOL agreement during 2025. In January 2026, we entered into a new aggregate XOL for claims occurring in 2026. The layers for the aggregate XOL programs active in 2025 and 2026 provided coverage, as follows: Policy for claims occurring in the year ended December 31, 2026 2025 Coverage terms (millions) First Layer Second Layer Third Layer Modeled Loss First Layer Second Layer Retention $550 $550 $750 $665 $450 to $475 $525 Per occurrence event retention limit, net of the per occurrence deductible $280 $280 $280 $50 $43 or $45 $175 or $180 Total coverage, net of retention $113 $125 $63 $15 $75 $100 Per occurrence deductible before each loss could be considered for aggregation $20 $20 $20 $0 $5 or $8 $20 or $25 For 2026, all layers include coverage for named storms and other types of perils (e.g., wildfires, winter storms, and severe thunderstorms). Any one portion of the aggregate XOL program does not have to be exhausted before the other portions can be applied. The 2025 severe convective storm modeled loss aggregate XOL program, that provided $15 million of coverage, net of a retention of $665 million, was not renewed for 2026. Beginning in 2026, we have an occurrence XOL program covering our special lines boat product, which provides coverage from January 1, 2026, through December 31, 2026. This program provides $150 million of coverage for named windstorms in excess of a $225 million per event retention. Portions of the boat XOL program include reinstatement limits providing coverage for subsequent events. Commercial Lines Programs The reinsurance program in our Commercial Lines business is designed to help manage certain exposures in our commercial auto, TNC, BOP, and workers compensation products. Our Commercial Lines business uses quota-share reinsurance agreements for TNC, and certain workers compensation and BOP product coverages. We also have XOL reinsurance agreements for higher-limit commercial auto liability, and certain BOP and workers compensation product coverages, which reinsure a portion of loss above a retention threshold. Under each agreement, we cede a portion of premiums, losses, and, in most cases, loss adjustment expenses (LAE). For the large fleet commercial auto business, we retain the first $1 million, per occurrence, and have a coverage limit, net of retention, of up to $4 million. The retention threshold for the BOP XOL agreement is $2 million, for each property loss, with a coverage limit up to $4 million. Lastly, for the workers compensation product, we have catastrophe workers compensation coverage up to $74 million per occurrence pursuant to a $20 million maximum one-life sublimit. In general, we retain approximately $1 million per occurrence on workers compensation through the use of XOL and quota-share reinsurance. - 6 - For our TNC product, the amounts retained vary by state and cost-sharing agreements are in place with companies owned by the TNC company. Recoverable balances under these arrangements are required by our contracts to be collateralized (i.e., secured by assets held by an independent third party or a letter of credit issued by a commercial bank) at a target of over 100% of the recoverable balance. Program Evaluation We evaluate our reinsurance programs during our renewal discussions, if not more frequently, to ensure they continue to effectively address the company s risk tolerance. We plan to continue to assess our ability to assume more risk with the availability and costs of various types of reinsurance contracts. See Item 1A, Risk Factors II. Insurance Risks and VI. Credit and Other Financial Risks below and Note 7 Reinsurance in our 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is filed as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K (the Annual Report) for more information. Claims Our employees handle nearly all of our Personal Lines vehicle and Commercial Lines claims from either physical claims offices throughout the U.S. or through a virtual environment, and are supported by centralized functions at our corporate offices and a nationwide network of about 4,700 third-party repair shops. During 2025, we used independent claim adjusters opportunistically in our vehicle businesses to help support our claim employees in managing our claims inventory and to timely respond to our customers impacted by certain catastrophe events. While not intended to be a significant part of our claims handling model for these businesses, we may use independent adjusters from time to time. For our Personal Lines property business, we manage claims through a network of independent claim field adjusters and employee claim representatives who manage the overall claims process. As of December 31, 2025, we had about 1,270 claims employees to handle our personal property claims. Competitive Factors The insurance markets in which we operate are highly competitive. Property-casualty insurers generally compete on the basis of price, agent commission rates, consumer brand recognition and confidence, coverages offered and other product features, claims handling, financial stability, customer service, and geographic coverage. Vigorous competition is provided by large, well-capitalized national companies in both the agency and direct channels, and by smaller regional insurers. In the agency channel, some of our competitors have broad distribution networks of employed or captive agents. With widely available comparative rating services, consumers can easily compare prices among competitors. Due to the highly competitive nature of the property-casualty insurance markets in which we operate, many competitors invest heavily in advertising and marketing efforts and/or expanding their online or mobile service offerings. We rely heavily on technology to operate our business and on extensive data gathering and analysis to segment markets and price our products accurately according to risk. We have remained competitive by refining our risk measurement and price segmentation skills, closely managing expenses, and achieving operating efficiencies. High-quality customer service, fair and accurate claims adjusting, and strong brand recognition are also important factors in our competitive strategy. Competition in our insurance markets is also affected by the pace of technological developments. An insurer s ability to adapt to change, innovate, develop, implement and use new applications and other technologies can affect its competitive position. In addition, our competitive position could be adversely impacted if we, or one of our third-party vendors, experience a cybersecurity attack or incident or we are unable to maintain uninterrupted access to our systems, business functions, and the systems of certain third-party providers. See Item 1A, Risk Factors and Item 1C, Cybersecurity below for more information. In addition, there continues to be a proliferation of patents related to new ways in which technologies can affect competitive positions in the insurance industry. Several of our competitors have many more patents than we do. Some of the patents we currently hold include two patents on the Name Your Price functionality on our website (expiring in 2028 or after), a usage-based insurance patent (expiring in 2032 or after), three multi-product quoting patents (expiring in 2032 or after), three patents for our implementation of a mobile insurance platform and architecture (expiring in 2032 or after), a patent on our system of providing customized insurance quotes based on a user s price and/or coverage preferences (expiring in 2033 or after), two patents for our loyalty call routing system (expiring in 2033 or after), two patents for a multivariate predictive system that processes usage-based data (expiring in 2035 or after), four patents for the implementation of chatbots in online quoting and servicing (expiring in 2038 or after), two patents for our Commercial Lines business classification system (expiring in 2039 or after), three patents for our automated document classification system (expiring in 2040 or after), and two patents for embedded quoting (expiring in 2043 or after). - 7 - We have a substantial amount of know-how developed from years of experience with usage-based insurance, and from analyzing the data from billions of driving miles derived from our usage-based devices and our mobile app. We believe this intellectual property provides us with a competitive advantage in the usage-based insurance market. Insurance Licenses Our insurance subsidiaries operate under licenses issued by various insurance regulatory authorities. These licenses may be of perpetual duration or renewable periodically, provided the holder continues to meet applicable regulatory requirements. Our licenses govern the kinds of insurance coverages that may be written by our insurance subsidiaries in the issuing jurisdiction. Such licenses are normally issued only after the filing of an appropriate application and the satisfaction of prescribed criteria. All licenses that are material to our subsidiaries businesses are in good standing. Insurance Regulation Our insurance subsidiaries are generally subject to regulation and supervision by insurance departments of the jurisdictions in which they are domiciled or licensed to transact business. At least one of our insurance subsidiaries is licensed and subject to regulation in each of the 50 states, the District of Columbia, Bermuda, and Canada and its provinces. We also have subsidiaries that write excess and surplus lines, which are regulated in a different fashion that generally offers additional product flexibility. The nature and extent of such regulation and supervision varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Generally, an insurance company is subject to a higher degree of regulation and supervision in its jurisdiction of domicile. Our domestic insurance subsidiaries are domiciled in the states of Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Texas, and Wisconsin. In addition, California and Florida treat certain of our subsidiaries as domestic insurers for certain purposes unde