=== [ER] q1-2026-volkswagen-group-e.pdf ===
INTERIM REPORT JANUARY – MARCH 2026 1 Updated Information 1 Key Figures 2 Key Facts 3 Interim Group Management Report 3 Business Development 15 Volkswagen Shares 33 Income Statement 17 Results of Operations, Financial Position and Net Assets 34 Statement of Comprehensive Income 35 Balance Sheet 27 Outlook 36 Statement of Changes in Equity 37 Cash Flow Statement 38 Notes 59 Review Report 29 Brand Groups and Business Fields 33 Interim Consolidated Financial Statement (Condensed) The consolidated financial statements of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft were prepared in accordance with the IFRS Accounting Standards adopted by the European Union. Moreover, requirements of German commercial law pursuant to the Handelsgesetzbuch (HGB – German Commercial Code), as well as the German Corporate Governance Code have been complied with. Unless otherwise specified, this is the basis for the analysis of financial information. All figures shown are rounded in accordance with standard commercial practice, so minor discrepancies may arise from addition of these amounts; the same applies to the calculation of percentages. Unless stated otherwise, comparative prior-year figures are presented in parentheses next to the figures for the repo r rting period. This report contains forward-looking statements on the business development of the Volkswagen Group. These statements are based on assumptions relating to the development of the economic, political and legal environment in individual countries, economic regions and markets, and in particular for the automotive industry, which we have made on the basis of the information available to us and which we consider to be realistic at the time of going to press. Risks are associated with the estimates given, and actual developments may differ from those forecast. Any changes in significant parameters relating to our key sales markets, or any significant shifts in exchange rates, prices for energy and other commodities or the supply of parts relevant to the Volkswagen Group will have a corresponding effect on the development of our business. In addition, there may also be departures from our expected business development if the assessments of the factors influencing sustainable value enhancement and of risks and opportunities presented in the 2025 Annual Report develop in a way other than we are currently expecting, or if additional risks and opportunities or other factors emerge that affect the development of our business. We do not assume any obligation beyond that required by law to update the forward-looking statements made in this report. This document is an English translation of the original report written in German. In case of discrepancies the German version shall take precedence. To conserve resources, both language versions are available in digital format only, and can be accessed in the Investors section at www.volkswagen-group.com. Updated Information Key Figures Key Figures VOLKSWAGEN GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE DIVISION 3 1 Volume data also includes the unconsolidated Chinese joint ventures (Chin. JVs); prior-year deliveries have been updated to reflect subsequent statistical trends. 1 Updated Information Key Facts Key Facts > Deliveries to Volkswagen Group customers, including the Chinese joint ventures, down by 4.0% year-on-year to 2.0 million vehicles in the first quarter of 2026; downward trend in North America and Asia-Pacific, growth in Europe and South America > Deliveries of all-electric vehicles to customers down by –7.7% on prior-year period at 200 (217) thousand units in a declining overall market; share of Group deliveries at 9.8 (10.2) % > Group sales revenue declines by 2.5% to €75.7 billion > Operating result down at €2.5 (2.9) billion; includes expenses of around €0.5 billion related to the adjustment to the production strategy of the Volkswagen Passenger Cars brand in the USA, leading to US production of the ID.4 being discontinued in mid-April 2026 > Earnings before tax down overall at €2.2 (3.1) billion; earnings after tax decline by €0.6 billion to €1.6 billion > Automotive Division’s net cash flow amounts to €2.0 (–0.8) billion; investment ratio at 11.3 (11.2) % in the Automotive Division > Net liquidity in the Automotive Division at €34.2 billion 2 Interim Group Management Report Business Development Business Development GENERAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT The global economy as a whole remained on a growth path in the first three months of 2026, showing momentum essentially on a par with the previous year. The group of advanced economies saw growth increase at a similar pace to the prior-year period, while growth among the emerging economies was somewhat lower. Geopolitical and geoeconomic uncertainties, predominantly related to the escalation in the Middle East that began at the end of February, dampened sentiment among market participants. In this context, oil prices nearly doubled during the first quarter. The economy in Western Europe performed positively overall in the first three months of this year, but grew at a slower pace than in the prior year. Development in the individual countries in Northern and Southern Europe was similar in some cases. The European Central Bank left its key interest rate unchanged in the reporting period. Germany recorded slightly positive economic growth in the reporting period, performing as it had in the prior-year comparative period. Compared with the same period of the prior year, the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was also at a similar level on average. Equally, inflation in the first quarter essentially matched the prior-year figure, though an above-average rate was observed in March, primarily due to energy price developments. The economies in Central and Eastern Europe recorded overall growth in the first three months of 2026, with similar momentum to the prior-year period. In the USA, gross domestic product rose from January to March 2026 at a more dynamic pace than in the same period of the previous year. Against the backdrop of the uncertain impact of the US government’s economic policies, the Federal Reserve did not continue the easing cycle that had been ongoing since September 2025 during the reporting period. EXCHANGE RATE MOVEMENTS FROM DECEMBER 2025 TO MARCH 2026 Index based on month-end prices: as of December 31, 2025 = 100  EUR to GBP  EUR to USD  EUR to CNY  EUR to JPY 110 105 100 95 D J F M A M J 3 J A S O N D Interim Group Management Report Business Development Economic o