=== [ER] q1-2026-volkswagen-group-e.pdf ===
INTERIM REPORT JANUARY – MARCH 2026 1 Updated Information 1 Key Figures 2 Key Facts 3 Interim Group Management Report 3 Business Development 15 Volkswagen Shares 33 Income Statement 17 Results of Operations, Financial Position and Net Assets 34 Statement of Comprehensive Income 35 Balance Sheet 27 Outlook 36 Statement of Changes in Equity 37 Cash Flow Statement 38 Notes 59 Review Report 29 Brand Groups and Business Fields 33 Interim Consolidated Financial Statement (Condensed) The consolidated financial statements of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft were prepared in accordance with the IFRS Accounting Standards adopted by the European Union. Moreover, requirements of German commercial law pursuant to the Handelsgesetzbuch (HGB – German Commercial Code), as well as the German Corporate Governance Code have been complied with. Unless otherwise specified, this is the basis for the analysis of financial information. All figures shown are rounded in accordance with standard commercial practice, so minor discrepancies may arise from addition of these amounts; the same applies to the calculation of percentages. Unless stated otherwise, comparative prior-year figures are presented in parentheses next to the figures for the repo r rting period. This report contains forward-looking statements on the business development of the Volkswagen Group. These statements are based on assumptions relating to the development of the economic, political and legal environment in individual countries, economic regions and markets, and in particular for the automotive industry, which we have made on the basis of the information available to us and which we consider to be realistic at the time of going to press. Risks are associated with the estimates given, and actual developments may differ from those forecast. Any changes in significant parameters relating to our key sales markets, or any significant shifts in exchange rates, prices for energy and other commodities or the supply of parts relevant to the Volkswagen Group will have a corresponding effect on the development of our business. In addition, there may also be departures from our expected business development if the assessments of the factors influencing sustainable value enhancement and of risks and opportunities presented in the 2025 Annual Report develop in a way other than we are currently expecting, or if additional risks and opportunities or other factors emerge that affect the development of our business. We do not ass