=== DASH_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risk Factors Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our actual results to be harmed. These risks include the following: We expect our results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis due to a number of factors, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance; We have a history of net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not be able to consistently maintain or increase profitability in the future; Our business may not continue to grow on pace with historical rates; We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; If we fail to retain our existing merchants and consumers or acquire new merchants and consumers in a cost-effective manner, our revenue, revenue growth, and margins may decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; If we fail to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers or to increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; We rely on merchants on our platform for many aspects of our business, and to the extent they fail to adequately maintain their service levels or materially increase the prices they charge consumers on our platform, our business could be adversely affected; Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites, mobile applications, technology infrastructure, or platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; If we are unable to make acquisitions and investments, or successfully integrate acquisitions into our business, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; Our international operations and any future international expansion will subject us to additional costs and risks and our plans may not be successful; We have been subject to cybersecurity incidents in the past and anticipate being the target of future attacks. Any actual or perceived cybersecurity incident or security or privacy breach, particularly those involving our key systems, data, or critical third-party providers, could interrupt our operations, subject us to claims, litigation, regulatory investigations and liability, and adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations; The impact of adverse economic conditions and other trends, including the resulting effects on consumer spending and merchant operations, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; If Dashers that utilize our platform as independent contractors are reclassified as employees under U.S. federal or state law, or the laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate, it could have an adverse effect that is material to our business, financial condition, and results of operations; We are subject to various claims, lawsuits, investigations, and proceedings, and face potential liability, expenses, and harm to our business as a result; Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations globally, many of which are unsettled and still developing, and any of which could subject us to legal claims, increased costs, operational burdens, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations; 10 Table of Contents The multi-class structure of our common stock and the voting agreement and irrevocable proxy (the "Voting Agreement"), between Tony Xu, Andy Fang, and Stanley Tang (our "Co-Founders"), has the effect of concentrating voting power with Tony Xu, our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chair of our board of directors, which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval; and The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We expect our results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis due to a number of factors, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance. Since launching in 2013, we have expanded our platform features and services, expanded into new categories, changed our pricing methodologies, and entered new geographies. As a result of these expansions and changes, as well as a variety of factors that may be out of our control, such as the macroeconomic and regulatory environment, our results of operations have, and we expect that they will continue to, vary from quarter to quarter and year to year. As a result, comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. In addition to other risk factors described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, factors that may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results include: our ability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers in a cost-effective manner; our ability to successfully compete with current and future competitors; our ability to successfully expand and manage our business in existing markets and categories and successfully enter new markets and categories; the impact of acquired technologies and businesses and our ability to successfully integrate acquired technologies and businesses into our own; the mix among various aspects of our business, including our Marketplaces and Commerce Platform, our U.S. and non-U.S. operations, our restaurant and non-restaurant categories, and contributions to our overall business by new products and services, such as our membership products and our advertising products; the impact of worldwide economic conditions, and our ability to anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including any resulting effect on consumer spending; the impact of weather and seasonality on our business, including the effect of academic calendars on college campuses and seasonal patterns in restaurant dining; our ability to maintain and enhance the value of our reputation and brand; the success of our sales and marketing efforts; the effects of changes in search engine placement and prominence; our ability to keep pace with technology changes in our industry and to adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways merchants and consumers interact with technology; our ability to develop and maintain a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment and integration of new features, services, and technologies; costs associated with defending claims, including intellectual property infringement claims, and related judgments or settlements; our ability to hire, integrate, motivate, and retain talented technology, sales, customer service, and other personnel; our ability to effectively adapt to and manage the regulatory environment and new laws related to our business, including, but not limited to, regulations regarding the classification of and the rates that we pay Dashers that utilize our platform, regulations governing our terms and transparency with consumers, and regulations impacting the commission rates we charge to merchants; the impact of payment processor costs and procedures and any changes in the online payment transfer rate; changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities; 11 Table of Contents the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; and the effects of natural or human-made catastrophic events that may impact our business or have an impact on a more global scale. As a result of the changes to, and expansion of, our business, as well as risks and challenges that are outside of our control, we may not be able to accurately forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses, which may harm our ability to achieve or sustain profitability or meet our forecasted cash flows. In addition, if we fail to meet or exceed the expectations of analysts that cover us or our investors, the market price of our Class A common stock could fall substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. We have a history of net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not be able to consistently maintain or increase profitability in the future. Prior to the year ended December 31, 2024, we incurred net losses in each year since our founding. We expect that our costs will increase over time and we expect to invest significant additional funds to grow our business. For example, we have expended and expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on developing our business, including expanding our platform offerings, developing or acquiring new platform features and services, acquiring and integrating technologies and businesses, attracting and retaining merchants, consumers, and Dashers, expanding into new markets and categories, and increasing our sales and marketing efforts. These efforts may be more costly than we expect, may not result in sufficient increased revenue or growth in our business to offset such costs, and may come at the expense of, or in lieu of, pursuing other strategic initiatives with higher potential returns on investment. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving, maintaining, or increasing profitability on a consistent basis, which could also negatively impact our cash flow. Our business may not continue to grow on pace with historical rates. Our past revenue growth rate, growth in demand for our offerings, and financial performance may not be, and should not be relied upon as, indicative of our future performance. In particular, our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in prior periods, and it may continue to fluctuate over the short term and decline in the long term as the size of our business grows and as we achieve greater market adoption. We may also experience a declining revenue growth rate as a result of slowing demand for our platform, insufficient growth in the number of merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities, increasing regulatory costs, or other reasons that may be identified in this "Risk Factors" section. If our growth rate declines, public perception of our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive and characterized by shifting user preferences, fragmentation, and frequent introductions of new services and offerings. In particular, local food delivery logistics, the largest category of our business today, is fragmented and intensely competitive. Globally, we compete with other local on-demand delivery companies, such as Amazon, Uber Eats, Prosus, Delivery Hero, and other local incumbents. We also compete with merchants that have their own online ordering platforms, online ordering systems, merchants that own and operate their own delivery fleets, grocers and grocery delivery services, convenience stores and convenience store delivery services, and companies that provide merchant delivery services. In addition, we compete with traditional offline ordering channels, such as in-store dining, take-out offerings, telephone, and paper menus that merchants distribute to consumers. As we continue to expand to additional verticals, we may compete or come in closer competition with additional businesses with substantial resources, users, and brand power, including large e-commerce companies, large retailers, large grocery store chains and other large delivery service providers. Our current and future competitors may enjoy competitive advantages such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, market-specific knowledge, established relationships with local merchants and suppliers, larger existing user bases, more successful marketing capabilities, established geographic footprints and infrastructure, and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources than we have. For example, with grocery delivery, we compete with established grocery chains that have strong bargaining power, established relationships with suppliers, and their own delivery fleets. Greater financial resources and product development capabilities may allow these competitors to respond more quickly and efficiently to new or emerging technologies and changes in merchant, consumer, and Dasher preferences that may render our platform less attractive or obsolete. If certain merchants choose to partner with our 12 Table of Contents competitors in a specific geographic market, if merchants choose to engage exclusively with our competitors, or if merchants decide to not partner with us at all, we may lack a sufficient variety and supply of merchant options or lack access to the most popular merchants, such that our offering would become less appealing to consumers. Our competitors have completed in the past, and may complete in the future, acquisitions or establish cooperative or other strategic relationships among themselves or with others, including by integrating their services or membership products with the offerings of another company that provides expanded distribution. Our competitors have introduced in the past, and may introduce in the future, new offerings with competitive price and performance characteristics or undertake more aggressive marketing campaigns than ours. Such efforts may lead us to lose consumers or access to new consumers or require us to increase our marketing or promotional expenses or otherwise increase investment in our service in order to maintain our position with existing and new consumers. Many of our competitors are well capitalized and may offer discounted services, lower merchant commission rates and consumer fees, greater incentives for merchants joining their platforms and independent contractors who provide delivery services, consumer discounts and promotions, innovative platforms and offerings, and alternative pay models, any of which may be more attractive than those that we offer. Such competitive pressures have led us, and may lead us in the future, to change our commission rates and fees or change our incentives, discounts, and promotions to remain competitive. Such efforts have negatively affected, and will likely continue to negatively affect, our financial performance, and there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful. Local on-demand delivery services for food and the other areas in which we compete are nascent, and we cannot guarantee that they will stabilize at a competitive equilibrium that will allow us to maintain or increase profitability. Further, merchants could determine that it is in their best interests to develop their own platforms to offer online pickup and delivery rather than use our platform. It is relatively easy to switch between offerings in our industry. Consumers have a propensity to shift based on cost, quality, and selection and could use more than one local commerce platform; independent contractors who provide delivery services could use multiple platforms concurrently as they attempt to maximize earnings; and merchants could prefer to use the local commerce platform that offers the lowest commission rates and adopt more than one platform to maximize their volume of orders. As we and our competitors introduce new offerings and as existing offerings evolve, we expect to become subject to additional competition. Our competitors may adopt certain of our platform features or may adopt innovations that merchants, consumers, or Dashers value more highly than ours, which would make our platform less attractive and more difficult to differentiate. If we lose existing merchants, consumers, or Dashers that utilize our platform, fail to attract new merchants, consumers, or Dashers, or are forced to reduce our commission rate or make pricing or other concessions as a result of increased competition, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we fail to retain our existing merchants and consumers or acquire new merchants and consumers in a cost-effective manner, our revenue, revenue growth, and margins may decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We believe that growth of our business and revenue is dependent on our ability to cost-effectively grow our platform by retaining our existing merchants and consumers and adding new merchants and consumers. An increase in merchants attracts more consumers to our platform and an increase in consumers attracts more merchants. This network takes time to build and may grow slower than we expect or slower than it has grown in the past. If we fail to retain either our existing merchants, especially our most popular merchants and our national brand partners, or consumers, the value of our network would be diminished. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses to acquire additional merchants and consumers with the possibility that the return on such investments will not be achieved in the expected timeframe or at all. If merchants on our platform cease operations, temporarily or permanently, or face financial distress or other business disruption, we may not be able to provide consumers with sufficient merchant selection, which may cause us to lose consumers or cause consumers to use our services less frequently. This risk is particularly pronounced with restaurants, as each year a significant percentage of restaurants go out of business, and in markets where we have fewer merchants. Similarly, if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining popular merchants, if merchants enter into exclusive arrangements with our competitors, if we fail to negotiate satisfactory terms with merchants, or if we ineffectively manage our relationships with merchants, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our agreements with partner merchants generally remain in effect until terminated by us or partner merchants, and partner merchants may generally terminate such agreements by providing us at least 7 or 30 days' advance notice. Changes to our business and to our relationships with some of our constituencies may also impact our ability to attract and retain other constituencies. For example, the increased growth of our membership products, and how compelling these offerings are to consumers, depends in part on our ability to sign up eligible merchants to our membership products. Additionally, many of our consumers initially access our platform to take advantage of certain promotions, such as 13 Table of Contents discounts and other reduced fees. We strive to demonstrate the value of our platform and offerings to such consumers, encouraging them to access our platform regularly or become a paid user of our membership products. However, these consumers may never convert to a paid version of our membership products or access our platform after they take advantage of our promotions. If we are not able to expand our consumer base, convert our consumers to regular paying consumers, or increase the spending of our current consumer base on our platform, demand for our full-price or paid services and our revenue may grow slower than expected or decline. If we fail to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers or to increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our continued growth depends in part on our ability to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers who satisfy our screening criteria and procedures, and to increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers. Dashers have the ability to decline offers, stop using our platform entirely at any time, or choose to spend their earning hours on other opportunities outside of our platform. In addition, we may modify our logistics models from time to time and Dashers may or may not find such modifications useful or favorable. If we do not continue to provide Dashers with accessibility to and flexibility on our platform and compelling opportunities to earn income, we may fail to attract new Dashers, retain existing Dashers, or increase their use of our platform, or we may experience complaints, negative publicity, or work stoppages that could adversely affect our users and our business. Relatedly, if merchants and/or consumers choose to use competing offerings, we may lack sufficient opportunities for Dashers to earn, which may reduce the perceived utility of our platform and impact our ability to attract and retain Dashers. To attract and retain Dashers, we regularly invest in removing friction from the dashing process, offer monetary incentives and perquisites, and provide opportunities to quickly access Dasher earnings. We frequently test Dasher incentives with subsets of existing and potential Dashers; however, these incentives could fail to attract and retain Dashers, could fail to increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers, or could have unintended adverse consequences, including negative press, adverse reactions from existing and potential Dashers, and harm to our brand and reputation. Changes in, and variations in the interpretation of, certain laws and regulations, including immigration and labor and employment laws, or laws that require us to make changes to our platform that decrease or remove the accessibility or flexibility provided to Dashers in certain jurisdictions, may result in a decrease in the pool of Dashers, which may result in a decrease in the availability of local Dashers, increased competition for Dashers, or higher costs of recruitment and engagement. Other factors outside of our control may also reduce the number of Dashers that utilize our platform or the use of our platform by Dashers. If we fail to attract Dashers, retain existing Dashers on favorable terms, or maintain or increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers, we may not be able to meet the demands of merchants and consumers and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on merchants on our platform for many aspects of our business, and to the extent they fail to adequately maintain their service levels or materially increase the prices they charge consumers on our platform, our business could be adversely affected. We rely on merchants on our platform to provide quality goods to our consumers at expected price points. If these merchants experience difficulty servicing consumer demand, producing quality goods, or meeting our requirements and standards, or price their goods on our platform at unreasonable rates, our reputation and brand could be damaged. An increase in merchant operating costs, whether due to inflation or otherwise, could cause merchants on our platform to raise prices, renegotiate commission rates, or cease operations, which could in turn adversely affect our revenue, operational costs, and efficiency. Further, some items on our platform are listed at higher prices relative to their in-store prices. This practice can negatively affect consumer perception of our platform and could result in a decline in consumers or order volume, or both, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites, mobile applications, technology infrastructure, or platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. It is critical to our success that merchants, consumers, and Dashers be able to access our platform at all times and we expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve the availability of our platform. Our systems, or those of third parties upon which we rely, may experience service interruptions or degradation or other performance problems because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service and other cybersecurity attacks, infrastructure changes, human error, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, or other events. Our systems also may be subject to break-ins, sabotage, theft, and intentional acts of vandalism, including by our own employees. It may become increasingly difficult and expensive to maintain and improve the performance of our systems and the availability of our platform, especially during peak usage times, as our operations grow and the usage of our platform increases. Some of our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our business interruption 14 Table of Contents insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of systems failures and similar events. We have experienced and will likely continue to experience system failures and other events or conditions that interrupt the availability or reduce or affect the speed or functionality of our platform. These and similar events have resulted in losses in revenue in the past and in the future could result in significant losses of revenue, harm our brand and reputation, and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers, including through users seeking other offerings during any periods of unavailability. Moreover, we have in the past voluntarily provided credits to consumers on our platform to compensate them for the inconvenience caused by a system failure or similar event, including for orders that are delivered late or orders that are cancelled by us or the merchant, and may voluntarily provide similar credits in the future. In addition, affected users could seek monetary recourse from us for their losses and such claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. Further, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the availability, speed, or other functionality of our platform could adversely affect our business and reputation and could result in the loss of users. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed, or continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. If we are unable to make acquisitions and investments, or successfully integrate acquisitions into our business, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. As part of our business strategy, we will continue to consider a wide array of strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, and investments in, businesses, technologies, intellectual property, services, talent, and other assets and arrangements that may complement or otherwise grow our business. We have previously acquired and invested in, and continue to evaluate, targets that operate in relatively nascent markets and there is no assurance that such acquired businesses, or any investment or strategic transaction that we enter into, will be successfully integrated into our business, generate revenue, or achieve any expected benefits on a timely basis or at all. Acquisitions and similar strategic transactions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, including: intense competition for suitable acquisition and strategic transaction targets, which could increase prices and adversely affect our ability to consummate deals on favorable or acceptable terms; transaction-related lawsuits, claims, or other liabilities; difficulties associated with managing a larger, more complex, combined company; difficulties integrating and realizing the anticipated benefits of new business models, lines of business, and adjacent technologies from acquisitions into our operations; difficulties integrating the technologies and operations, including compensation structures, existing contracts, and personnel, of an acquired business; difficulties retaining, integrating, and motivating key employees or business partners of an acquired business, and difficulties retaining or motivating our existing key employees or business partners after an acquisition; difficulties retaining merchants, consumers, and Dashers, as applicable, of an acquired business; challenges integrating internal controls, procedures, and policies and accounting, finance, and forecasting practices of acquired businesses with our own, especially in the context of international businesses; challenges relating to the structure of an investment, such as governance, accountability, operations, expense sharing, and decision-making conflicts, that may arise in the context of a joint venture or other majority ownership investment; challenges with integrating the brand identity of an acquired company with our own; difficulties in operating a geographically dispersed organization, including as a result of different time zones, languages, and cultural, political, and business practices; currency, regulatory, geopolitical, and compliance risks associated with non-U.S. jurisdictions and entry into new jurisdictions and markets; 15 Table of Contents diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations or alternative acquisition or investment opportunities; failure to realize the anticipated benefits or synergies of a transaction; failure to identify and/or sufficiently mitigate against the problems, liabilities, or other shortcomings or challenges of an investment or acquired business, technology, or asset, including issues related to intellectual property, regulatory compliance practices, labor, litigation, privacy, security vulnerabilities, trust and safety practices, brand management, revenue recognition or other accounting practices, or employee or user issues; the enactment of new laws or regulations that are adverse to an investment or acquired business, or impede our ability to achieve the expected benefits of such investments; regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay, or impose conditions on the completion of a transaction or the integration of an acquired business; additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with an acquisition or strategic transaction, which may in turn impact our stock price and results of operations; as a result of an acquisition, third parties we work with or the acquired business works with may delay or defer certain business decisions, seek to terminate, change, or renegotiate their relationships with us or the acquired business, or consider working with a competitor instead; and adverse market reaction to an acquisition. In contrast to mergers and acquisitions, strategic investments inherently involve less control by us over the business operations of the investee, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational, regulatory, or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or strategic investment. In addition, we may be dependent on partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them and who may have business interests, strategies, or goals that are inconsistent or competitive with ours. Business decisions or other actions or omissions of the partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us, and may otherwise damage our reputation and brand. Our ability to sell, transfer, or otherwise realize value from our investments may be limited by applicable securities laws and regulations. Entry into certain transactions with non-U.S. entities now or in the future may be subject to government regulations, including review related to foreign direct investment by U.S. or non-U.S. government entities. If a transaction with a non-U.S. entity is subject to regulatory review, such regulatory review might limit our ability to enter into the desired strategic alliance and thus our ability to carry out our long-term business strategy. We can provide no assurance that our strategic investments will generate returns for our business, or that we will not lose our initial investment in whole or in part. For example, during the quarter ended December 31, 2023, we recorded an impairment of $101 million associated with non-marketable equity securities that we acquired in connection with strategic investments. If we fail to address the foregoing risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and investments, our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our international operations and any future international expansion will subject us to additional costs and risks and our plans may not be successful. We have significant international operations, and we expect to continue to make significant investments in non-U.S. countries as part of our growth strategy. We currently operate in over 40 countries across the globe. Our operations outside of the United States require significant operating expenses and management attention in order to oversee operations over broad geographic areas with varying regulations, cultural norms, and customs, in addition to placing strain on our finance, analytics, compliance, legal, engineering, and operations teams. As a result of our international operations and our plans for investment in non-U.S. jurisdictions (both organically and inorganically), we have experienced, and expect to experience in the future, a number of risks, including: difficulties in recruiting and retaining talented and capable employees in non-U.S. countries and maintaining our company culture across our employee base; increased difficulty achieving profitability, operating leverage and scale as a result of continued expansion across jurisdictions rather than concentrated growth in fewer jurisdictions; an inability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers or an inability to reach agreements with and retain third party service providers; 16 Table of Contents competition from local incumbents or other industry participants that better understand the local area and culture, may market, invest, and operate more effectively, and may enjoy greater local affinity or awareness; differing demand dynamics and difficulty accurately predicting consumer preferences and purchasing habits, which may make our platform less successful; difficulty localizing, or an inability to localize, services for merchants, consumers, and Dashers in non-U.S. jurisdictions; difficulty complying with varying laws, regulatory standards or other requirements from applicable authorities across jurisdictions and obtaining any required government approvals, licenses, or other authorizations; increased financial accounting and reporting requirements and complexities, including with respect to revenue recognition and similar accounting principles; difficulties with communication and information sharing as a result of communication barriers, cultural norms and customs, the use of systems that have yet to be fully integrated, and differing legal, compliance, trust and safety, accounting, and financial standards, especially as it relates to compliance with laws, internal controls and processes, and financial reporting; adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value added and digital services tax laws, and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; unique and varying terms and conditions and cultural norms in contract negotiations across jurisdictions; varying payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable; varying levels of Internet and mobile technology adoption and infrastructure; foreign currency exchange restrictions or costs; operating in jurisdictions that do not protect intellectual property rights in the same manner or to the same extent as the United States; and public health concerns or emergencies. If we are unable to manage these risks effectively, our international operations may not be successful, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, international expansion may subject our business to broader economic, political, and other international risks, including economic volatility, security risks, and geopolitical conflicts, and may increase our risks in complying with various laws and standards, including with respect to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, export controls, and trade and economic sanctions, such as U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctions and similar European Union ("EU") sanctions. For example, our operations in jurisdictions that are in close proximity to Russia increase the difficulty in complying with trade and economic sanction regimes related to business with Russia. Our pricing methodologies are impacted by a number of factors, and we may not ultimately be successful in attracting and retaining merchants, consumers, and Dashers. Demand for our platform is highly sensitive to a range of factors, including the price of the goods delivered, the amount of compensation and gratuities required to attract and retain Dashers, incentives paid to Dashers, and the fees and commissions we charge merchants and consumers. Many factors, including operating costs, legal and regulatory requirements, constraints, or changes, and our current and future competitors pricing and marketing strategies, could significantly affect our pricing strategies. For example, some jurisdictions in which we operate have established minimum earnings standards for certain delivery workers, including Dashers, and other types of regulation, and we expect other such measures may be enacted in the future. These minimum earnings standards and similar regulations have caused, and may in the future cause, us to increase the fees we charge to consumers and merchants. Certain of our competitors offer, or may in the future offer, lower-priced or a broader range of offerings. Similarly, certain competitors may use marketing strategies that enable them to attract and retain new merchants, consumers, and Dashers at a lower cost than us. There is no assurance that we will not be forced, through competition, regulation, or otherwise, to reduce the price of delivery for consumers, increase the incentives we pay to Dashers that utilize our platform, further reduce the fees and commissions we charge merchants, or increase our marketing and other expenses to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers in response to competitive pressures. We have launched, and may in the future launch, new pricing strategies and initiatives, including Dasher or consumer loyalty programs, or modify existing pricing methodologies, the way in which fees, taxes, or similar items are presented on our platform, or our policies with respect to refunds and credits, any of which may not ultimately be successful in attracting and retaining merchants, 17 Table of Contents consumers, or Dashers and which may result in lower commissions or fees, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, our consumers price sensitivity may vary by geographic location, and as we expand, our business model and pricing methodologies may not be competitive in these locations. As a result, our continued international expansion may require us to change our operations and pricing strategies to adjust to different cultural norms, including with respect to consumer pricing and gratuities. Our assessments about optimal pricing strategy may not be accurate and may not enable us to compete in the categories and regions in which we operate effectively. There may also be errors or defects in the technology we use to set our prices, which could result in underpricing or overpricing our services. In addition, as the products and services on our platform change, we may need to revise our pricing methodologies. Any such pricing assumptions, technological errors or defects in pricing, or changes to our pricing methodology could adversely affect demand for our platform, our brand and reputation, and results of operations. We face certain risks associated with our pay models for Dashers. Our pay models for Dashers have previously led, and may continue to lead, to negative publicity, lawsuits, arbitration demands, and government inquiries. For example, under a former pay model for Dashers in the United States, we would increase the amount paid to Dashers on a delivery in cases when a consumer left little or no tip. Although this additional pay was intended to help Dashers by making every delivery economically worthwhile, it also had the effect of causing some people to be under the misimpression that not all tips were being received by Dashers. In addition, government authorities have brought claims against us related to a former Dasher pay model and government authorities may bring similar claims in the future against our pay models. We change our Dasher pay models, including changes to rate and fee structures, from time to time based on a variety of factors, including as a result of legal and regulatory changes and expansion into new categories and geographies. In particular, new or amended laws and regulations have required, and could in the future require, us to make changes to our Dasher pay models, or make other changes to our platform, that decrease the flexibility provided to Dashers in certain jurisdictions. These and other changes to our pay models have resulted in, and in the future may result in, negative publicity, including as a result of perceptions of complexity, inconsistency in earnings for Dashers, and lack of flexibility in the ways consumers can leave tips. Our current Dasher pay models, any changes made in response to new laws and regulations, and any future changes to our pay models or our ability to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers, could result in an increase to the fees we charge to consumers, which in turn could affect our ability to attract and retain consumers, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, while we maintain that Dashers that utilize our platform as independent contractors remain independent contractors, there is a risk that Dashers may be reclassified as employees under U.S. federal or state law or the laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate. A reclassification of such Dashers as employees could require us to revise our pricing methodologies and Dasher pay models to account for such a change to Dasher classification, and to make other internal adjustments to account for any transition of a subset of Dashers to employment positions, which could have an adverse effect that is material to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Since 2013, we have experienced rapid growth in our employee headcount, the number of users on our platform, our geographic reach, and our operations, and we expect to continue to experience growth in the future. This growth has placed, and may continue to place, substantial demands on management and our operational and financial infrastructure. We have made, and intend to continue making, substantial investments in our technology, customer service, and sales and marketing infrastructure. For example, we are in the process of developing a new global technology platform for product development and operations, which will require both direct and opportunity costs, but is expected to increase our pace of global product development, enhance developer productivity through AI-native tooling, and improve operational consistency globally. Our ability to manage our growth effectively and to integrate new employees, technologies, services, and acquisitions into our existing business will require us to continue to expand our operational and financial infrastructure, including the development of appropriate controls, in order to manage our business effectively and accurately report our results of operations; it will also require us to continue to effectively integrate, develop, and motivate a large number of new employees, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our culture. In addition, our continued expansion into new verticals and geographies may also require us to adapt to different labor arrangements, including, but not limited to, engagement with works councils and potential negotiated agreements with labor unions, and may require us to adapt our employment and operational practices with respect to those new verticals and geographies. Continued 18 Table of Contents growth could challenge our ability to develop and improve our operational, financial, and management controls, enhance our reporting systems and procedures, recruit, train, and retain highly skilled personnel, and maintain user satisfaction. If we do not manage the growth of our business and operations effectively, the quality of our platform and the efficiency of our operations could suffer, which could adversely affect our reputation and brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. Growth of our business will depend on a strong reputation and brand, and any failure to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand could hurt our ability to retain or expand our base of merchants, consumers, and Dashers and our ability to increase their level of engagement. We believe that building a strong reputation and brand and continuing to increase the strength of the local network effects among the merchants, consumers, and Dashers that use our platform are critical to our ability to attract and retain all three constituencies and increase their engagement with our platform. Similarly, maintaining and enhancing our reputation and a cohesive brand will be particularly important for our continued growth both within and outside the United States. Successfully maintaining, protecting, and enhancing our reputation and brand and increasing the local network effects of our platform will depend on the success of our marketing efforts, our ability to provide consistent, high-quality services and support, and our ability to successfully secure, maintain, and defend our rights to use our trademarks, logos, and other important proprietary rights, as well as a number of other factors, many of which are outside our control. In particular, we believe that much of the growth in the number of merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform is attributable to our paid marketing initiatives, which may become increasingly expensive and may not generate a meaningful return. Our reputation, brand, and ability to build trust with merchants, consumers, and Dashers may be adversely affected by complaints and negative publicity about us, our platform, merchants, and Dashers that utilize our platform or our competitors platforms, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents. The effect of negative publicity could be exacerbated to the extent dissatisfaction with, or complaints concerning, us either originate or are rapidly disseminated via social media platforms and we are unable to stem, correct, or counter the messaging. Any such expressions of dissatisfaction or complaints, even if ultimately concluded to be unfounded or successfully resolved without direct adverse financial effects, could still harm our brand, reputation, and local network effects. Negative perception of our platform or company may result from a variety of circumstances, including: complaints or negative publicity about us, our business model, our platform, services or items provided through our platform, including highly regulated products, Dashers, merchants, consumers, or our policies and guidelines or the application of such policies and guidelines, including with respect to Dasher pay and work authorization; order quality concerns, missing or incorrect items, inaccurate orders, or cancelled orders; illegal, negligent, reckless, or otherwise inappropriate behavior by users or third parties; food tampering or inappropriate or unsanitary food preparation, handling, or delivery; traffic accidents caused by, or involving, Dashers or any party associated with us or death or serious injury involving a Dasher or any party associated with us; a failure to offer consumers competitive pricing and delivery times; a failure to provide sustainable delivery and packaging options or incorporate sustainability practices more broadly into our business; actual or perceived disruptions to or defects in our platform or similar incidents, such as privacy or security breaches or other security incidents, site outages, payment disruptions, or other incidents that impact the reliability of our services; litigation over, or investigations by regulators into, our platform or operations; a failure to comply with legal, tax, privacy, and regulatory requirements, including violations of food information, consumer protection, and age verification regulations; changes to our practices with respect to collection and use of merchant, consumer, and Dasher data; a failure to operate our business in a way that is consistent with our values and mission; inadequate or unsatisfactory user support experiences; illegal or otherwise inappropriate behavior by our management team or other employees or contractors; a failure to register and prevent misappropriation of our trademarks; 19 Table of Contents perception of our treatment of employees, merchants, consumers, and Dashers and our response to employee, merchant, consumer, and Dasher sentiment related to political or social causes or actions of management; perception of any key brands, influencers, or other third parties that we have partnered with or may partner with in the future; our operations in regions that are or become subject to geopolitical instability, conflict, or economic sanctions, and any negative consequences of such operations to us, merchants, consumers, or Dashers; or any of the foregoing with respect to our competitors, to the extent such resulting negative perception affects the public s perception of us or our industry as a whole. For example, we have previously received negative media coverage related to the manner in which Dashers were compensated, in particular with respect to gratuities, concerns related to food tampering and general food safety and quality, and concerns regarding the safety of Dashers, consumers, and merchants using our platform, which has adversely affected our reputation and brand from time to time. If we do not successfully develop, protect, and enhance our reputation and brand and increase the local network effects of our platform, our business may not grow, and we may not be able to compete effectively. We have been subject to cybersecurity incidents in the past and anticipate being the target of future attacks. Any actual or perceived cybersecurity incident or security or privacy breach, particularly those involving our key systems, data, or critical third-party providers, could interrupt our operations, subject us to claims, litigation, regulatory investigations and liability, and adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business involves the collection, storage, transmission, and other processing of personal data and other sensitive and proprietary data of merchants, consumers, and Dashers. Additionally, we maintain sensitive and proprietary data relating to our business, including our own proprietary data and personal data relating to our employees. Cybersecurity incidents are increasing in severity and sophistication and can originate with external actors or with our employees and contractors, whether acting maliciously or by inadvertently providing access to an external party or having their credentials compromised by an external party. For example, in October 2025, we identified and disclosed a cybersecurity incident in which an employee was the target of a social engineering scheme that enabled an unauthorized third party to gain access to certain internal systems and obtain limited contact information relating to a mix of users, including merchants, consumers, and Dashers that use our platform. Although we determined that this incident did not have a material impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition, it required us to devote significant time and resources to investigation, remediation, and notification, and underscores the ongoing risks posed by these and other schemes. Further, over the past several years, there has been and continues to be a heightened risk of cybersecurity incidents sponsored by state actors or state-affiliated actors. In addition to other vectors, cybersecurity incidents can originate on our vendors systems, which can be leveraged to access our websites, platforms, and data, including personal data. We and our vendors have previously experienced security breaches, disruptions, and other incidents. Our reliance on third-party vendors, contractors, and SaaS providers creates additional cybersecurity risks. Many of our critical business operations depend on external providers for hosting, cloud services, data analytics, customer support, and other key functions. If these third parties experience a cybersecurity incident, fail to implement adequate security measures, misconfigure their systems, or otherwise do not comply with our security, privacy, or contractual requirements, our systems and data could be exposed to unauthorized access, loss, or misuse, resulting in significant operational disruption, regulatory scrutiny, financial losses, or reputational harm. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or to sabotage or exfiltrate data from information systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our vendors, we and our vendors may be unable to anticipate or prevent these attacks, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate detective or preventive measures, and we and our vendors may face delays in our response to or remediation of breaches and other incidents. Unauthorized parties have in the past gained access, and may in the future gain access, to systems used in our business through various means. In addition, there have been, and we expect in the future will be additional, attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, merchants, consumers, Dashers, vendors, or others into disclosing user names, passwords, payment card information, or other sensitive information resulting in user account takeovers or the fraudulent transfer of funds to bad actors. These risks are heightened by the potential for misconfigurations, excessive or improperly managed access permissions, and other human errors in administering our systems and data. Even as we enhance training, access management, and monitoring, insider threats, including social-engineering attacks on personnel with elevated privileges or access to sensitive systems, remain a significant risk. 20 Table of Contents Although we take measures to enhance monitoring and protection of our systems and data, these and other measures will never fully protect our systems and data, and we cannot guarantee security in the future. Our IT and infrastructure may be vulnerable to viruses, phishing and other forms of social engineering, denial-of-service, credential stuffing, ransomware and other malware, insecure third-party libraries, application or network vulnerabilities, reliance on third-party vendors for patches, misconfigurations in cloud or SaaS environments, ineffective identity and access management practices, inadequate data discovery or deletion practices, employee error or malfeasance, and other sources of disruption or unauthorized access, and, as a result, unauthorized parties may be able to access our systems and data, including personal data and other sensitive and proprietary data, through our systems. Any actual or perceived breach or incident could interrupt our operations, harm our reputation, brand, and competitive position, result in our platform being unavailable, loss or improper access to, or unavailability of, data, fraudulent transfer of funds, regulatory investigations, proceedings, and significant legal, regulatory, and financial exposure. Any such actual or perceived breaches or incidents or any perception that our security measures are inadequate could also lead to loss of merchant, consumer, or Dasher confidence in, or decreased use of, our platform, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, any cybersecurity attacks or actual or perceived breaches or other incidents directed at, or suffered by, our competitors could reduce confidence in our industry as a whole and, as a result, reduce confidence in us. Any actual or perceived breach or other security incident impacting any entities with which we share or disclose data (including, for example, our vendors) could have similar effects. Our ability to monitor our vendors security measures and respond to any incidents impacting them is limited. There have been and may continue to be significant supply chain attacks, and we cannot guarantee that our or our vendors systems have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects, bugs, or vulnerabilities that could result in an incident, breach, or other disruption to, our or our vendors systems. Additionally, defending against claims or litigation based on any breach or incident, regardless of their merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance that may help provide coverage for these types of incidents and resulting claims, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities incurred relating to any breach or incident, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of any claim against us that exceeds available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. If the on-demand local commerce category does not continue to grow, or grows slower than we expect, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. The on-demand local commerce category has grown rapidly since we launched our platform in 2013, but it is uncertain to what extent the market for local commerce platforms will continue to grow. The markets for certain services we facilitate, in particular convenience, grocery, advertising, and certain other categories, are in earlier stages of development than our restaurant category, and it is uncertain whether demand for these services will continue to grow and achieve stable, widespread market acceptance. In addition, through both organic and inorganic growth, we have entered geographies where the development of the on-demand local commerce category is in different stages of market acceptance. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of people to widely adopt on-demand local commerce platforms. If merchants and consumers do not embrace the transition to on-demand local commerce platforms as we expect, including as a result of concerns regarding safety, affordability, or for other reasons, whether as a result of incidents on our platform or on our competitors platforms or otherwise, or instead adopt alternative solutions that may arise, then the market for our platform may not further develop or may develop slower than we expect, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are committed to the long-term success of our business, including by expanding our platform and enhancing the consumer experience, which may not maximize short-term financial results and may yield results that conflict with the market s expectations, which could result in our stock price being adversely affected. We are committed to the long-term success of our business, including by expanding our platform and enhancing the consumer experience, which we believe will ultimately drive long-term shareholder value. However, expanding our platform and continually enhancing the consumer experience requires steady and significant investments, which may not necessarily maximize short-term financial results. We frequently make business decisions that may negatively impact our short-term financial results when we believe that the decisions are consistent with our goals to improve the consumer experience, which we believe will improve our financial results over the long term. For example, in 2025, we announced a multi-year initiative to develop a new global technology platform for product development and operations, which has and will continue to entail both direct and opportunity costs in the near term but, as work progresses, we expect will increase 21 Table of Contents our pace of global product development, enhance developer productivity through AI-native tooling, and improve operational consistency across all of our geographies. These decisions may not be consistent with the short-term expectations of our stockholders, may take longer to implement and require more resources than initially anticipated, and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our growth, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activity of merchants, consumers, Dashers, or other third party service providers, whether or not occurring while using our platform, could expose us to liability and adversely affect our business, brand, financial condition, and results of operations. Illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities by merchants, consumers, Dashers, or other third party service providers, including the activities of former consumers and Dashers or individuals who are impersonating consumers, merchants, Dashers, or other third party service providers, have occurred, and in the future may occur, which could adversely affect our brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. These activities include food tampering, inappropriate or unsanitary food preparation, handling, or delivery, dangerous or unlawful vehicular operation, assault, battery, theft, and various types of fraud, identity theft, and other misconduct. Such activities have resulted in, and may in the future result in, physical injury, loss of life, property and financial damage for consumers, merchants, Dashers, and other third parties, business disruption, reputational and brand damage, or other significant liabilities for us. We have in the past incurred, and may in the future incur, losses from various types of fraud, including use of stolen or fraudulent credit card, debit card, or bank account information, fraud with respect to background checks, fraud by employees or agents relating to payments or credits on our platform, exploitation of system bugs or vulnerabilities to circumvent payment requirements, account takeovers of merchant, consumer, or Dasher accounts by bad actors, other unauthorized uses of another person's identity, including account registration, and use of stolen or altered identification documents. For example, bad actors have created consumer, merchant, and Dasher accounts using stolen personal identifying information for illicit purposes. Among other things, this has caused ineligible individuals to be onboarded as Dashers and has also caused Form 1099s in the United States, and the equivalent in other countries with similar reporting obligations, to be incorrectly sent to individuals who are not performing services as Dashers. In addition, under current credit card practices, we may be liable for orders facilitated on our platform with fraudulent credit card data, even if the associated financial institution approved the credit card transaction. While we have implemented various measures intended to anticipate, identify, and address the risk of these types of illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities of merchants, consumers, Dashers, and other third party service providers, these measures may not adequately address or prevent all such activity from occurring or scale efficiently with our business and such conduct could expose us to liability, including through litigation or regulatory action, or adversely affect our brand or reputation. At the same time, if the measures we have taken to guard against these illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities, such as our requirement that all Dashers undergo a background check where permitted by applicable law, are too restrictive and inadvertently prevent Dashers and consumers otherwise in good standing from using our platform, or if we are unable to implement and communicate these measures fairly and transparently or are perceived to have failed to do so, or if our competitors do not adopt similar measures, the growth of Dashers and consumers on our platform and their use of our platform could be adversely affected. Any negative publicity related to incidents involving illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities, or the measures we adopt to mitigate the risk of such incidents, whether such incidents occurred on our platform or on our competitors platforms, could adversely affect our reputation and brand or public perception of our industry as a whole, which could negatively affect demand for platforms like ours, and potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. Our platform facilitates deliveries to consumers from non-partner merchants, and we face certain risks associated with these deliveries. We aim to have a broad selection of merchants on our platform, which sometimes includes facilitating deliveries to consumers from non-partner merchants. Facilitating deliveries from non-partner merchants is generally less operationally efficient than doing so with partner merchants, as our platform is not integrated with non-partner merchants systems. As a result, we generally experience higher operational expenses for each order and a higher likelihood of errors. The occurrence of any errors, delays with orders, or other problems associated with facilitating deliveries with non-partner merchants could create a negative perception of our platform and cause damage to our reputation and brand. Some non-partner merchants may not want to be included on our platform and may request to be removed. There is a risk that non-partner merchants will bring legal claims against us relating to their inclusion on our platform. In addition, measures have been enacted in many U.S. jurisdictions that prohibit, among other things, on-demand local commerce platforms like ours from facilitating deliveries from restaurants without the restaurants prior consent. While we have 22 Table of Contents internal policies pursuant to which we do not add new non-partner restaurants for delivery on our platform in the United States, we may continue to add non-partner merchants in categories other than restaurants. We may also continue to revise and update our internal policies related to non-partner restaurants and other merchants. To the extent we are required or we choose to remove non-partner merchants for any reason, this may adversely affect our ability to provide a broad selection of merchants on our platform, attract and retain consumers and could directly and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we do not continue to innovate and further develop our platform, our platform developments do not perform, we do not successfully manage our platform strategy, or we are not able to keep pace with technological developments, we may not remain competitive and our business and results of operations could suffer. Our success depends in part on our ability to continue to innovate and further develop our platform, including through enhancing our existing platform and introducing new products and services. New products or services that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain errors or defects, or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. Merchants, consumers, and Dashers may delay adoption and use of new products and services to permit them to make a more thorough evaluation of those products and services and to compare them against potentially competitive products in the market. Further, we may make changes to our platform and platform strategy that merchants, consumers, or Dashers do not find useful and we may discontinue certain products, services, or features that merchants, consumers, or Dashers have otherwise enjoyed. To the extent that discontinued products, services, or features remain subject to a current contract with the applicable third party, we may incur costs with respect to our determination to discontinue those products, services, or features. Failure to effectively manage our platform and platform strategy could lead to merchant, consumer, or Dasher dissatisfaction and contractual liabilities, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If existing and new merchants and consumers do not perceive the delivery services provided by Dashers that utilize our platform to be reliable, safe, and affordable, or if we fail to offer new and relevant services and features on our platform, we may not be able to attract or retain merchants, consumers, or Dashers or to increase their use of our platform, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, if competitors introduce new features, offerings, or technologies, or if new industry standards and practices or consumer trends emerge, our existing technology, services, websites, and mobile applications may become less popular or obsolete. For example, companies operating in different industries are developing and have begun implementing autonomous technologies, and we believe that they may use these technologies to compete with us in the delivery or logistics industries. Our competitors may develop and commercialize autonomous and drone delivery technologies at scale before we or our partners do. In the event that our competitors bring autonomous or drone delivery to market or scale those technologies before we do, or their technology is, or is perceived to be, superior to our or our partners technology, they may be able to leverage such technology to compete more effectively with us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our future success could depend in large part on our ability to invest in, develop, and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our implementation of autonomous technologies may take longer than initially anticipated and may require more upfront capital investment that may not generate return on investment. In addition, laws and regulations governing autonomous and drone technology are relatively nascent and rapidly evolving, and the scope and interpretation of these and related or similar laws, and whether they are applicable to us, are often uncertain. New or existing regulation in this area may impair our ability to deploy technology that we believe may allow our platform to operate more efficiently and effectively. We have scaled our business rapidly and significant new platform features and services have in the past resulted in, and in the future may continue to result in, operational challenges affecting our business. Developing and launching enhancements to, and new services on, our platform, including our underlying technology infrastructure, may involve significant technical risks, the time and attention of our personnel, including management, key employees, and engineering resources allocated to specific projects, and meaningful upfront capital investments that may not generate return on investment. We may use new technologies ineffectively, or we may fail to adapt to emerging industry standards. If we face material delays in introducing new or enhanced platform features and services or updated technology infrastructure, or if our recently introduced offerings do not perform in accordance with our expectations, the merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform may forgo the use of our services in favor of those of our competitors. We face certain risks in connection with our self-operated convenience, grocery, and other retail businesses. We face certain risks in connection with our self-operated convenience, grocery, and other retail businesses. To build and expand our self-operated businesses, we have made substantial investments, including in establishing and managing a reliable supply chain for in-store products, establishing supply-related contractual partnerships, leasing premises, hiring 23 Table of Contents personnel, and rolling out relevant technologies and processes. The maintenance and expansion of our self-operated businesses, whether organic or inorganic, also requires significant investment, and there is no assurance that we will realize any of the anticipated benefits. In locations where we operate these facilities, we may not be able to generate a sufficient number of orders to cover our fixed costs and make such services viable and we may incur significant costs before we can determine the viability of these locations. Our self-operated retail locations also expose us to different regulatory requirements and risks than our Marketplaces and Commerce Platform, in particular with respect to food safety, permit and license requirements, and zoning restrictions, and certain other business risks, including inventory shrinkage and the impact of changing economic policy on the cost of resold goods. In some cases, we are also leveraging our self-operated retail locations to enable fulfillment services on behalf of third-party merchants, which has required, and is expected to continue requiring, additional investment and operational enhancements. Our expansion into convenience, grocery, and other retail categories, as well as into fulfillment services on behalf of third parties, may also result in the diversion of management s attention from other business opportunities as well as the diversion of resources from support functions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to maintain or improve the cost-effectiveness of our local commerce platform, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our ability to provide a cost-effective local commerce platform depends on a number of factors, including Dasher efficiency and Dasher pay. Dasher efficiency relies on the technology that powers our platform and while we continue to make significant investments to improve the efficiency and sophistication of our technology, including enhancements to demand prediction, forecasting food preparation times at merchants, and optimizing our routing and batching algorithms, there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful and produce the gains in efficiency to our platform that we expect. Dasher pay is a major component of the cost of our business and subject to a number of risks, including changes to our Dasher pay models and changes in macroeconomic conditions. The cost-effectiveness of our platform would also be adversely affected if our operational and technological improvements do not reduce the number of defective orders and accordingly our cost of revenue and refunds and credits. If we are unable to maintain or improve the cost-effectiveness of our platform, including with respect to Dasher efficiency, Dasher pay, and defective orders, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Any failure to offer high-quality support may harm our relationships with merchants, consumers, and Dashers and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers is dependent in part on our ability to provide high-quality support. Merchants, consumers, and Dashers depend on our support organization to resolve any issues relating to our platform. We rely on third parties to provide some support services and our ability to provide effective support is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain third-party customer support providers who are qualified to support users of our platform and well versed in our platform. As we continue to grow our business and improve our offerings, we will face challenges related to providing high-quality support services at scale. Additionally, as we continue to grow our international business and the number of users not based in the U.S. on our platform, our support organization will face additional challenges, including those associated with delivering support in languages other than English and in ways consistent with the customs and dominant technologies used in the various geographies in which we operate. Any failure to maintain high-quality support, or a perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our ability to scale our platform and business, our financial condition, and results of operations. We experience significant seasonal fluctuations in our financial results, which could cause our Class A common stock price to fluctuate. Our business is highly dependent on consumer spending habits and Dasher behavior patterns, each of which have a significant impact on our growth and expenses. We experience changes in consumer activity over the course of the calendar year, although our rapid growth in historical periods has made, and may continue to make, seasonal fluctuations difficult to detect. For example, consumer activity is often impacted by weather. We generally see increases in consumer demand in colder or more inclement weather, while we generally see decreases in consumer demand in warmer or sunny weather. In contrast, the number of available Dashers has decreased, and is generally expected to decrease, during periods of cold or inclement weather when we need more Dashers available to fulfill orders driven by increased consumer demand. In such instances, we typically rely on incentive pay to attract sufficient Dashers to maintain the quality of our platform, which increases our costs. Further, severe weather can cause businesses, including restaurants, to close, making it impossible to fulfill related deliveries. We also benefit from increased order volume in our campus markets when school is in session, and we experience a decrease in order volume when school is not in session and during summer breaks and other vacation periods, causing adverse effects to our business during impacted periods. Seasonality will likely cause fluctuations in our financial results on a quarterly basis. In addition, other seasonal trends may develop and the 24 Table of Contents existing seasonal trends that we experience may become more pronounced and contribute to greater fluctuations in our results of operations as we continue to scale and our growth slows. As such, we may not accurately forecast our results of operations and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our revenue is less than expected, causing our results of operations to fail to meet our expectations or the expectations of investors. The impact of adverse economic conditions and other trends, including the resulting effects on consumer spending and merchant operations, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any factor that impacts consumer spending broadly, including changes to economic conditions in regions where we do business, may also impact consumer spending on our platform. Some of these factors include unemployment, inflation, consumer debt, fluctuations in transportation costs, increased food costs, declines in asset prices, mortgage markets, taxation, energy prices, changes in interest rates and credit availability, and consumer confidence in the current and future political and economic environment. Economic conditions in certain regions may also be affected or exacerbated by natural disasters and threats to public health. Additionally, volatility in the global financial markets, or in specific segments of those markets, may contribute to banks and financial institutions with whom we have banking or payment processing relationships entering receivership or becoming insolvent in the future, and we may be unable to access or may lose some or all of our existing cash and cash equivalents to the extent those funds are not insured or otherwise protected by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or other insurance programs. Such volatility may also adversely impact any funds held temporarily at our third-party payment processors. In addition, merchants on our platform may be negatively impacted by supply chain issues, labor shortages, inflation, or other macroeconomic factors, including changing economic policy. Labor shortages and supply chain issues at merchants could negatively impact their ability to fulfill orders, which could negatively impact volume on our Marketplaces and in our Commerce Platform. Inflationary pressures and changing economic policy could drive merchant prices higher, which could negatively impact consumer demand and drive lower order volume on our Marketplaces and in our Commerce Platform. Small businesses that do not have substantial resources, like many of the merchants on our platform, tend to be more adversely affected by poor economic conditions than large businesses. If merchants on our platform, including our small business merchants, cease operations, temporarily or permanently, or face financial distress or other business disruption, we may not be able to provide consumers with sufficient merchant selection, and they may be less likely to use our platform. As our business has grown, we have increasingly become subject to risks arising from adverse global economic and political conditions, including changing economic policy and the conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine. These have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on macroeconomic conditions in their respective regions and have given rise to volatility and instability in a manner that adversely affects our business and merchants, consumers, and Dashers on our platform in those regions. We are subject to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk as a result of our operations in non-U.S. countries. When conducting business in non-U.S. countries, such business is typically denominated in the local currency of the respective country, which exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our primary foreign currency exposure includes the Euro, the Canadian dollar, the Israeli shekel, and the Australian dollar. As we continue to expand globally, our foreign currency exposure is expected to increase. Additionally, because our financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, local functional currencies will be converted into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our financial statements, thereby increasing our foreign exchange translation risk. We depend on our highly skilled employees to grow and operate our business, and if we are unable to hire, retain, manage, and motivate our employees, or if our new employees do not perform as we anticipate, we may not be able to grow effectively and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our future success will depend in part on the continued service of our founders, senior management team, key technical employees, and other highly skilled employees, including Tony Xu, our co-founder and Chief Executive Officer, and on our ability to continue to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain talented employees. All of our U.S.-based employees, including our senior management team and Mr. Xu, work for us on an at-will basis, and there is no assurance that any such employee will remain with us. Our competitors may be successful in recruiting and hiring members of our management team or other key employees, and it may be difficult for us to find suitable replacements on a timely basis, on competitive terms, or at all. If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary employees, particularly in critical areas 25 Table of Contents of our business, we may not achieve our strategic goals. In addition, there may be changes in our senior management team that may be disruptive to our business. If our senior management team fails to work together effectively and to execute its plans and strategies, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We face intense competition for highly skilled employees, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area where we have a substantial presence and need for highly skilled employees. To attract and retain top talent, we have had to offer, and we believe we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation and benefits packages. Job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of any equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards fails to appreciate or declines, it may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees. Certain of our employees have received, and may in the future receive, significant proceeds from sales of our equity, which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees and expend significant time and resources to identify, recruit, train, and integrate such employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. If we are unable to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate new hires, our efficiency, ability to meet forecasts, and employee morale, productivity, and engagement could suffer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot maintain and evolve our culture as we grow, our business could be adversely affected. We believe that our company culture, which promotes authenticity, empathy, support for others, and bias for action, has been critical to our success. We face a number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate culture, including: failure to identify, attract, reward, and retain people in leadership positions in our organization who share and further our culture, values, and mission; the increasing size and geographic diversity of our workforce; an increasing share of our workforce working remotely, on hybrid schedules, and spending less time collaborating in offices; the integration of new personnel and businesses from acquisitions; competitive pressures to move in directions that may divert us from our mission, vision, and values; the continued challenges of a rapidly evolving industry; the increasing need to develop expertise in new areas of business that affect us; and negative perception of our treatment of employees, merchants, consumers, and Dashers or our response to employee sentiment related to political or social causes or actions of management. If we are not able to maintain and evolve our culture, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ("Nasdaq"). We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including hiring additional specialized personnel, regularly reviewing and testing existing controls and procedures, incurring accounting-related costs, and requiring significant management oversight. If any of these new or improved controls and systems, or the existing systems and third-party software applications that we rely on for financial reporting, do not perform as expected, we may experience deficiencies in our controls and we may not be able to meet our financial reporting obligations. We also need to implement, integrate, and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting 26 Table of Contents at companies we acquire, which involves significant time and resources, and any failure to do so could impact our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq. Additionally, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and could cause a decline in the price of our Class A common stock. We use artificial intelligence in our business, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in competitive harm, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm, and adversely affect our results of operations. We incorporate artificial intelligence ( AI ) solutions into our platform, offerings, services, and features, and in support of internal business operations, and we expect these applications will become increasingly important in our operations over time. The procurement of third-party AI tools and the development of our own have required and are expected to continue requiring significant investment, and if, for the reasons described below and other reasons, we are unable to realize the benefits of this investment, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affect