=== CCL_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
tm2529359-1_nonfiling - none - 53.7502472s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Carnival Corporation Carnival plc (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS WHY e-DELIVERY? Convenient Electronic delivery allows you to access proxy materials at your convenience online. You will also receive the materials earlier compared to traditional mail delivery. Cost-Efficient By opting for electronic delivery, you will help us significantly reduce printing and mailing costs associated with physical proxy materials. Reduces Our Environmental Impact Join us in making a positive impact on the environment. Electronic delivery helps us lower CO 2 emissions and preserve precious resources like water and trees. TABLE OF CONTENTS OUR COMPANY Carnival Corporation plc (NYSE: CCL and CUK; LSE: CCL) is the largest global cruise company and among the largest leisure travel companies with a portfolio of world-class cruise lines. Cruising offers a broad range of products and services to suit vacationing guests of many ages, backgrounds and interests. Each brand in our portfolio meets the needs of a distinct set of consumer psychographics and vacation needs which allows us to penetrate large addressable customer segments. OUR PURPOSE MISSION To deliver unforgettable happiness to our guests by providing extraordinary cruise vacations, while honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail, place we visit and life we touch. CORE VALUES Listen Learn We listen actively and inclusively to make better decisions and learn from our successes and failures. Speak Up We can respectfully share ideas, feedback, concerns and questions with confidence. Respect Protect We protect what matters our people, our company and our planet treating everyone with dignity and respect. Always Improving We always try to do our jobs better and innovate to drive the business forward. Better Together We work collaboratively as a team to successfully deliver on our purpose, mission and goals. Guest Obsessed We put our guests front and center, delighting them at every opportunity. TABLE OF CONTENTS Carnival Place 3655 N.W. 87th Avenue Miami, Florida 33178-2428 United States Carnival House 100 Harbour Parade Southampton SO15 1ST United Kingdom Letter to Shareholders from our Chief Executive Officer JOSH WEINSTEIN Chief Executive Officer Dear Fellow Shareholders, 2025 was another strong year that exceeded expectations, setting new records across our business and achieving more milestones, including: Record revenues of $26.6 billion All-time high operating income of $4.5 billion, up 25 percent compared to the prior year Achieved the highest adjusted return on invested capital ( ROIC ) in 19 years Record booking trends with continued strong close-in demand throughout the year Ended 2025 with record year-end customer deposits, up nearly 7 percent year over year In 2025, we made significant progress strengthening our balance sheet. We successfully completed our $19 billion refinancing plan in less than a year and reduced total debt by over $10 billion since our peak in January 2023. In addition, we surpassed our investment grade leverage metric threshold. These accomplishments enabled us to reinstate our dividend, reflecting both our confidence in the durability of our cash generation and the improvements we have made to our balance sheet. Looking forward, we are well-positioned to create even greater shareholder value over time as we continue to reinvest in our future. This will be driven by our focus on driving commercial excellence, disciplined newbuild strategy, our expansion of AIDA Evolution-style return-generating ship enhancement initiatives across several of our other cruise lines and our exclusive destination development program. We continue to strengthen our demand generation efforts to position ourselves for success in 2026 and beyond, while also capturing additional market share from land-based vacation alternatives. Our world-class cruise lines are refining their focus on target markets, sharpening marketing messages and reaching target consumers more efficiently. We are also enhancing our commercial strategies by leveraging AI to improve marketing effectiveness, deliver personalized experiences and drive efficiency gains across all our cruise lines. Together, we believe these initiatives will increase same ship revenues, drive margins and returns higher over time and help to close the price-to-value gap we offer versus to land-based alternatives. In 2025, we opened our game-changing new exclusive destination, Celebration Key, Grand Bahama, which has already hosted more than one million guests since its July opening. We will continue to build on the success of Celebration Key through planned expansions at some of our other Paradise Collection properties, including RelaxAway, Half Moon Cay and Isla Tropicale (formerly Mahogany Bay) in 2026. In addition, we recently announced the development of Ensenada Bay Village Treasures of Baja . This destination will showcase the natural beauty of Baja California, Mexico through a blend of adventure, culture and relaxation experiences while benefitting our west coast deployments. TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter to Shareholders from our Chief Executive Officer During 2025, we also continued making progress towards our sustainability goals. We reached our 2030 goal ahead of schedule, cutting year-over-year greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 20% relative to our 2019 baseline. Separately, our Less Left Over strategy helped reduce food waste by over 47%, edging closer to our 50% target set for 2030. In addition, we continue to take actions that will strengthen our ability to deliver long-term shareholder value. We recently announced that our Boards of Directors recommends unifying our dual-listed company framework under a single corporate entity to streamline governance and reporting. This would create a single global share price, reduce administrative costs and is expected to increase liquidity and weighting in major U.S. stock indexes. Together in 2025, we delivered unforgettable happiness to over 13.5 million people around the world by providing them with extraordinary cruise vacations while honoring the integrity of every ocean we sail, place we visit and life we touch. We are grateful for the efforts of our 160,000 hard-working and dedicated team members who delivered incredible results this year and have set us up well for another step forward in 2026. Sincerely, JOSH WEINSTEIN Chief Executive Officer February 27, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents i INFORMATION ABOUT ATTENDING THE ANNUAL MEETINGS ii VOTING INFORMATION iii NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF CARNIVAL CORPORATION SHAREHOLDERS vi NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF CARNIVAL PLC SHAREHOLDERS 1 PROXY SUMMARY 1 2025 Business Highlights 2 Corporate Governance Highlights 3 Directors at a Glance 5 Executive Compensation Highlights 6 Shareholder Engagement 7 Corporate Social Responsibility 9 GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS 9 Proposals 1-11 Re-Election of Directors 9 Governance 10 Nominations of Directors 11 Board Evaluation Process 12 Board Refreshment 13 Board Orientation and Education 13 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards 26 Board and Committee Governance 38 Non-Executive Director Compensation 41 Related Person Transactions 44 SHARE OWNERSHIP 44 Share Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 48 COMPENSATION 48 Proposal 12 Advisory (Non-Binding) Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 49 Proposal 13 Advisory (Non-Binding) Vote to Approve the Carnival plc Directors Remuneration Report 50 Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Carnival plc Directors Remuneration Report (Part I) 71 Report of the Compensation Committees 71 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 72 Compensation Tables 78 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 81 U.S. CEO Pay Ratio 81 Pay versus Performance 86 AUDIT MATTERS 86 Proposal 14 Appointment of the Independent Auditor of Carnival plc and Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of Carnival Corporation 86 Proposal 15 Authorization to Determine the Remuneration of Independent Auditor of Carnival plc 87 Report of the Audit Committees 89 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 90 OTHER PROPOSALS 90 Proposal 16 Receipt of Accounts and Reports of Carnival plc 91 Proposal 17 Approval of the Grant of Authority to Allot New Carnival plc Shares 91 Proposal 18 Approval of the Disapplication of Pre-Emption Rights Applicable to Carnival plc 94 Proposal 19 Approval of a General Authority to Buy Back Carnival plc Ordinary Shares 96 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 96 Questions Applicable to All Shareholders 103 Questions Specific to Shareholders of Carnival Corporation 107 Questions Specific to Shareholders of Carnival plc 109 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES RECONCILIATION TO GAAP A-1 ANNEX A CARNIVAL PLC DIRECTORS REPORT B-1 ANNEX B CARNIVAL PLC DIRECTORS REMUNERATION REPORT (PART II) C-1 ANNEX C CARNIVAL PLC CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT TABLE OF CONTENTS Information about Attending the Annual Meetings You are cordially invited to attend our Annual Meetings of Shareholders: DATE TIME LOCATION Friday, April 17, 2026 9:00 a.m. (EDT) 1 The Carnival plc Annual General Meeting will begin first, followed by the Carnival Corporation Annual Meeting. Shareholders of each may attend both meetings. Carnival Place 3655 N.W. 87th Avenue Miami, Florida 33178 United States LIVE VIDEO BROADCAST Carnival House, 100 Harbour Parade, Southampton SO15 1ST, United Kingdom, 2:00 p.m. (BST) 1 Shareholders planning to attend the live video broadcast in Southampton must submit a proxy in order to vote as they will not be able to vote in person from Southampton. Shareholders attending the live video broadcast in Southampton will be able to submit questions live to the Directors present at the Annual Meetings in Florida, but will not be treated as, or considered to be, in attendance at the Annual Meetings. Details regarding the matters to be voted on are contained in the attached Notices of Annual Meetings of Shareholders and Proxy Statement. Because of the dual listed company arrangement, all voting will take place on a poll (or ballot). Please read the section Security Measures below for further details on how we plan to conduct the meetings to prioritize the safety and security of our employees, shareholders and other stakeholders. Your vote is important. We encourage you to vote as soon as possible to ensure your vote is recorded promptly, even if you plan to attend the Annual Meetings of Shareholders. The Boards of Directors recommend that you vote in favor of Proposals 1 through 19. The Boards of Directors consider the approval of Proposals 1 through 19 to be in the best interests of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc and their shareholders. We are furnishing the proxy materials to shareholders on or about February 27, 2026 SECURITY MEASURES MEETING ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS Due to security measures, all bags will be subject to search, and all persons who attend the meeting will be subject to a metal detector and/or a hand wand search. We will be unable to admit anyone who does not comply with these security procedures. Attendance at the Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders is limited to shareholders and their duly appointed proxies or corporate representatives. Each attendee will be asked to present valid government-issued picture identification, such as a driver s license or passport. Shareholders holding shares in brokerage accounts ( under a street name ) will need to bring a copy of a brokerage statement reflecting share ownership as of the record date (February 17, 2026). 1 Or as soon thereafter as the special meetings of the shareholders of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc and the Carnival plc court meeting (the Special Meetings ) shall have been concluded or adjourned. The Special Meetings will be held immediately prior to the Annual Meetings of Shareholders to consider the proposed unification of the DLC structure under a single company, Carnival Corporation, with Carnival plc as its wholly-owned UK subsidiary, the shifting of Carnival Corporation s legal incorporation from Panama to Bermuda under the name Carnival Corporation Ltd., and the related approvals. CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | i TABLE OF CONTENTS Voting Information YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. We encourage you to vote as soon as possible, even if you plan to attend the Annual Meetings of Shareholders. ELIGIBILITY TO VOTE All eligible shareholders may vote in person at the 2026 Annual Meetings of Shareholders. Please refer to details about how to vote in person in the Question and Answers section. Carnival Corporation Shareholders Carnival plc Shareholders You are eligible to vote if you were a shareholder as of the close of business (EDT) on February 17, 2026. You are eligible to vote if you are a shareholder as of 6:30 p.m. (BST) on April 15, 2026. HOW TO VOTE REGISTERED HOLDERS To make sure your vote is counted, please cast your vote as soon as possible by one of the following methods: Voting Method Carnival Corporation Shareholders Carnival plc Shareholders Internet www.proxyvote.com , 24/7 www.shareview.co.uk , 24/7 Telephone 1-800-690-6903 (toll-free) N/A CREST N/A Using CREST electronic proxy appointment service (if you hold your shares through CREST) Mobile Device Scan the QR code Scan the QR code Mail Complete and mail your signed form Complete and mail your signed proxy form At the Meeting Attend the annual meeting and cast your ballot Attend the annual meeting and cast your ballot BENEFICIAL OWNERS (HOLDERS IN STREET NAME): your bank or broker will provide you with instructions on how to vote. ENROLL FOR ELECTRONIC DELIVERY We encourage shareholders to sign up to receive future proxy materials electronically. If you have not already enrolled, please consider doing so as it: is simple and convenient saves time and money is environmentally friendly Carnival Corporation Shareholders Carnival plc Shareholders Internet www.investordelivery.com www.shareview.co.uk Mobile Device Scan the QR code Scan the QR code ii | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Carnival Place 3655 N.W. 87th Avenue Miami, Florida 33178-2428 United States Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders We are pleased to invite you to attend Carnival Corporation s 2026 Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders. WHEN WHERE ELIGIBILITY TO VOTE AND RECORD DATE Friday, April 17, 2026 9:00 a.m. (EDT) 1 Carnival Place 3655 N.W. 87th Avenue Miami, Florida 33178 United States The Board of Directors set February 17, 2026 as the record date for the Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders. This means that our shareholders as of the close of business on that date are entitled to receive this notice of the meeting and vote their shares. Items of Business Board Recommendation Page Reference 1-11 To re-elect 11 Directors, each to serve as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc FOR each Director nominee 9 1 To re-elect Micky Arison as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 16 2 To re-elect Sir Jonathon Band as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 16 3 To re-elect Jason Glen Cahilly as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 17 4 To re-elect Nelda J. Connors as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 18 5 To re-elect Helen Deeble as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 19 6 To re-elect Jeffrey J. Gearhart as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 20 7 To re-elect Katie Lahey as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 21 8 To re-elect Stuart Subotnick as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 22 9 To re-elect Laura Weil as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 23 10 To re-elect Josh Weinstein as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 24 11 To re-elect Randall Weisenburger as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 25 12 To hold a (non-binding) advisory vote to approve executive compensation. FOR 48 1 Or as soon thereafter as the Special Meetings shall have been concluded or adjourned. CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | iii TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders Items of Business Board Recommendation Page Reference 13 To hold a (non-binding) advisory vote to approve the Carnival plc Directors Remuneration Report (in accordance with legal requirements applicable to UK companies). FOR 49 14 To appoint Deloitte LLP as independent auditor of Carnival plc and to ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of Carnival Corporation. FOR 86 15 To authorize the Audit Committee of Carnival plc to determine the remuneration of the independent auditor of Carnival plc (in accordance with legal requirements applicable to UK companies). FOR 86 16 To receive the accounts and reports of the Directors and auditor of Carnival plc for the year ended November 30, 2025 (in accordance with legal requirements applicable to UK companies). FOR 90 17 To approve the giving of authority for the allotment of new shares by Carnival plc (in accordance with customary practice for UK companies). FOR 91 18 To approve, subject to Proposal 17 passing, the disapplication of pre-emption rights in relation to the allotment of new shares and sale of treasury shares by Carnival plc (in accordance with customary practice for UK companies). FOR 91 19 To approve a general authority for Carnival plc to buy back Carnival plc ordinary shares in the open market (in accordance with legal requirements applicable to UK companies desiring to implement share buyback programs). FOR 94 20 To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting. How to Vote Your vote is important. Please review the proxy materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders and follow the instructions. INTERNET TELEPHONE MOBILE DEVICE MAIL AT THE MEETING Registered Holders www.proxyvote.com 24/7 Call 1-800-690-6903 (toll-free) Scan the QR code Complete and mail your signed form in the postage-paid envelope Attend the annual meeting and cast your ballot Beneficial Owners (Holders in Street Name) Follow the instructions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee Return a properly executed voting instruction form by mail, depending upon the methods your broker, bank or other nominee makes available To attend the annual meeting, you will need proof of ownership and a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee Deadline 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 16, 2026, if you are a registered holder If you are a beneficial owner, please refer to the information provided by your broker, bank or other nominee iv | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders Meeting Admission Requirements Attendance at the Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders is limited to shareholders and their duly appointed proxies or corporate representatives. Each attendee will be asked to present valid government-issued picture identification, such as a driver s license or passport. Shareholders holding shares in brokerage accounts ( under a street name ) will need to bring a copy of a brokerage statement reflecting share ownership as of the record date (February 17, 2026). Additional requirements are included in the Security Measures section above. Notice of Internet Availability Carnival Corporation is continuing to take advantage of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules that allow it to deliver proxy materials over the Internet. Under these rules, Carnival Corporation is sending its shareholders a one-page notice regarding the Internet availability of proxy materials instead of a full set of proxy materials, unless they previously requested to receive printed copies. If you receive this one-page notice, you will not receive printed copies of the proxy materials unless you specifically request them. Instead, this notice tells you how to access and review on the Internet all of the important information contained in the proxy materials. This notice also tells you how to submit your proxy card on the Internet and how to request to receive a printed copy of the proxy materials. All Carnival Corporation shareholders are urged to follow the instructions in the notice and submit their votes using one of the voting methods described in the proxy materials. If you receive a printed copy of the proxy materials, the accompanying envelope for return of the proxy card requires no postage. Any shareholder attending the Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders in Miami, Florida may personally vote on all matters that are considered, in which event any previously submitted proxy will be revoked. On Behalf of the Board of Directors, DOREEN S. FURNARI Company Secretary January 27, 2026 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 17, 2026 The Notice of Annual Meetings of Shareholders, Proxy Statement and the Annual Report are available on our websites at www.carnivalcorp.com and www.carnivalplc.com . CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | v TABLE OF CONTENTS (incorporated and registered in England and Wales under number 4039524) Carnival House 100 Harbour Parade Southampton SO15 1ST United Kingdom Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Carnival plc Shareholders THIS NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to any aspect of the proposals referred to in this document or as to the action you should take, you should immediately consult your stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other independent financial advisor authorized under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all your shares in Carnival plc, please send this document and the accompanying documents to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker, bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that an ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of Carnival plc will be held: WHEN WHERE ELIGIBILITY TO VOTE Friday, April 17, 2026 9:00 a.m. (EDT) 1 Carnival Place 3655 N.W. 87th Avenue Miami, Florida 33178 United States Carnival plc, pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, specifies that only those shareholders registered in the register of members of Carnival plc at 6:30 p.m. (BST) on April 15, 2026 shall be entitled to attend or vote at the meeting in respect of the number of shares registered in their name at that time. Changes to the entries on the register of members after 6:30 p.m. (BST) on April 15, 2026 shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the meeting. LIVE VIDEO BROADCAST Carnival House, 100 Harbour Parade, Southampton SO15 1ST, United Kingdom, 2:00 p.m. (BST) 1 Shareholders planning to attend the live video broadcast in Southampton must submit a proxy in order to vote as they will not be able to vote in person from Southampton. Shareholders attending the live video broadcast in Southampton will be able to submit questions live to the Directors present at the Annual Meetings in Florida, but will not be treated as, or considered to be, in attendance at the Annual Meetings. 1 Or as soon thereafter as the Special Meetings shall have been concluded or adjourned. vi | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Carnival plc Shareholders The meeting will be held for the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, passing the resolutions described below: Proposals Vote Required Proposals 1 through 17 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions . For ordinary resolutions, the required majority is more than 50% of the combined votes cast at this meeting and the Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders. Proposals 18 and 19 will be proposed as special resolutions . For special resolutions, the required majority is not less than 75% of the combined votes cast at this meeting and the Annual Meeting of Carnival Corporation Shareholders. Proposals Board Recommendation Page Reference 1-11 RE-ELECTION OF 11 DIRECTORS NAMED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT To re-elect 11 Directors, each to serve as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc FOR each Director nominee 9 1 To re-elect Micky Arison as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 16 2 To re-elect Sir Jonathon Band as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 16 3 To re-elect Jason Glen Cahilly as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 17 4 To re-elect Nelda J. Connors as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 18 5 To re-elect Helen Deeble as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 19 6 To re-elect Jeffrey J. Gearhart as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 20 7 To re-elect Katie Lahey as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 21 8 To re-elect Stuart Subotnick as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 22 9 To re-elect Laura Weil as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 23 10 To re-elect Josh Weinstein as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 24 11 To re-elect Randall Weisenburger as a Director of Carnival Corporation and as a Director of Carnival plc. FOR 25 12 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION FOR 48 12 To hold a (non-binding) advisory vote to approve executive compensation (in accordance with legal requirements applicable to U.S. companies). FOR 48 13 DIRECTORS REMUNERATION REPORT FOR 49 13 To hold a (non-binding) advisory vote to approve the Carnival plc Directors Remuneration Report (as set out in the annual report for the year ended November 30, 2025). FOR 49 14- 15 APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF CARNIVAL PLC AUDITOR AND RATIFICATION OF CARNIVAL CORPORATION AUDITOR FOR 86 14 To appoint Deloitte LLP as independent auditor of Carnival plc and to ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of Carnival Corporation. FOR 86 CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | vii TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Carnival plc Shareholders Proposals Board Recommendation Page Reference 15 To authorize the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Carnival plc to determine the remuneration of the independent auditor of Carnival plc. FOR 86 16 ACCOUNTS AND REPORTS To receive the accounts and the reports of the Directors and auditor of Carnival plc for the year ended November 30, 2025. FOR 90 17 ALLOTMENT OF SHARES THAT the Directors of Carnival plc be and they are hereby authorized to allot shares in Carnival plc and to grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares in Carnival plc: (a) up to an aggregate nominal amount of $104,295,964 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount allotted or granted under paragraph (b) below in excess of such sum); and (b) up to an aggregate nominal amount of $208,591,929 (such amount to be reduced by any allotments or grants made under paragraph (a) above) in connection with or pursuant to an offer of or invitation to apply for equity securities by way of a pre-emptive offer or invitation (including a rights issue or an open offer): to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their holdings of ordinary shares on the record date for such allotment; and to holders of any other class of equity securities as required by the rights of those securities or as the Directors of Carnival plc otherwise consider necessary, and so that the Directors of Carnival plc may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which they consider necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares, fractional entitlements, record dates, legal, regulatory or practical problems in, or under the laws of, any territory or any other matter, such authorities to apply until the end of next year s Carnival plc Annual General Meeting (or, if earlier, until the close of business on July 16, 2027) but, in each case, Carnival plc may, before the expiry of such authorities, make offers and enter into agreements which would, or might, require shares to be allotted or rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares to be granted after the authorities expire and the Directors of Carnival plc may allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares under, or in pursuance of, any such offer or agreement as if the authorities had not expired. FOR 91 18 DISAPPLICATION OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS THAT, subject to Proposal 17 passing, the Directors of Carnival plc be given power to allot equity securities (as defined in the UK Companies Act 2006 (the Companies Act )) for cash under the authority given by that resolution and/or to sell ordinary shares held by Carnival plc as treasury shares for cash as if Section 561 of the Companies Act did not apply to any such allotment or sale, such power to be limited: (a) to the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares for cash in connection with or pursuant to an offer of, or invitation to apply for, equity securities (but in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (b) of Proposal 17, by way of a pre-emptive offer or invitation (including a rights issue or open offer): to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their holdings of ordinary shares on the record date for such allotment or sale; and to holders of any other class of equity securities, as required by the rights of those securities, or as the Directors of Carnival plc otherwise consider necessary, and so that the Directors of Carnival plc may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which they consider necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares, fractional entitlements, record dates, legal, regulatory or practical problems in, or under the laws of, any territory or any other matter; FOR 91 viii | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Carnival plc Shareholders Proposals Board Recommendation Page Reference (b) in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (a) of Proposal 17 and/or in the case of any sale of treasury shares for cash, to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under paragraph (a) above or paragraph (c) below) up to a nominal amount of $31,288,789; and (c) in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (a) of Proposal 17 and/or in the case of any sale of treasury shares for cash, to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under paragraphs (a) or (b) above) up to a nominal amount equal to 20 percent of any allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares from time to time under paragraph (b) above, such authority to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer which the Directors of Carnival plc determine to be of a kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Part 2B of the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice, such power to apply until the end of next year s Carnival plc Annual General Meeting (or, if earlier, until the close of business on July 16, 2027) but, in each case, Carnival plc, before the expiry of such power, may make offers, and enter into agreements, which would, or might, require equity securities to be allotted (and/or treasury shares to be sold) after the power expires and the Directors of Carnival plc may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under, or in pursuance of, any such offer or agreement as if the power had not expired. 19 GENERAL AUTHORITY TO BUY BACK CARNIVAL PLC ORDINARY SHARES THAT Carnival plc be and is generally and unconditionally authorized to make market purchases (within the meaning of Section 693(4) of the UK Companies Act 2006) of ordinary shares of $1.66 each in the capital of Carnival plc on such terms and in such manner as the Directors of Carnival plc may determine, and where such shares are held as treasury shares, Carnival plc may use them for the purposes of its employee share schemes, subject to the following conditions: (a) the maximum number of ordinary shares authorized to be acquired is 18,848,668; (b) the minimum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for an ordinary share is $1.66; (c) the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for an ordinary share is an amount equal to the higher of: 105% of the average of the middle market quotations for an ordinary share of Carnival plc, as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List, for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which such ordinary share is contracted to be purchased; and the higher of the price of the last independent trade of an ordinary share and the highest current independent bid for an ordinary share on the trading venues where the purchase is carried out; and (d) unless previously revoked or renewed, this authority shall expire at the end of next year s Carnival plc Annual General Meeting (or, if earlier, at close of business on July 16, 2027), but Carnival plc may, before the expiry of this authority, make contracts to purchase ordinary shares that would or might be executed wholly or partly after this authority expires and Carnival plc may make purchases of ordinary shares under any such contract as if this authority had not expired. FOR 94 There are 19 Proposals that require shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting this year. The Directors unanimously recommend that you vote in favor of Proposals 1 through 19. The Directors encourage you to submit your vote using one of the voting methods described herein. Submitting your voting instructions by any of these methods will not affect your right to attend the meeting in person should you so choose. CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | ix TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Carnival plc Shareholders Voting Arrangements for Carnival plc Shareholders Your vote is important. Carnival plc shareholders can vote in any of the following three ways: 1. by attending the Annual General Meeting and voting in person or, in the case of corporate shareholders, by corporate representatives; 2. by appointing a proxy to attend and vote on their behalf, using the proxy form enclosed with this Notice of Annual General Meeting; or 3. by voting electronically as described below. VOTING IN PERSON If you come to the Annual General Meeting, please bring the attendance card (attached to the enclosed proxy form) with you. This will mean you can register more quickly. In order to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting, a corporate shareholder may appoint one or more individuals to act as its representative. The appointment must comply with the requirements of Section 323 of the Companies Act. Each representative should bring evidence of their appointment, including any authority under which it is signed, to the meeting. If you are a corporation and are considering appointing a corporate representative to represent you and vote your shareholding in Carnival plc at the Annual General Meeting, you are strongly encouraged to pre-register your corporate representative to make registration on the day of the meeting more efficient. In order to pre-register, please email your Letter of Representation to Carnival plc s registrars, Equiniti Limited, at proxyvotes@equiniti.com. Please note that each shareholder or their duly appointed proxies and corporate representatives will be required to comply with the Meeting Admission Requirements and Security Measures in the Information about Attending the Annual Meetings section preceding the Carnival plc Notice of Annual General Meeting. Please note that shareholders planning to attend the live video broadcast in Southampton must submit a proxy in order to vote as they will not be treated as, or considered to be, in attendance at the Annual Meetings and therefore will not be able to vote in person from Southampton. VOTING BY PROXY A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of their rights to attend, speak and vote in his or her stead. A proxy need not be a shareholder of Carnival plc. A shareholder may appoint more than one proxy provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by that shareholder. To appoint more than one proxy, please follow the notes contained in the proxy form. A person who is nominated to enjoy information rights in accordance with Section 146 of the Companies Act, but who is not a shareholder, is not entitled to appoint a proxy. Shareholders planning to attend the live video broadcast in Southampton must submit a proxy in order to vote as they will not be able to vote in person from Southampton. If you are a person nominated to enjoy information rights in accordance with Section 146 of the Companies Act you may have a right under an agreement between you and the member by whom you were nominated to be appointed, or to have someone else appointed, as a proxy for the meeting. If you have no such right, or you have such a right but do not wish to exercise it, you may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the member as to the exercise of voting rights. To be effective, a duly completed proxy form and the authority (if any) under which it is signed, or a notarially certified copy of such authority, must be deposited (whether delivered personally or by post) at the offices of Carnival plc s registrars as soon as possible and in any event by no later than 2:00 p.m. (BST) on April 15, 2026. x | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Carnival plc Shareholders Equiniti Limited Aspect House Spencer Road Lancing BN99 6DA United Kingdom Alternatively, a proxy vote may be submitted via the Internet in accordance with the instructions set out on the proxy form. In the case of joint registered holders, the signature of one holder on a proxy card will be accepted and the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders. For this purpose, seniority shall be determined by the order in which names stand on the register of shareholders of Carnival plc in respect of the relevant joint holding. If you are a member of CREST, you may register the appointment of a proxy by using the CREST electronic proxy appointment service. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid, the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction ) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear s specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions, as described in the CREST Manual, which can be viewed at www.euroclear.com . The message, regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must, in order to be valid, be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer s agent (ID RA19) by the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified in the Notice of Annual General Meeting. For this purpose, the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer s agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time, any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. CREST members and, where applicable, their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or, if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s), to procure that his or her CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection, CREST members and, where applicable, their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred, in particular, to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. Carnival plc may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. If you are an institutional investor, you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform, a process which has been agreed by Carnival plc and approved by the registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity, please go to www.proxymity.io . Your proxy must be lodged by 2:00 p.m. (BST) on April 15, 2026 in order to be considered valid. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity s associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. VOTING ELECTRONICALLY Shareholders are entitled to vote online at www.shareview.co.uk. First, please log in to your Shareview Portfolio. Once you have logged in, simply click View on the My Investments page and then click on the link to vote and follow the on-screen instructions If you have not yet registered for a Shareview Portfolio, please go to www.shareview.co.uk and enter the requested information. Shareholders voting electronically should vote as soon as possible, and in any event by no later than 2:00 p.m. (BST) on April 15, 2026. of any person to attend or vote at the meeting. CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | xi TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Carnival plc Shareholders SHAREHOLDERS WHO ARE ENTITLED TO ATTEND OR VOTE Carnival plc, pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, specifies that only those shareholders registered in the register of members of Carnival plc at 6:30 p.m. (BST) on April 15, 2026 shall be entitled to attend or vote at the meeting in respect of the number of shares registered in their name at that time. Changes to the entries on the register of members after 6:30 p.m. (BST) on April 15, 2026 shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the meeting. Asking Questions at the Meeting Any shareholder attending the meeting has the right to ask questions. Carnival plc must cause to be answered any such question relating to the business being dealt with at the meeting, but no such answer need be given if: to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation for the meeting or involve the disclosure of confidential information; the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question; or it is undesirable in the interests of Carnival plc or the good order of the meeting that the question be answered. Shareholders attending the live video broadcast in Southampton will be able to submit questions live to the Directors present at the Annual Meetings in Florida, but will not be treated as, or considered to be, in attendance at the Annual General Meeting. Documents Available for Inspection Copies of all letters of appointment between each Director and Carnival plc will be available for inspection during normal business hours on any weekday (public holidays excluded) at the registered office of Carnival plc from the date of this notice until and including the date of the meeting and at the place of the meeting for at least 15 minutes prior to and during the meeting. Rights Under Sections 338 and 338A Under Sections 338 and 338A of the Companies Act, shareholders meeting the threshold requirements in those Sections have the right to require Carnival plc: (i) to give, to shareholders of Carnival plc entitled to receive notice of the meeting, notice of a resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the meeting and/or (ii) to include in the business to be dealt with at the meeting any matter (other than a proposed resolution) which may be properly included in the business unless (a) (in the case of a resolution only) it would, if passed, be ineffective, (b) it is defamatory of any person, or (c) it is frivolous or vexatious. Such a request may be in hard copy form or in electronic form, must identify the resolution of which notice is to be given or the matter to be included in the business, must be authorized by the person or persons making it, must be received by Carnival plc not later than March 6, 2026, being the date six clear weeks before the meeting, and (in the case of a matter to be included in the business only) must be accompanied by a statement setting out the grounds for the request. xii | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Carnival plc Shareholders Website Materials This Proxy Statement and other information required by Section 311A of the Companies Act have been posted on our websites at www.carnivalcorp.com and www.carnivalplc.com . You may not use any electronic address (within the meaning of Section 333 of the Companies Act) provided in this Proxy Statement (or in any related documents including the proxy form) to communicate with Carnival plc for any purposes other than those expressly stated. Under Section 527 of the Companies Act, shareholders meeting the threshold requirements set out in that Section have the right to require Carnival plc to publish on a website a statement setting out any matter relating to: the audit of Carnival plc s accounts (including the auditor s report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the Annual General Meeting; or any circumstance connected with an auditor of Carnival plc ceasing to hold office since the previous meeting at which annual accounts and reports were laid in accordance with Section 437 of the Companies Act. Carnival plc may not require the shareholders requesting any such website publication to pay its expenses in complying with Sections 527 or 528 of the Companies Act. Where Carnival plc is required to place a statement on a website under Section 527 of the Companies Act, it must forward the statement to Carnival plc s auditor not later than the time when it makes the statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the Annual General Meeting includes any statement that Carnival plc has been required under Section 527 of the Companies Act to publish on a website. By Order of the Board of Directors, DOREEN S. FURNARI Company Secretary January 27, 2026 REGISTERED OFFICE Carnival House | 100 Harbour Parade | Southampton SO15 1ST | United Kingdom CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | xiii TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider. You should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. 2025 Business Highlights CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Highlights Corporate Governance Highlights Corporate Governance Best Practices 9 of our 11 Directors are independent, including all members of the Audit, Compensation, Compliance, Health, Environmental, Safety and Security ( HESS ) and Nominating Governance ( N G ) Committees Presiding Director and Senior Independent Director, with defined responsibilities Backgrounds and qualifications of Directors represent a variety of skills, attributes, experiences and perspectives Balance of new and experienced Directors Majority voting for Directors in uncontested elections Stock ownership policy for Directors and executives Director overboarding policy (included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines) Annual Director evaluation and Committee assessment to ensure Board effectiveness, supplemented by third party independent evaluations as needed Regular shareholder engagement, including participation of independent Directors All Directors attended over 75% of fiscal 2025 meetings Regular executive sessions of independent Directors Robust risk oversight Board review of our financial performance, strategy and succession planning Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Commitment to corporate social responsibility and sustainability Comprehensive processes to support reporting of concerns, including anonymously via a dedicated hotline Coordinated internal audit, compliance and incident investigation functions with reporting lines to relevant Board Committees Our governance documents, including the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Committee Charters and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, are available at www.carnivalcorp.com/governance and www.carnivalplc.com/governance . 2 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Directors at a Glance Directors at a Glance As of November 30, 2025 Experiences, Competencies Skills Director Nominees with this Skill Experiences, Competencies Skills Director Nominees with this Skill Travel, Leisure Hospitality Corporate Governance Maritime Health, Safety and Environmental ( HSE ) Strategy, Operations Risk Management CEO / Senior Leadership Media, Marketing Retail International Perspective Technology Cybersecurity Finance Accounting Government, Legal Regulatory CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Directors at a Glance Name and Occupation Age Independent Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc Director Since Committee Memberships Micky Arison Chair of the Board of Directors, Carnival Corporation plc 76 Carnival Corporation: 1987 Carnival plc: 2003 Sir Jonathon Band Former First Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Staff, the British Navy 76 2010 HESS (Chair), Compliance, N G Jason Glen Cahilly Chief Executive Officer, Dragon Group LLC 55 2017 Audit, Compensation Nelda J. Connors Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Pine Grove Holdings, LLC 60 2024 HESS Helen Deeble Former Chief Executive Officer, P O Ferries Division Holdings Ltd 64 2016 Compensation, HESS Jeffrey J. Gearhart Former Executive Vice President, Global Governance and Corporate Secretary, Walmart, Inc. 61 2020 Compliance (Chair), Audit Katie Lahey Former Chair, Korn Ferry Australasia 75 2019 HESS, N G Stuart Subotnick President and Chief Executive Officer, Metromedia Company 84 Carnival Corporation: 1987 Carnival plc: 2003 N G (Chair), Audit, Compliance Laura Weil Founder and Managing Partner, Village Lane Advisory LLC 69 2007 Audit (Chair), Compensation, Compliance Josh Weinstein Chief Executive Officer, Carnival Corporation plc 51 2022 Randall Weisenburger Managing Member, Mile 26 Capital LLC 67 2009 Compensation (Chair), Compliance, HESS, N G Presiding Director and Senior Independent Director 4 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Executive Compensation Highlights Executive Compensation Highlights COMPENSATION POLICIES AND PRACTICES What We Do What We Don t Do Independent Compensation Committees that review and approve all compensation for our Named Executive Officers Independent compensation consultant Annual Say-on-Pay vote Stock ownership policy for Directors and Executive Officers Compensation Committees assess compensation practices to deter excessive risk-taking Pay-for-performance philosophy Mix of compensation which includes short-term cash and long-term equity-based compensation Performance-based shares include a relative total shareholder return ( TSR ) metric measuring performance against a travel and leisure index Robust clawback policy and other clawback provisions in annual bonus plan and equity grant agreements No guaranteed or unlimited incentive payouts in our annual bonus plan No evergreen provisions in our equity plan No short sales, short-term hedging or margin sales of our securities No stock option repricing No liberal share recycling of stock options or stock appreciation rights No pension plans or supplemental deferred compensation or retirement plans for our Named Executive Officers No single-trigger change in control equity vesting No Section 280G gross-up payments in the event of change of control PRINCIPAL COMPENSATION OBJECTIVES We believe that our executive compensation program should be appropriately tailored to balance short-term and long-term compensation opportunities to enable Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc to meet short-term objectives while continuing to produce value for their shareholders over the long-term and supporting a strong focus on retention. Our executive compensation program is designed to: Reward results and effective strategic leadership through the use of both short-term and long-term incentives, taking into account each executive s performance, experience and responsibilities. Align executive interests with those of our shareholders by making a substantial portion of compensation at risk and performance-based. Remain competitive in the marketplace in order to attract, motivate and retain our talent that we believe is necessary to achieve our financial and strategic goals. CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Shareholder Engagement TOTAL TARGET COMPENSATION MIX (1) (1) At-risk compensation includes the Annual Incentive Bonus that is subject to performance criteria and the Long-Term Equity Incentives, some of which are subject to performance criteria and all of which are subject to change in value based on share price movements during the vesting period. Shareholder Engagement Carnival Corporation plc has a long-standing shareholder outreach program, and we believe constructive dialogue with our shareholders is a fundamental pillar of effective corporate governance. We engage routinely throughout the year with our shareholders on a variety of topics relevant to the long-term success of our business. Our engagement program is primarily led by our investor relations team and our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), with support from other members of senior management. In certain situations, meetings might include our Chair of the Boards, Chairs of Board Committees or our Presiding Director and Senior Independent Director (who is also the Chair of our Compensation Committees). Non-Executive Directors participate in select engagements to share their perspective and receive feedback directly from our shareholders, as appropriate. We believe this multifaceted shareholder engagement process allows for shareholder feedback and concerns to be appropriately considered and addressed by management and the Boards. Throughout fiscal 2025, we engaged with a significant number of our shareholders. Our Chair of the Boards, CEO, Presiding Director and Senior Independent Director (who is also the Chair of our Compensation Committees) and certain other members of senior management participated in select meetings with shareholders during the year. Our dialogues covered several topics of significance to us and our shareholders, including: updates on our strategic, financial and operating priorities and recent performance; our executive compensation program and related disclosures for 2025; Board refreshment, Board composition and skills; and progress on our environmental, health, safety and sustainability initiatives, including our emission reduction strategy. We also engaged with our retail shareholders throughout the year. Retail shareholders as well as all other shareholders are given the opportunity to attend our Annual Meetings of Shareholders as well as ask questions and share their feedback with members of our Boards and management. In addition, our investor relations team routinely responds to questions and comments from retail shareholders and shares them with other departments and the Boards, as appropriate. All shareholders, including retail shareholders, may also communicate with the Boards or the Senior Independent Director by writing to the attention of the Company Secretary of Carnival Corporation plc at 3655 N.W. 87th Avenue, Miami, Florida 33178-2428, United States. The feedback we receive as part of our engagement efforts is shared with our senior management, full Boards and relevant Committees, as appropriate, who use it to inform decision-making regarding our practices, policies, and disclosures. For example, shareholder input informed our inclusion of a detailed skills matrix in our Proxy Statement. In the past, shareholder feedback was also an important input to our Compensation Committees decision-making processes regarding our executive compensation program. 6 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Corporate Social Responsibility Corporate Social Responsibility SUSTAINABILITY AND THE ENVIRONMENT Sustainability forms an important element of our business strategy. Our efforts to promote the safety and well-being of our guests and crew, protect the environment, create opportunities for our workforce, build strong relationships and support the communities we operate in and visit, reflect our core values and are key to our long-term success. In 2021, we established sustainability goals for 2030, building on the momentum of our successful achievement of our 2020 sustainability goals. During 2024, we conducted a comprehensive review of our 2030 sustainability goals to align with our ongoing progress. This review resulted in strategic refinements to our sustainability roadmap, including the revision of existing goals, establishment of new targets, and retirement of previously achieved goals. As part of the process, we also reorganized our sustainability focus areas into two overarching themes, People and Planet. Our People focus areas include Well-Being, Inclusion and Belonging and Sustainable Tourism. Our Planet focus areas include Climate Action, Circular Economy and Biodiversity and Conservation. In addition to our 2030 goals, we are pursuing our aspiration of net zero emissions by 2050. Achieving this goal will require energy sources and technologies that do not yet exist at scale. While fossil fuels are currently the only scalable and commercially viable option for our industry, we are closely monitoring technology developments and pioneering important sustainability initiatives in the cruise industry. Additionally, to provide a path to net zero emissions, alternative low greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission fuels will be necessary for the maritime industry; however, there are significant supply and cost challenges that must be resolved before viability is reached. Without clarity on low and zero carbon fuel availability, we are not currently able to make absolute emissions reduction commitments along a prescribed timeline. In our view, a commitment to achieve an absolute greenhouse gas emission reduction pathway without a clear understanding of how this will be achieved is not aligned with our approach to goal setting. While we continue to pursue our aspiration of net zero emissions from ship operations, our defined goals and targets are set based on feasible, achievable, and available pathways based on existing and emerging technologies, available fuel alternatives and proven infrastructure. To incentivize performance on our sustainability priorities, our executive compensation program in 2025 also included quantitative environmental and sustainability metrics in the Management Incentive Plan bonus and the performance-based equity grants. For further information on our sustainability efforts and progress, including our 2030 sustainability goals, please refer to our Sustainability Reports which are not incorporated in this document and can be viewed at www.carnivalcorp.com and www.carnivalplc.com. PROMOTING EMPLOYEE WELLNESS We continue to bring together many cultures, backgrounds, beliefs and points of view and treat every person with dignity, courtesy and respect. We are expanding our efforts to include global wellness standards for employees. We believe that valuing and supporting employee wellbeing, as well as fostering optimal health and wellness, are crucial to sustaining the success of our business. We strive to achieve greater performance and satisfaction through wellness standards focused on the financial, benefits, safety, psychological, social and physical needs of our employees. In addition, we believe a focus on wellness will lead to greater employee satisfaction, reduced turnover and identification as an employer of choice. CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Corporate Social Responsibility INVESTING IN OUR COMMUNITIES Sustainable tourism is one of our ongoing priorities. Every year we find new ways to foster shared value, mutual growth and goodwill with our destination partners. Please refer to our 2025 Sustainability Report (which is not incorporated in this document), available at www.carnivalcorp.com and www.carnivalplc.com, for our sustainable tourism updates and our efforts to address pressing needs in our communities. Through Carnival Foundation, which oversees many of our philanthropic endeavors, we are also dedicated to creating positive change through empowering youth, enhancing education and strengthening families in the communities where we live and work. Carnival Foundation and the brands of Carnival Corporation plc support a broad spectrum of organizations that positively impact thousands of youth and families each year through charitable giving, in-kind donations and volunteerism. Whether it is providing job training to the homeless, preserving and protecting the environment, furthering medical research or investing in our future through education and mentoring, the reach of Carnival Foundation is all-encompassing. Carnival Foundation s contributions are spread to communities where the brands operate, but focus on organizations in South Florida, where Carnival Corporation plc is headquartered. During times of crisis, Carnival Foundation works closely with national and international relief organizations, coordinating corporate and employee donations for emergencies, such as hurricanes in the U.S. and in the Caribbean. 8 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Governance Governance Philosophy We are committed to governance policies and practices so that shareholder and other stakeholder interests are represented in a thoughtful and independent manner. Sound principles of corporate governance are critical to obtaining and retaining the trust of investors. They are also vital in securing respect from other key stakeholders and interested parties, including our workforce, guests and suppliers, the communities in which we conduct business, government officials and the public-at-large. We believe that our governance framework contributes to the delivery of our corporate strategy in a number of ways. The Boards and our Board Committees support our senior management in the development, refinement and execution of our corporate strategy by providing independent oversight and valuable input based on their wealth of knowledge and experience in their areas of expertise. The Boards also oversee our risk review and assessment processes, while our Board Committees provide oversight over risks within their area of remit, all of which are incorporated into our strategic planning. LISTED ARRANGEMENT CONSIDERATIONS Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc operate under a dual listed company ( DLC ) arrangement with primary stock listings in the United States ( U.S. ) and the United Kingdom ( UK ). Accordingly, we implemented a single corporate governance framework consistent, to the extent possible, with the governance practices and requirements of both countries. While there are customs or practices that differ between the two countries, we believe our corporate governance framework effectively addresses the corporate governance requirements of both the U.S. and the UK. In December 2025, we announced that the Boards of Directors recommend unifying our DLC arrangement under a single company, Carnival Corporation, listed solely on the New York Stock Exchange, with Carnival plc as its wholly owned UK subsidiary. Under this plan, Carnival plc shareholders would receive Carnival Corporation shares on a one-for-one basis, and Carnival plc shares and American Depositary Receipts would be de-listed from both the London Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange, respectively. This would create a single global share price, streamline governance and reporting, reduce administrative costs and is expected to increase liquidity and weighting in major U.S. stock indexes, all of which we believe will strengthen our ability to deliver long-term shareholder value. Carnival Corporation also proposes shifting its legal incorporation from Panama to Bermuda under the name Carnival Corporation Ltd., a jurisdiction widely CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Nominations of Directors recognized and aligned with international financial standards. There will be no material changes to the company s business fundamentals, including strategy, underlying assets and operations or to the company s commitment to the vital UK market. The unification and legal incorporation in Bermuda are expected to preserve key shareholder voting and economic rights. These proposals will be subject to certain conditions, including the approval of shareholders and receipt of regulatory and UK court approvals. The company intends to hold meetings of shareholders in April 2026 to consider the proposals. Subject to shareholders approving the proposals and the remaining conditions being satisfied, the company intends to complete the unification and legal incorporation in Bermuda in the second quarter of 2026. For more information on the proposed unification and legal incorporation in Bermuda , including voting information, please refer to the combined registration statement/proxy statement on Form S-4 that will be made available to our shareholders on or about February 28, 2026. Our corporate governance principles are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of our Board Committees. The actions described in these documents, which the Boards have reviewed and approved, implement applicable requirements, including the New York Stock Exchange listing requirements and, to the extent practicable, the UK Corporate Governance Code published by the UK Financial Reporting Council in July 2018 (the UK Corporate Governance Code ), as well our own vision of good governance. We will continue to monitor governance developments in the U.S. and the UK to help maintain a vigorous and effective corporate governance framework of the highest international standards. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, copies of the charters of our Board Committees and our organizational documents are available under the Governance section of our website at www.carnivalcorp.com and www.carnivalplc.com . The Boards are elected by the shareholders to exercise business judgment to act in what they reasonably believe to be in the best interests of Carnival Corporation plc and its shareholders. The Boards select and oversee the members of senior management who are charged by the Boards with conducting the business of Carnival Corporation plc. Nominations of Directors NOMINATION PRINCIPLES AND PROCESS Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are two separate legal entities and, therefore, each has a separate Board of Directors, each of which in turn has its own Nominating Governance Committee. As the DLC arrangement requires that there be identical Boards of Directors, the Nominating Governance Committees make one set of determinations in relation to both companies. The Nominating Governance Committees, which are made up of independent Directors, actively seek individuals qualified to become Board members and recommend to the Boards the nominees to stand for election as Directors at the Annual Meetings of Shareholders or, if applicable, at a Special Meeting of Shareholders. All nominations and appointments to the Boards are based on merit and objective criteria. When nominating candidates for the Boards of Directors, including incumbent Directors eligible for re-nomination, regardless of the source of the nomination, the Nominating Governance Committees will consider, in accordance with their charter, all applicable laws and regulations and the Board Composition Policy, such factors as they deem appropriate, including, but not limited to: the candidate s judgment; the candidate s skills, attributes, viewpoints, experiences and perspectives; contributions to the Boards of Directors (with respect to incumbent Directors); 10 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Board Evaluation Process the candidate s experience with business and other organizations of comparable size; the interplay of the candidate s experience with the experience of other members of the Boards; and the extent to which the candidate would be a desirable addition to the Boards and any Committees of the Boards. TIME COMMITMENTS AND OVERBOARDING All candidates for nomination or re-nomination, including incumbent Directors, have to disclose their other significant commitments and provide confirmation to the Nominating Governance Committees that they have sufficient time available to fulfill the obligations of the office. The Nominating Governance Committees provide such disclosure and confirmation to the Boards for their consideration prior to the nomination or re-nomination of a candidate. All candidates for nomination or re-nomination must also comply with our overboarding policy which is included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The overboarding policy limits Directors to a maximum of four public company boards (including Carnival Corporation plc, treated as one board), with executive officers and non-executive chairs of public companies limited to a maximum of two and three public company boards, respectively. Members of our Audit Committees may not serve on audit committees of more than three public companies. The Chair of our Boards and executive officers who serve on our Boards are also not permitted to serve as chairs of the board of any other public company. The Boards may, upon recommendation of the Nominating Governance Committees, approve a departure from these board and committee service limits if doing so would be in the best interests of Carnival Corporation plc and our shareholders, after considering the nature and extent of the various appointments, the companies concerned, and any exceptional circumstances. The overboarding policy is reviewed at least annually as part of the Boards review of the Corporate Governance Guidelines. All Directors currently serving are compliant with the overboarding policy. Board Evaluation Process The Boards maintain a comprehensive annual evaluation process that guides our Director nomination and refreshment process. As needed, the rigorous evaluation process may be supported by an external third-party governance expert. CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Board Refreshment The N G Committees and the Boards conduct annual performance evaluations of the Boards, the Boards Committees and the members of our Boards of Directors. As part of this process in 2025, each Director was required to complete a questionnaire about the performance of the Boards and their Committees. All questionnaires were reviewed and assessed by the N G Committees. In addition, the N G Committees reviewed the individual performance of each member of the Boards of Directors focusing on his or her contribution to Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc and also discussed and reviewed with Non-Executive Directors any significant time commitments they have with other companies or organizations. The N G Committees reported the results of their review to the Boards. The Boards determined that each nominee was an effective and committed member of the Boards and the Board Committees on which each serves. During fiscal 2025, all Committees of the Boards also reviewed their own performance against their respective charters by completing questionnaires that were provided to the Chair of the N G Committees. The results of such reviews were discussed among the members and reported to the Boards. The Boards concluded that the Committees continued to function effectively and continued to meet the requirements of their respective charters. Following the completion of the annual evaluations, the Boards and Committees review the strengths and areas of improvement that were identified as well as identify follow up actions. Based on the feedback received as part of the 2025 evaluations, the Boards instituted additional briefing sessions with the CEO in between regular meetings. Board Refreshment We have added five new Directors to our Boards since 2019, with four of them currently serving. The N G Committees use their best efforts to ensure that the composition of the Boards adheres to the independence requirements applicable to companies listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange. The N G Committees and the Boards utilize the same criteria for evaluating candidates regardless of the source of the referral. Other than the foregoing, there are no stated minimum criteria for Director nominees. The N G Committees identify nominees by first evaluating the current members of the Boards willing to continue in service. As part of Director succession planning, current members of the Boards with skills and experience that are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue in service are considered for re-nomination, balancing the value of continuity of service by existing members of the Boards with that of obtaining a new perspective. If any member of the Boards does not wish to continue in service or if the N G Committees or the Boards decide not to re-nominate a member for re-election, the N G Committees identify the desired skills and experience of a new nominee in light of the criteria above. Current members of the N G Committees and the Boards are polled for suggestions as to individuals meeting the criteria of the N G Committees. The N G Committees may consider candidates proposed by management but are not required to do so. The N G Committees generally use third-party search firms to identify and attract potential nominees. 12 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Board Orientation and Education Board Orientation and Education As part of our new Director orientation program, new Directors meet with the Company Secretary, senior management and Board leadership, as appropriate, and are also provided with a variety of orientation materials to familiarize them with Carnival Corporation plc s business, strategy, structure of the Boards and the committees, as their duties and responsibilities under U.S. and UK laws and regulations, and other relevant topics. All existing Directors are encouraged to continue to develop their skills and knowledge. We provide a number of different presentations and educational programs for Directors by senior management and outside experts on topics such as industry trends, corporate governance and sustainability developments, cybersecurity, and other topics related to areas of Board oversight. Directors are also encouraged to attend additional continuing educational programs. They also receive materials and updates from management on a regular basis regarding new developments, changes or trends. 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards The DLC arrangement requires the Boards of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc to be identical. Shareholders are required to approve the election or re-election of Directors to each Board. There are 11 nominees for re-election to each Board of Directors. Each nominee currently serves as a Director of both companies, and each nominee is standing for re-election having been most recently elected at the 2025 Annual Meetings of Shareholders. All Board nominees are to be re-elected to serve until the next Annual Meetings of Shareholders or until their successors are elected. All of the nominees have indicated that they will be willing and able to serve as Directors. With respect to each Board nominee set forth below, the information presented includes such person s age, the year in which such person first became a Director, any other position held with Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc, such person s principal occupations during at least the past five years, any directorships held by such nominee in public or certain other companies over the past five years, the nominee s qualifications, including particular areas of expertise, to serve as a Director and the reasons why their contributions are, and continue to be, important to our long-term sustainable success. Accordingly, the Boards of Directors unanimously recommend a vote FOR the re-election of each of the Director nominees. CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards DIRECTOR SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS The N G Committees endeavor to ensure that our Boards are composed of Directors who collectively bring a wide variety of business backgrounds, experiences, skills and perspectives that provide relevant strategic and operating insight and contribute to the Boards ability to effectively oversee the execution of our business strategy. The following table describes certain experiences, qualifications and skills that the Boards have identified as important to carrying out our business strategy and allowing the Boards to effectively fulfill their responsibilities. It is not intended to be an exhaustive list of each nominee s contributions to the Boards. The attribution of skills to Director nominees reflects careful consideration of each nominee s professional history and experience in the context of relevance to the Boards defined set of priority skills and qualifications. Experiences, Competencies Skills Director Qualifications for Possessing the Skill Director Nominees with this Skill Travel, Leisure Hospitality Experience in relevant industries such as travel, tourism, leisure and hospitality provides a deep understanding of our business strategy, operations and key markets Maritime Health, Safety and Environmental ( HSE ) Experience in the maritime industry and relevant health, safety and environment matters, provides a critical understanding of our strategic, operating, health and safety, and environmental sustainability priorities CEO / Senior Leadership Experience serving as a public company CEO or in another senior leadership role can hone skills in core management areas such as strategic planning, financial reporting, compliance, risk management and leadership development providing valuable practical understanding of complex organizations International Perspective Leadership experience in organizations that operate across varying political systems, economic conditions, and cultures provides valuable perspectives for oversight of the risks and opportunities within Carnival s extensive international business operations Finance Accounting Expertise in finance, capital markets and financial reporting processes enables our Directors to effectively oversee our operating and strategic performance and capital allocation approach, and promote accurate financial reporting and robust controls Corporate Governance Public company board experience provides insight into new and alternative practices which informs our commitment to excellence in corporate governance and helps ensure that the Boards are functioning as an effective and cohesive oversight body with independent perspectives Strategy, Operations Risk Management Experience identifying, managing and mitigating key strategic and operational risks such as competition, regulatory compliance, brand integrity, cybersecurity, human capital and sustainability promotes effective oversight of our material risks and opportunities and contributes to effective oversight of strategy in a variety of operating environments 14 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards Experiences, Competencies Skills Director Qualifications for Possessing the Skill Director Nominees with this Skill Media, Marketing Retail Experience developing and overseeing media, marketing and retail strategies provides the Boards with valuable insight into how to most impactfully reach consumers and other stakeholders Technology Cybersecurity Experience with information technology and cybersecurity matters is increasingly important to mitigate the risks our business faces, promote innovation and maintain a competitive edge in a rapidly evolving technological age Government, Legal Regulatory Experience in government or legal services allows the Boards to develop their long-term strategies by incorporating current and potential changes in public policy and regulation relevant to our business and operations Experiences, Qualifications Skills Arison Weinstein Band Cahilly Connors Deeble Gearhart Lahey Subotnick Weil Weisenburger Travel, Leisure Hospitality Maritime HSE CEO / Senior Leadership International Perspective Finance Accounting Corporate Governance Strategy, Operations Risk Management Media, Marketing Retail Technology Cybersecurity Government, Legal Regulatory CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards MICKY ARISON AGE 76 Carnival Corporation Director since 1987 Chair of the Board of Carnival Corporation since 1990 Carnival plc Director since 2003 Chair of the Board of Carnival plc since 2003 COMMITTEES None KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Developed a comprehensive understanding of all aspects of our global business strategy, operations, key markets, regulatory landscape, and the maritime and travel and leisure industries through decades of executive and Board experience, including as our former Chief Executive Officer Significant leadership experience has given Mr. Arison unique insight into important functions such as our financing, shipbuilding, risk management, human capital management, marketing strategies, and health, safety and environment that are important to enabling successful execution of our strategic priorities and ongoing operations Played a critical role in the development and evolution of our corporate governance practices to support the most effective oversight of our strategy through tenure as Chair of our Boards CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Carnival Corporation plc Chair of the Board of Directors, Carnival Corporation (1990 to present) Chair of the Board of Directors, Carnival plc (2003 to present) Chief Executive Officer, Carnival Corporation (formerly known as Carnival Cruise Lines) (1979 to 2013) Chief Executive Officer, Carnival plc (2003 to 2013) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS None SIR JONATHON BAND AGE 76 INDEPENDENT Carnival Corporation Director since 2010 INDEPENDENT Carnival plc Director since 2010 COMMITTEES Compliance HESS N G KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Gained substantial experience in maritime and security matters through 42 years of service with the British Navy, contributing to expansive understanding of our global operations, physical and technological security considerations, human capital matters, risk management and regulatory landscape. Direct experience in the maritime industry and in-depth knowledge of our operations position Sir Jonathon to effectively chair the HESS Committees and provide oversight of sustainability, health and safety risks and compliance with related legal and regulatory requirements Current and previous experience serving on boards of public companies with international operations provides Sir Jonathon with deep corporate governance experience in a global context CAREER HIGHLIGHTS The British Navy First Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Staff, the most senior officer position in the British Navy (2006 to 2009, when he retired) Admiral and Commander-in-Chief Fleet (2002 to 2006) Served as a naval officer in increasing positions of authority (1967 to 2002) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS None PRIOR COMPANY BOARDS Harland Wolff Group Holdings plc (2021 to 2024) Survitec Group (2015 to 2019) Lockheed Martin UK Limited (2010 to 2015) 16 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards JASON GLEN CAHILLY AGE 55 INDEPENDENT Carnival Corporation Director since 2017 INDEPENDENT Carnival plc Director since 2017 COMMITTEES Audit Compensation KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Brings over 25 years of experience in senior leadership and public and private company board roles, including as Chief Strategic and Financial Officer of the National Basketball Association (the NBA ) and as Goldman Sachs Global Co-Head of Media and Telecommunications Direct experience in global technology, media, communications, entertainment, sports, leisure, and finance sectors Deepens our Boards understanding and oversight of global strategy, financial and risk management, technology, legal, regulatory, human capital management and corporate governance matters CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Dragon Group LLC and its affiliates , a private firm that provides capital and business management consulting and advisory services worldwide Chief Executive Officer (2017 to present) The NBA , a North American professional basketball league Chief Strategic Financial Officer (2013 to 2017) Goldman Sachs Co. , a global investment banking, securities and investment management firm Partner; Global Co-Head of Media and Telecommunications; Head of Principal Investing for Technology, Media Telecommunications ( TMT ); Co-Head of TMT Americas Financing Group; and other roles of increasing responsibility (2000 to 2012) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Corsair Gaming, Inc. (2018 to present) PRIOR COMPANY BOARDS NBA China (2013 to 2017) CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards NELDA J. CONNORS AGE 60 INDEPENDENT Carnival Corporation Director since 2024 INDEPENDENT Carnival plc Director since 2024 COMMITTEES HESS KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Over 25 years of senior executive experience in diverse and heavily regulated industries provides Ms. Connors comprehensive understanding of strategy, risk management, regulatory matters, health and safety, and complex operations across different markets Strong financial acumen and financial reporting skills developed through leadership of an independent investment firm and public company executive roles contribute to our Boards oversight of financial matters Extensive experience overseeing corporate governance, strategy and risk, human capital management, and regulatory considerations in a public company context gained through service on public company boards, including in key committee leadership roles CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Pine Grove Holdings, LLC, a privately held investment company Chair and Chief Executive Officer (2011 to present) Atkore International Inc. (formerly the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International), a global manufacturer of electrical, safety and infrastructure solutions President and Chief Executive Officer (2008 to 2011) Eaton Corporation , a global electrical and automotive supplier Vice President (2002 to 2008) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS ConocoPhillips (2024 to present) Otis Worldwide Corporation (2022 to present) Zebra Technologies Corporation (2022 to present) PRIOR COMPANY BOARDS Baker Hughes Company (2020 to 2024) Boston Scientific Corporation (2009 to 2024) BorgWarner Inc. (2020 to 2022) Enersys (2017 to 2021) Delphi Technologies PLC (2017 to 2020) CNH Industrial N.V. (2020) Echo Global Logistics, Inc. (2013 to 2020) 18 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards HELEN DEEBLE AGE 64 INDEPENDENT Carnival Corporation Director since 2016 INDEPENDENT Carnival plc Director since 2016 COMMITTEES Compensation HESS KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Over 30 years of strategic, financial and operational leadership experience in the global maritime, logistics and travel industries provide Ms. Deeble with deep insight into our key markets, risk management, financing activities, and human capital management in a maritime environment Contributes to the Boards oversight of financial and accounting matters and regulatory compliance as a certified UK Chartered Accountant and former senior executive Service on public company and advisory boards provides Ms. Deeble with additional expertise in corporate governance, the maritime industry, sustainability, supply chain and regulatory matters CAREER HIGHLIGHTS P O Ferries Division Holdings Ltd. , a pan-European shipping and logistics business Chief Executive Officer (2006 to 2017) Chief Operating Officer (2004 to 2006) Chief Financial Officer (1998 to 2003) UK Chamber of Shipping , the UK shipping industry trade association Vice President; President (2011 to 2013) Awarded Commander of the Order of the British Empire for services to shipping (2013) Stena Line UK , a European passenger and freight operator Senior finance roles including Chief Financial Officer (1993 to 1998) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS None PRIOR COMPANY BOARDS OR ENGAGEMENTS CMO Group PLC (2021 to March 2025, when the CMO Group PLC delisted and registered as a private limited company) Member of the Supervisory Board, the UK Chamber of Shipping (2011 to 2023) Non-Executive Director, the Port of London Authority (2014 to 2020) Board member of Standard P I Club, an insurance mutual representing ship owners globally to manage insurance costs over the long term (2014 to 2018) Board member and member of the regulatory committee of Interferry, a trade organization for ferry operators globally CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards JEFFREY J. GEARHART AGE 61 INDEPENDENT Carnival Corporation Director since 2020 INDEPENDENT Carnival plc Director since 2020 COMMITTEES Audit Compliance KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Contributes deep understanding of global legal, regulatory and compliance matters gained from roles leading the governance and legal organizations at Walmart and as a national law firm partner, which also supports effective oversight of compliance with all laws, regulations and policies applicable to us Substantial experience managing financial, strategic, compliance and regulatory risks in a global organization contributes to our Boards understanding and oversight of key risks and their impact on our strategy Brings strong corporate governance expertise developed in the Corporate Secretary and senior leadership roles at Walmart and through service as a public company Board member CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Walmart, Inc. , a global retailer Executive Vice President, Global Governance and Corporate Secretary, responsible for oversight of Walmart Inc. s global legal, compliance, ethics and security and investigation functions, among others (2012 to 2018) Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (2010 to 2012) Executive Vice President, General Counsel (2009 to 2010) Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel (2007 to 2009) Vice President and General Counsel, Corporate Division (2003 to 2007) Kutak Rock LLP , a national law firm Partner, Corporate Securities and Mergers and Acquisitions (1998 to 2003) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Bank OZK (2018 to present) 20 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards KATIE LAHEY AGE 75 INDEPENDENT Carnival Corporation Director since 2019 INDEPENDENT Carnival plc Director since 2019 COMMITTEES HESS N G KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Extensive experience in the maritime, travel, tourism, leisure, and hospitality industries in corporate, industry association and government roles bolsters our Boards collective industry expertise and ability to navigate strategic opportunities and challenges Brings meaningful insights into human capital management, succession planning and global talent acquisition and development through experience leading a leadership and talent firm Developed a rich understanding of media and marketing, including the particular concerns of the tourism and transportation sectors, through her leadership of the Business Council of Australia and other roles, which supports the Boards oversight of our business and marketing strategies CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Korn Ferry Australasia , a leadership and talent firm Non-Executive Chair (2019) Executive Chair (2011 to 2019) The Tourism and Transport Forum Australia , a tourism and transportation industry group Chair (2015 to 2018) Carnival Australia , a division of Carnival plc Executive Chair (2006 to 2013) Business Council of Australia , an association of chief executives of leading companies Chief Executive (2001 to 2011) Additional roles as Chief Executive of the State Chamber of Commerce (1995 to 2001); Chief Executive of the Sydney City Council (1992 to 1995); and Chair Chief Executive Officer of the Victorian Tourism Commission (1989 to 1992) INDUSTRY RECOGNITION Member of the Order of Australia, for her significant services to business and commerce and the arts (2013) Awarded a Centenary Medal, for her contributions to Australian society in the area of business leadership (2003) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS None PRIOR PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS The Star Entertainment Group Limited (2012 to 2022) CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards STUART SUBOTNICK AGE 84 INDEPENDENT Carnival Corporation Director since 1987 INDEPENDENT Carnival plc Director since 2003 COMMITTEES Audit Compliance N G KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Deep industry insights gained from decades of executive leadership at a global media and marketing conglomerate comprising communications, hospitality and entertainment businesses contribute to our Boards oversight of our business and marketing strategies Expertise in financing, investing and corporate transactions strengthens our Boards ability to effectively oversee our financial, capital allocation and associated risks Experience establishing and growing multiple public and private companies in diverse U.S. and international markets also included significant experience in corporate governance, talent development and succession planning insights CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Metromedia Company , a privately held diversified Delaware general partnership President and Chief Executive Officer (2010 to present) General Partner and Executive Vice President (1986 to 2010) Helped establish, acquire, take public, and operate several companies with national and international presence including Metromedia International Group, Orion Pictures, AboveNet and Big City Radio OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS None PRIOR PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS AboveNet, Inc. (1997 to 2012) 22 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards LAURA WEIL AGE 69 INDEPENDENT Carnival Corporation Director since 2007 INDEPENDENT Carnival plc Director since 2007 COMMITTEES Audit Compensation Compliance KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Over 25 years of executive and operational experience with an emphasis on digital transformation and e-commerce strategies at multi-national businesses strengthens our Boards oversight of our business and go-to market strategies Gained valuable experience leading transformational technology initiatives in several prior roles, including management of cybersecurity matters, which bolsters our Boards ability to understand risks and opportunities related to technology and cybersecurity Developed financial acumen during her tenure as an investment banker and senior executive that helps our Boards effectively oversee financial reporting and controls CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Village Lane Advisory LLC , a privately held company which specializes in providing executive and strategic consulting services to retailers as well as private equity firms Founder and Managing Partner (2015 to present) New York Company, Inc. , a women s apparel and accessories retailer Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (2012 to 2014) Ashley Stewart LLC , a privately held women s apparel retailer Chief Executive Officer (2010 to 2011) Urban Brands, Inc. , a privately held apparel retailer Chief Executive Officer (2009 to 2010) AnnTaylor Stores Corporation , a women s apparel retailer Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President (2005 to 2006) American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. , a global apparel retailer Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President (1995 to 2005) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Global Fashion Group, S.A. (2019 to present) Pearl Holdings Acquisition Corp. (2021 to present) PRIOR PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Christopher Banks Corporation (2016 to 2019) CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards JOSH WEINSTEIN AGE 51 Carnival Corporation Director since 2022 Carnival plc Director since 2022 COMMITTEES None KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Deep understanding of our business, strategic priorities, material risks and the cruise industry from 20-year track record in critical and senior roles with us Direct experience managing major operational functions and leading one of our operating units enable Mr. Weinstein to effectively lead our day-to-day operations and inform our Boards of important developments Developed expertise in global operations, finance, marketing, legal, human capital management and developing business strategy through current and prior roles with us CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Carnival Corporation plc Chief Executive Officer (2022 to present) Chief Operations Officer (2020 to 2022) President, Carnival UK (2017 to 2020) Treasurer (2007 to 2017) Assistant General Counsel (2003 to 2007) Associate General Counsel (2002 to 2003) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (November 2025 to present) 24 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters 2026 Nominees for Re-Election to the Boards RANDALL WEISENBURGER AGE 67 INDEPENDENT Carnival Corporation Director since 2009 INDEPENDENT Carnival plc Director since 2009 Presiding Director and Senior Independent Director COMMITTEES Compensation Compliance HESS N G KEY EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS Brings substantial executive leadership and global operational skills and a relevant understanding of advertising and marketing to our Boards through his experience at Omnicom and as an executive of several Wasserstein Perella portfolio companies Financial and investing skills and expertise developed at Mile 26 Capital and Omnicom enhance our Boards ability to evaluate our operating and strategic performance and oversee financial matters Extensive experience with global regulatory and compliance matters, as well as compensation, talent development and succession planning, gained from leadership of Omnicom which operates numerous individual agencies around the world CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Mile 26 Capital LLC , a private investment firm Managing Member (2014 to present) Omnicom Group Inc. , a publicly-traded global media, marketing and communications company Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (1998 to 2014) Wasserstein Perella , a boutique investment bank Founding member; President and Chief Executive Officer of the firm s merchant banking subsidiary, Wasserstein Co. (1988 to 1998) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Corsair Gaming, Inc. (2020 to present) MP Materials Corp (2020 to present) Valero Energy Corporation (2011 to present) CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Board and Committee Governance Board and Committee Governance BOARD MEETINGS During the year ended November 30, 2025, the Board of Directors of each of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc held a total of 6 meetings. Each Carnival Corporation Director and each Carnival plc Director attended either telephonically or in person at least 75% of all Carnival Corporation plc Boards of Directors meetings and applicable Board Committee meetings held during the period that he or she served in fiscal 2025. Mr. Arison, our Chair, and Mr. Weinstein, our CEO, attended the 2025 Annual Meetings of Shareholders as representatives of the Boards of Directors. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE Our Boards of Directors are led by our executive Chair, Mr. Arison. The CEO position is currently separate from the Chair. The Boards maintain the flexibility to determine whether the roles of Chair and CEO should be combined or separated, based on what they believe is in the best interests of Carnival Corporation plc at a given point in time. We believe that the separation of the Chair and CEO positions is an appropriate corporate governance practice for us at this time, and that having Mr. Arison as our executive Chair enables Carnival Corporation plc and the Boards to continue to benefit from Mr. Arison s skills and expertise, including his extensive knowledge of our business. Our Non-Executive Directors, all of whom are independent, meet privately in executive session at least quarterly. The Presiding Director leads those meetings and also acts as the Senior Independent Director under the UK Corporate Governance Code. In addition, the Presiding Director serves as the principal liaison to the Non-Executive Directors, reviews and approves meeting agendas for the Boards and reviews meeting schedules. Our Non-Executive Directors, acting in executive session, elected Randall Weisenburger as the Presiding Director and Senior Independent Director. Mr. Weisenburger brought to those roles significant board leadership experience, including as the Chair of our Compensation Committees, familiarity with our Board processes and company structures as a seasoned member of several of our Board committees, and extensive skills and experience gained as a senior executive of a large multi-national corporation and a director (current and former) of other public and private companies. The structure of our Boards facilitates the continued strong communication and coordination between management and the Boards and enables the Boards to fulfill their risk oversight responsibilities, as further described below. 26 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Board and Committee Governance BOARD COMMITTEES The Boards delegate various responsibilities and authority to different Board Committees. The Board Committees regularly report on their activities and actions to the full Boards. The Board of Directors of each of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc has established standing Board Committees, which are each comprised of the same Directors for each company, as follows: Audit Health, Environmental, Safety and Security Compensation Nominating Governance Compliance Each Board Committee periodically reviews its charter in light of new developments in applicable regulations and may make additional recommendations to the Boards to reflect evolving best practices. Committee charters are available at: www.carnivalcorp.com/governance and www.carnivalplc.com/governance. Each Board Committee can engage outside experts, advisors and counsel to assist the Board Committee in its work. As of January 26, 2026, the Board Committee members are as follows: Carnival Corporation plc Board Committees Name Independent Audit Compensation Compliance HESS N G Micky Arison Sir Jonathon Band Jason Glen Cahilly Nelda J. Connors Helen Deeble Jeffrey J. Gearhart Katie Lahey Stuart Subotnick Laura Weil Josh Weinstein Randall Weisenburger Committee Chair Committee Member Executive Chair Presiding Director and Senior Independent Director Audit Committee financial expert CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Board and Committee Governance AUDIT COMMITTEES MEMBERS Laura Weil, Chair Jason Glen Cahilly Jeffrey J. Gearhart Stuart Subotnick QUALIFICATIONS The Board of Directors of Carnival Corporation has determined that each member of the Audit Committees is both independent and an audit committee financial expert, as defined by SEC rules. In addition, the Board of Directors of Carnival plc has determined that each member of the Audit Committees is independent and had recent and relevant financial experience for the purposes of the UK Corporate Governance Code. The Boards determined that each member of the Audit Committees has sufficient knowledge in reading and understanding our financial statements to serve on the Audit Committees. FY2025 MEETINGS: 7 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES The Audit Committees assist the Boards in their general oversight of: integrity of our financial statements; compliance with legal and regulatory requirements (in coordination with the HESS Committees and the Compliance Committees); performance of our internal audit functions, including process efficiencies and investigations into asset misappropriation, corruption and financial or non-financial manipulation; independent auditors qualifications, effectiveness, objectivity, independence and performance; and relevant elements of our risk management programs, including risk management related to financial, information technology, cybersecurity and non-HESS related operational risks, as well as monitoring changes to related legal and regulatory requirements. The Audit Committees are also responsible for the appointment, retention, compensation and oversight of the work of our independent auditor and our independent registered public accounting firm. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The responsibilities and activities of the Audit Committees are described in greater detail in Report of the Audit Committees and the Audit Committees charter. 28 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Board and Committee Governance COMPENSATION COMMITTEES MEMBERS Randall Weisenburger, Chair Jason Glen Cahilly Helen Deeble Laura Weil QUALIFICATIONS The Boards of Directors have determined that each member of the Compensation Committees is independent. FY2025 MEETINGS: 5 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES The Compensation Committees have authority for: determining and approving the compensation levels (covering all forms of compensation) of our Executive Officers, Executive Directors and Company Secretary, and reviewing the compensation levels of other members of senior management; making recommendations to the Boards with respect to incentive compensation and equity-based plans and overseeing the administration of our equity incentive plans, including our employee stock purchase plans; making recommendations to the Boards with respect to the compensation of the Non-Executive (non-employee) Directors, including equity-based compensation; overseeing and approving the Carnival plc Directors remuneration policies; and overseeing assessment of whether there are material risks associated with our employee compensation structure, policies and programs. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION For more information on the responsibilities and activities of the Compensation Committees, including the Committees processes for determining executive compensation, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation sections and the Compensation Committees charter. CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Board and Committee Governance COMPLIANCE COMMITTEES MEMBERS Jeffrey J. Gearhart, Chair Sir Jonathon Band Stuart Subotnick Laura Weil Randall Weisenburger QUALIFICATIONS The Boards of Directors have determined that each member of the Compliance Committees is independent. FY2025 MEETINGS: 4 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES The Compliance Committees assist the Boards with oversight of activities that are designed to promote (a) ethical conduct, (b) a high level of integrity, and (c) compliance with laws, regulations and policies applicable to us. The Compliance Committees also: provide functional oversight of our Global Ethics and Compliance Department ( Global E C ); oversee our risk management processes with respect to compliance with laws and regulations relating to general compliance and privacy, including Global E C s activities supporting a high level of ethics and integrity; review the results of any internal or external audits and investigations relating to significant business ethics and compliance matters; review results of compliance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, vendors compliance with the Business Partner Code of Conduct and Ethics, conflict of interest disclosures and mitigation plans to manage significant ethics-related risks; review and oversee policies and procedures for confidential submission, receipt, retention and treatment of complaints and concerns (other than those related to accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing matters); and promote accountability of senior management with respect to ethics and compliance matters. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION For more information on the responsibilities and activities of the Compliance Committees, see the Compliance Committees charter. 30 | CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Board and Committee Governance HESS COMMITTEES MEMBERS Sir Jonathon Band, Chair Nelda J. Connors Helen Deeble Katie Lahey Randall Weisenburger QUALIFICATIONS The Boards of Directors have determined that each member of the HESS Committees is independent. FY2025 MEETINGS: 4 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES The HESS Committees assist the Boards with supervising and monitoring health, environmental, safety, security and sustainability policies, programs, initiatives at sea and onshore, and compliance with health, environmental, safety, security and sustainability-related legal and regulatory requirements. The HESS Committees also: review and recommend health, environmental, safety, security and sustainability policies, procedures, practices and training, and oversee the Companies monitoring and enforcement of such policies, procedures and practices; review and recommend appropriate policies, procedures, practices and training relative to sustainability and sustainability reporting; oversee risk management related to significant health, environmental, safety, security and sustainability risks or exposures; and provide functional oversight of our Incident Analysis Group ( IAG ). FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION For more information on the responsibilities and activities of the HESS Committees, see the HESS Committees charter. CARNIVAL CORPORATION PLC 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Board Matters Board and Committee Governance N G COMMITTEES MEMBERS Stuart Subotnick, Chair Sir Jonathon Band Katie Lahey Randall Weisenburger QUALIFICATIONS The Boards of Directors have determined that each member of the Nominating Governance Committees is independent. FY2025 MEETINGS: 5 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES The N G Committees: assist the Boards by identifying individuals qualified to become Board members and recommend nominees for appointment and/or election to the Boards and their Committees; make recommendations to the Boards regarding the size, structure and composition of the Boards and their Committees; develop and recommend to the Boards a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines, and review and assess their effectiveness, including compliance with our overboarding policy; oversee the evaluation of the Boards, their Committees and individual Directors; maintain orientation programs for new Directors