=== AIZ_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Factors Affecting Results. PART I Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the terms Assurant, the Company, we, us and our refer to Assurant, Inc. s consolidated operations. Item 1. Business Assurant, Inc. was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 2004. We are a premier global protection company that partners with the world s leading brands to safeguard and service connected devices, homes and automobiles. We leverage data-driven technology solutions to provide exceptional customer experiences. We operate in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia Pacific through two operating segments: Global Lifestyle and Global Housing. Through our Global Lifestyle segment, we provide mobile device solutions, extended service contracts and related services for consumer electronics and appliances, and credit and other insurance products (referred to as Connected Living ); and vehicle protection services, commercial equipment protection and other related services (referred to as Global Automotive ). Through our Global Housing segment, we provide lender-placed homeowners, manufactured housing and flood insurance, as well as voluntary manufactured housing, condominium and homeowners insurance (referred to as Homeowners ); and renters insurance and other products (referred to as Renters and Other ). Our Competitive Strengths Our financial strength and capabilities across our businesses create competitive advantages that we believe allow us to support our clients, deliver a superior experience for their customers and drive sustainable profitable growth over the long term. Our financial strength and business model. We believe we have a strong balance sheet and operating cash flows. As of December 31, 2025, we had $36.29 billion in total assets and our debt to total capital was 27.3%. Our business model in our Global Lifestyle and Global Housing segments focuses on business-to-business-to-consumer (B2B2C) distribution, partnered with some of the world s leading brands. Our business model creates earnings and capital diversification, and generates significant operating cash flows, which provide us with the flexibility to make investments to strengthen our strategic capabilities and enhance our partnerships with our clients. Insights and capabilities enable innovation and solutions to meet evolving consumer needs. We have deep partnerships with and an understanding of our clients and the consumer markets they serve. We seek to leverage consumer insights, together with extensive capabilities, to identify and anticipate the needs of our clients and the consumers they serve. We leverage those insights to invest in emerging technologies and operations, including digital capabilities supported by artificial intelligence ( AI ), to introduce innovative products and services and continuously adapt those offerings to the changing needs of consumers. Investments and innovation enable services that complement our protection and specialty insurance products, creating customized solutions for clients and customers. Value chain and technology integration and customer experience. We own or manage multiple pieces of the value chain, which enables us to create products and service offerings based on client and consumer needs and provide a seamless customer experience. Offering end-to-end solutions allows us to provide additional value for consumers and adapt more quickly and efficiently to their needs. Visibility across the value chain and integrating our technology with clients helps us further improve the customer experience and our offerings. Our ability to introduce value-added services and capabilities across the value chain, integrate our technology and provide a superior customer experience allows us to strengthen our partnerships and our competitive position. Our Strategy for Profitable Growth As we focus on executing our strategy, we believe we are positioned for continued long-term profitable growth by: Growing our portfolio of market-leading businesses . Our businesses represent a group of leading, protection and service-oriented offerings focused on compelling growth opportunities in specialized markets. We intend to grow our businesses by strengthening our partnerships with major clients and prospects globally, through expanded offerings and attachment with clients and by winning new clients, and by entering into attractive adjacent markets (such as home warranty), while continuing to invest in talent, capabilities and technology to enable us to deliver a superior customer experience. Providing integrated offerings to deliver additional value for a superior customer experience . We provide customized solutions supported by integrated technology platforms to create a superior customer experience. As we continue to evolve our product and service capabilities and respond to client and consumer needs, we expect ongoing innovation of our integrated offerings, leveraging data-driven insights, technology, robotics and AI to deliver additional value for our clients and their customers. 3 Deploying our capital strategically. Our strong financial position provides us with flexibility to strategically deploy our capital. We generally deploy capital to support business growth by funding investments and through acquisitions, to pay dividends and to repurchase shares. We target new businesses and capabilities, organically and through acquisitions, that complement or accelerate our strategy, including in adjacent markets. Our approach to acquisitions and other growth opportunities reflects our strategic and disciplined approach to capital management. Investing in talent and technology. Our employees play a critical role in contributing to our success and supporting our business strategy. We believe in fostering an inclusive culture to drive sustainable profitable growth over the long term. We are focused on strategically attracting, developing, retaining and motivating our talent, as we prioritize programs and initiatives aimed at investing in their growth, skills and wellbeing. We continue to invest in technology, including digital, robotics and AI, and seek to integrate technology platforms with our clients, to create superior customer experiences. 2025 Highlights In 2025, we delivered another year of profitable growth and reinforced our solid foundation for the future by prioritizing disciplined investments in innovation across our diversified Global Lifestyle and Global Housing businesses. In Global Lifestyle, growth was driven by new client programs and the continued expansion of our partnerships and capabilities, supported by our investments. In Connected Living, we made progress in expanding and supporting partnerships across mobile, extended service contracts and financial services. In mobile, subscriber growth remained strong, supported by the expansion of device protection programs globally, and we deepened key carrier relationships, including by signing a new agreement with a large U.S. mobile carrier. We expanded our reverse logistics business in mobile through a multi-year reverse logistics agreement and a dedicated logistics facility. In retail extended service contracts, we continued to build momentum across appliances and consumer electronics, and we saw strong progress in financial services as we scaled our card benefits business. In Global Automotive, we continue to expand and protect our position through new and renewed partnerships across distribution channels, including large dealer groups. We are also accelerating progress in heavy equipment and our leased and financed business. In Global Housing, we continued to outperform through policy growth in lender-placed, supported by a hardened voluntary homeowners insurance market and our success renewing key clients and winning new partnerships. Across the businesses, we are investing in technology, including AI, to transform our operations, support our clients and improve the customer experience. In 2025, we made a series of strategic leadership appointments that leverage the strength of our executive bench and position us for continued long-term success. Effective September 2025, Michael Campbell, previously the President of our Global Housing segment, was appointed Chief Operating Officer and is responsible for leading efforts to enhance operational efficiency, accelerate our technology roadmap, and fully leverage our global scale and capabilities across all product lines. In addition, Ryan Lumsden, who had led the Renters and Other business for nearly six years, was appointed President of Global Housing, succeeding Mr. Campbell. Throughout the year, we have maintained a strong balance sheet, generating $925.1 million in dividends or returns of capital from our subsidiaries (net of infusions of liquid assets and excluding amounts used for acquisitions or received from dispositions) and returning $468.3 million to shareholders through share repurchases and common stock dividends. In August 2025, we issued $300.0 million of 5.55% senior notes due 2036 and used the net proceeds to redeem all of the $175.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 6.10% senior notes due 2026. Sustainability Priorities Assurant is a purpose-driven company that remains committed to integrating sustainability into our long-term strategy, with a focus on Connected Communities, Respected Resources and a Protected Planet. Connected Communities. As a purpose-driven company, we help our customers maximize opportunities in a way that contributes to a thriving society. We do this by focusing on creating an inclusive culture where employees have opportunities to learn and grow; supporting communities through investing our time, skills and resources where needed; and creating superior experiences for our customers. For additional information, refer to Human Capital Resources below. Respected Resources. We look for opportunities to embed circularity across our operations and to integrate programs and services into our suite of offerings that embrace circular practices to help our customers live connected lives. This mindset has led us to become an industry leader in the transition from a linear to a circular economy for mobile devices, including our approach to responsible recycling. Protected Planet. Across our enterprise, we integrate climate actions into our long-term strategy, global facilities, and product and service offerings, and work with our operations and partners to minimize negative environmental impacts. We view these sustainability priorities as directly tied to how we deliver for our employees, our clients, end-consumers and communities in support of Assurant s broader growth and innovation objectives. These priorities strengthen Assurant for the future, including how we attract, empower and reward an inclusive workforce to drive innovation, contribute to the 4 development and adoption of sustainable products, and reduce the environmental impact of Assurant s operations and supply chain. Our Board of Directors (the Board ), Management Committee and employees understand the importance of our sustainability initiatives in supporting the successful execution of our long-term growth strategy. For additional information about our sustainability efforts, and our most recent Sustainability Report, please refer to our website at https://www.assurant.com/sustainability . The information found on our website and in such report is not incorporated by reference into and does not constitute a part of this Report. Segments The composition of our reportable segments aligns with how we view and manage our business. For additional information on our segments, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. Global Lifestyle Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net earned premiums, fees and other income by product: Connected Living (1) $ 5,378.7 $ 4,807.9 $ 4,376.8 Global Automotive 4,203.8 4,159.4 4,184.6 Total $ 9,582.5 $ 8,967.3 $ 8,561.4 Segment Adjusted EBITDA $ 801.3 $ 773.4 $ 792.3 Segment equity (2) $ 5,163.2 $ 4,830.9 $ 4,822.0 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, 53.0%, 50.6%, and 44.8%, respectively, of net earned premiums, fees and other income was from mobile device solutions; 34.4%, 38.8%, and 44.7%, respectively, was from extended service contracts and related services for consumer electronics and appliances; and 12.6%, 10.6%, and 10.5%, respectively, was from financial services and other insurance products. (2) Segment equity does not include components of accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ), which is primarily comprised of net unrealized gains/ losses on securities, net of taxes. For additional information on total AOCI, see Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. Our Products and Services The key lines of business in Global Lifestyle are: Connected Living, which includes mobile device solutions (including extended service contracts, insurance policies and device lifecycle related services), extended service contracts and related services for consumer electronics and appliances, and financial services and other insurance products; and Global Automotive. Connected Living: Through partnerships with the mobile eco-system (including carriers, original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and cable multiple system operators ( MSOs )), retailers, and financial and other institutions, we underwrite and provide administrative support and related services for extended service contracts. These contracts provide consumers with coverage, such as on mobile devices and consumer electronics and appliances, protecting them from certain covered losses. We provide coverage for repairing or replacing these consumer goods in the event of loss, theft, accidental damage, mechanical breakdown or electronic malfunction after the manufacturer's warranty expires. Our strategy is to provide integrated service solutions to our clients that address all aspects of the insurance or extended service contract, including program design and marketing strategy, regulatory filings, risk management, data analytics, customer support and claims handling, supply chain services, service delivery and repair and logistics management, while ensuring exceptional customer experience measured through our net promoter scores. In our mobile business, we provide end-to-end mobile device lifecycle solutions from when the claim is filed through when the device is received and inspected, repaired or refurbished, to when it is ultimately disposed of through a sale to a third-party or used to support an insurance claim. In addition to extended protection for multiple devices, our mobile offerings include trade-in and upgrade programs, premium technical support, including device self-diagnostic tools, and device disposition. We also sell repaired or refurbished mobile and other electronic devices, as well as provide Certified Pre-Owned ( CPO ) devices, to our clients to fulfill their insurance and consumer needs. We provide in-store, same-day, same-unit device repairs to customers through our global network of approximately 1,150 repair and partner locations. These services support both our insurance and non-insurance customers and are powered by our AI-driven dynamic fulfillment platform. We have repair operations within our device care centers, including our Nashville Innovation and Device Care Center, which leverages automation, robotics and AI. We believe that we maintain a differentiated position in this marketplace through our combination of robust administrative capabilities, digital platforms enabling on-boarding, claims management and service delivery, supply chain management, technical support infrastructure, insurance underwriting capabilities, access to a large base of secondary market devices and a suite of adjacent value-added services such as trade-in and upgrade and asset value recovery. 5 Within Connected Living, our global financial services business maintains a suite of protection and assurance products that deliver a combination of features and benefits for varying customer segment needs. With major financial services clients, we provide value-added financial services in the U.S. and internationally, including inclusive credit card benefits, packaged bank account benefits and travel coverage, as well as credit insurance. Global Automotive: We underwrite and provide administrative services for vehicle service contracts ( VSCs ) and ancillary products providing coverage for vehicles, including automobiles, trucks, recreational vehicles, powersports, construction, forestry and agricultural equipment, as well as parts. For VSCs, we pay the cost of repairing a customer s vehicle in the event of mechanical breakdown. For ancillary products, including guaranteed asset protection products and other products relating to commercial and other leased and financed equipment, coverage varies, but, generally, we pay the cost of repairing, servicing or replacing parts or provide other financial compensation in the event of mechanical breakdown, accidental damage or theft. We provide integrated service offerings to our clients, including program design and marketing strategy, risk management, data analytics, customer support and claims handling, reinsurance facilitation, actuarial consulting, experiential and digital training and performance management. We work closely with our global partners to develop innovative offerings that reflect the evolution of the auto market, such as Assurant Vehicle Care which represents a majority of dealer services contracts providing a comprehensive suite of enhanced vehicle protection products and digital experience for consumers. We also provide risk management solutions tailored for commercial equipment lenders where our core products include insurance tracking, physical damage insurance and service contracts. Distribution and Clients Global Lifestyle operates globally, with approximately 80.7% of its revenue from North America (the U.S. and Canada), 7.7% from Latin America (Brazil, Argentina, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Chile, Colombia and Peru), 5.9% from Europe (the United Kingdom (the U.K. ), France, Italy, Spain, Germany and the Netherlands) and 5.7% from Asia Pacific (Japan, Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, India, Singapore and Hong Kong for the year ended December 31, 2025). Global Lifestyle focuses on establishing strong, long-term relationships with clients that are leaders in their markets, including leading distributors of our products and services. In Connected Living, we partner with the mobile eco-system (including carriers, retailers, OEMs and cable MSOs) and financial and other institutions to market our mobile device solutions, with some of the largest OEMs, consumer electronics retailers, appliance retailers (including e-commerce retailers) and cable operators to market our extended service contracts and related services, and with financial institutions, insurers and retailers to market our credit and other insurance products. In Global Automotive, we partner with auto dealers and agents, third-party administrators, manufacturers, equipment retailers and large banks and financing companies to market our vehicle protection, commercial equipment products and other related services. Many of our agreements in Global Lifestyle are exclusive and multi-year with terms generally between three and five years and allow us to integrate our administrative and technology systems with those of our clients. Global Lifestyle is dependent on a few clients, in particular those in the mobile eco-system including carriers and MSOs. A reduction in business with or the loss of one or more such clients could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. See Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues. Our Addressable Markets and Market Activity The mobile protection market is a large and growing global market with evolving wireless standards. The worldwide used and refurbished smartphone market is growing, driven by the cost, perceived lack of innovation and availability of new devices, and by sustainability-conscious customers. Consumer needs relating to mobile devices are continuing to expand in scope. We believe there are growth opportunities in bundled protection products, which support customers as they take full advantage of the features and functions of their mobile devices through their daily interaction. Expanded capabilities like repair and logistics, technical support for customers and enhanced customer experience through digital solutions and AI allow us to create product and service offerings that customers find compelling. Our business is subject to fluctuations in mobile device trade-in and upgrade volumes, including based on the release of new devices and carrier promotional programs, as well as changes in client needs and customer preferences. U.S. new vehicle sales have shown modest improvements since 2024, remaining stable despite tariff uncertainty, while affordability challenges continue to steer more buyers toward the used vehicle market. Inventory of used vehicles has recovered slightly from the shortages of 2021-2022, but remains below historical levels, with scarcity of low-mileage vehicles keeping prices elevated. In select international regions, new and used vehicle sales are expanding, broadening addressable markets. While interest rates and credit volatility are beginning to ease, inflation on parts and labor underscores the mixed macroeconomic environment. 6 Consumers are becoming increasingly connected across their mobile devices, vehicles and homes, which is creating a global market for smart home devices and related services. We believe this will create long-term opportunities for Assurant as consumers lifestyles will increasingly intertwine with their connected ecosystems. Due to our capabilities, including device protection, premium technology support, service delivery networks and financing, as well as technology components such as dynamic fulfillment, which integrates a dynamic mobile claims management process with risk and fraud mitigation, resulting in higher customer satisfaction, we are well positioned to support customers as the smart home market continues to grow. In our financial services business, our focus is on expanding our partnerships with leading financial institutions to offer travel, purchase protection, and other credit card benefits, including underwriting and claims processing, and packaged bank account offerings to their customers. Risk Management We earn premiums on our insurance and extended service contracts and fees for our other services. For a portion of our contracts, we share in the underwriting risk with our clients through reinsurance or profit-sharing agreements. We believe that these arrangements better align our clients interests with ours and help us to better manage risk exposure. For additional risks relating to our Global Lifestyle segment, please see Item 1A Risk Factors. Inventory In our mobile business, we carry inventory to meet the delivery requirements of certain clients. These devices are ultimately disposed of through sales to third parties or used to support an insurance claim. Our inventory includes devices and parts on consignment with our global network of approximately 1,150 repair and partner locations through which we provide in-store repairs. We also carry the parts and device inventory to support our repair operations based in our device care centers. Inventory levels may vary from period to period due to, among other things, differences between actual and forecasted demand, supply chain constraints, the addition of new devices and parts, and strategic purchases. Payment terms with clients also vary, which may result in less inventory financed by clients and more inventory financed with our own capital. We employ a range of strategies to manage our inventory, including monitoring inventory levels, optimizing purchase timing, coordinating with clients on demand planning and securing return rights for select programs and devices. However, the value of certain inventory could be adversely impacted by technological changes affecting the usefulness or desirability of the devices and parts, physical problems resulting from faulty design or manufacturing, increased competition, decreased consumer demand, including due to changes in customer preferences, changes in client promotions and seasonality, changes in client forecasts and demand, supply chain constraints and our ability to manage inventory, growing industry emphasis on cost containment and adverse foreign trade relationships. No assurance can be given that we will be adequately protected against declines in inventory value. See Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Our mobile business is subject to the risk of declines in the value and availability of mobile devices, and to regulatory compliance and other risks. Seasonality We experience seasonal fluctuations that impact demand in each of our lines of business. For example, seasonality for extended service contracts and VSCs aligns with the seasonality of the retail and automobile markets. In addition, our mobile results may fluctuate quarter to quarter due to the actual and anticipated timing and availability of the release of new devices and carrier promotional programs. Global Housing Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net earned premiums, fees and other income by product: Homeowners $ 2,192.4 $ 1,958.9 $ 1,663.4 Renters and Other 576.4 498.1 479.5 Total $ 2,768.8 $ 2,457.0 $ 2,142.9 Segment Adjusted EBITDA $ 858.7 $ 671.2 $ 574.2 Segment equity (1) $ 1,659.3 $ 1,597.8 $ 1,318.9 (1) Segment equity does not include components of AOCI, which is primarily comprised of net unrealized gains/ losses on securities, net of taxes. For additional information on total AOCI, see Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 7 Our Products and Services The key lines of business in Global Housing are Homeowners and Renters and Other, each as described below. Homeowners: We provide lender-placed homeowners, manufactured housing and flood insurance, as well as voluntary manufactured housing, condominium and homeowners insurance. Lender-placed homeowners insurance . Lender-placed homeowners insurance consists principally of fire and dwelling hazard insurance offered through our lender-placed program. The lender-placed program provides collateral protection to lenders, mortgage servicers and investors in mortgaged properties in the event that a homeowner does not maintain insurance on a mortgaged dwelling. Lender-placed homeowners insurance provides structural coverage, similar to that of a standard homeowners policy. The amount of coverage is often based on the last known insurance coverage under the prior policy for the property and provides replacement cost coverage on the property. It protects both the lender s interest and the borrower s interest and equity. We also provide real estate owned ( REO ) insurance, consisting of insurance on foreclosed properties managed by our clients. In the majority of cases, we use proprietary insurance-tracking administration systems linked with the administrative systems of our clients to monitor clients mortgage portfolios to verify the existence of insurance on each mortgaged property and identify those that are uninsured. If there is a potential lapse in insurance coverage, we begin a process of outreach and notification to the homeowner and the last known insurance carrier or agent through phone calls, written correspondence and in some cases, direct interfaces with insurance carriers, which generally takes up to 90 days to complete. If coverage cannot be verified at the end of this process, the mortgage servicer procures a lender-placed policy. The process of tracking voluntary coverage including determining whether voluntary coverage is in force, the policy limits in place, the perils insured and the deductibles, as well as obtaining other required insurance related information is part of our risk exposure management for our lender-placed insurance business. The exposure management process is needed in order to underwrite the risk we assume, to understand loss exposure and to communicate with appropriate parties, including the lender, insurance agent and homeowner. Our placement rates reflect the ratio of insurance policies placed to tracked loans. The homeowner always retains the option to obtain or renew the insurance in the voluntary insurance market. Lender-placed manufactured housing insurance. Lender-placed manufactured housing insurance consists principally of fire and dwelling hazard insurance for manufactured housing offered through our lender-placed program. Lender-placed manufactured housing insurance is issued after an insurance tracking and exposure management process similar to that described above. In most cases, tracking is performed using a proprietary insurance-tracking administration system. Lender-placed flood insurance . Lender-placed flood insurance consists of flood insurance offered through our lender-placed program. It provides collateral protection to lenders in mortgaged properties in the event a homeowner does not maintain required flood insurance. Lender-placed flood insurance is issued after an insurance tracking and exposure management process similar to that described above. Voluntary insurance. We offer voluntary manufactured housing, condominium and homeowners insurance in select states in the U.S. Our voluntary insurance products generally provide structural, contents and liability coverage. Renters and Other: We provide renters insurance and other products, as described below. Renters insurance. We provide integrated solutions across the resident lifecycle. We offer renters insurance for a wide variety of single and multi-family rental properties, providing content protection for renters personal belongings and liability protection for the property owners against renter-caused damage. We also offer an integrated billing and tracking platform for our clients and their customers, as well as receivables management, which helps our clients to maximize the collection of amounts owed by prior tenants. Other products. We are the second largest administrator for the U.S. government under the voluntary National Flood Insurance Program (the NFIP ), for which we earn fees for collecting premiums and processing claims. This business is 100% reinsured to the U.S. government. Distribution and Clients Global Housing establishes long-term relationships with leading mortgage lenders and servicers, manufactured housing lenders, property managers, and financial, insurance and other institutions. Lender-placed insurance products are distributed primarily through mortgage lenders, mortgage servicers and financial and other institutions. The majority of our lender-placed agreements are exclusive. Typically, these agreements have terms of three to five years and allow us to integrate our systems with those of our clients. Renters products are distributed primarily through property management companies and affinity marketing partners. We offer our voluntary insurance programs primarily through manufactured housing lenders and builders, 8 along with our affinity partners and independent specialty agents. Independent specialty agents also distribute flood products and other property products. Global Housing is dependent on a few clients, and a reduction in business with or the loss of any one or more such clients could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. See Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues. Our Addressable Markets and Market Activity In the lender-placed market, placement rates have increased in certain areas, due to reduced availability within the voluntary homeowners insurance market, including in California and Texas. We continue to monitor the state of the overall housing market and the potential impact of loan modifications, forbearances and foreclosure delays, including the impact to REO volumes. Should the housing market deteriorate for a prolonged period, we could experience a longer-term increase in our placement rates over time. In addition to the overall market, our lender-placed results are also impacted by inflation and the costs of paying claims, and the mix of loans we service. The U.S. renters insurance market is a growing market with new building development, high occupancy and favorable relocation trends. We acquired a new renters book in 2025 and believe there is opportunity to increase attachment rates with new and existing clients through our investments in digital platforms designed to deliver superior customer experience and our expanded offerings to provide end-to-end solutions. Risk Management We earn premiums on our insurance products and fees for our services. Our lender-placed insurance products are not underwritten on an individual policy basis. Contracts with our clients require us to issue these policies automatically when a borrower s insurance coverage is not maintained. These products are priced to factor in the additional risk from ensuring that all client properties have continuous insurance coverage. We monitor pricing adequacy based on a variety of factors and adjust pricing as required, subject to regulatory constraints, including through a built-in quarterly inflation guard feature. For additional risks relating to our Global Housing segment, please see Item 1A Risk Factors, , including Financial Risks We may be unable to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, which could reduce our profitability and Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management . Because several of our business lines (such as homeowners, manufactured housing and other property policies) are exposed to catastrophe risks, we purchase reinsurance coverage to reduce our financial exposure, protect capital, and mitigate earnings and cash flow volatility. Our reinsurance program generally incorporates a provision to allow for the reinstatement of coverage, which provides protection against the risk of multiple catastrophes in a single year. 2025 reinsurance premiums for the total program were $203.2 million pre-tax, as of December 31, 2025, compared to $188.9 million pre-tax for 2024. 2025 reinsurance premiums reflected our exposure changes, expected Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund ( FHCF ) program impacts and favorable underlying rates from improved reinsurance market conditions. 2024 reinsurance premiums reflected a premium benefit from changing the timing of program placement to a single placement date. The U.S. per-occurrence catastrophe coverage included a main reinsurance program providing $1.76 billion of coverage in excess of a $160.0 million retention for a first event. Layers 1 through 6 of the program allow for one automatic reinstatement. When combined with the FHCF, the U.S. program protects against gross Florida losses of up to approximately $1.98 billion, in excess of retention. We are also subject to non-catastrophe risk from isolated fire, water and wind damage, theft and vandalism, as well as general liability in renters and homeowners policies. Losses are impacted by increases in the cost of materials and labor required to settle claims. Please see Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses, including as a result of climate change and the current inflationary environment, could materially reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . Seasonality We experience seasonal fluctuation in several of our lines of business, which are exposed to the risk of catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses. Catastrophe events such as hurricanes typically occur in the second half of the year. We also experience some seasonal fluctuation in non-catastrophe weather-related claims that tend to occur in the first half of the year. Competition Our businesses focus on supporting, protecting and connecting major consumer purchases. Although we face global competition in each of our businesses, we believe that no single competitor competes against us in all of our business lines. 9 Across Global Lifestyle and Global Housing, we compete for business, clients, customers, agents and other distribution relationships with many insurance companies, warranty and protection companies, financial services companies, mobile device repair and logistics companies, technology and software companies and specialized competitors that focus on one market, product or service. To remain competitive in many of our businesses, we must anticipate and respond effectively to changes in customer preferences, new industry standards, evolving distribution models, disruptive technology developments and alternate business models. We must respond to the threat of disruption by traditional players, such as insurers, from new entrants, such as Insurtech companies, and from their use of technologies such as AI. Competition in each business is based on a number of factors, including scope of products and services offered, ability to tailor products and services to client and customer needs, product features and terms, pricing, technology offerings, diversity of distribution resources, brand recognition, costs, financial strength and ratings, resources, and quality of service, including speed of claims payment and the overall customer experience. The relative importance of these factors varies by product and market. For further information on the risks associated with competition, see Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations. Human Capital Resources A cornerstone of Assurant is the employees who bring our purpose, values and commitments to life each day for the millions of customers we serve worldwide. We believe in fostering a globally inclusive and performance-based culture to drive sustained profitable growth through innovation. We regularly evaluate our policies, practices and programs to ensure we continue to attract, develop and retain the best talent to support our strategy. This includes ongoing investments in competitive total rewards and wellbeing offerings, and providing programs for learning, development and engagement, while continuously enhancing the experience of our employees who are critical to our long-term success. As of December 31, 2025, Assurant had approximately 14,800 employees, representing more than 80 nationalities, with a presence in 21 markets globally. Our global workforce spans a wide range of roles and skills. While 72% of our employee base was located in North America, we continued to expand our presence in key international markets across Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific to support our increasingly global client portfolio. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 61% of our employees were frontline workers, predominantly in hourly roles such as customer care, claims administration, mobile repair and logistics; and approximately 38% were in managerial roles, predominantly salaried employees engaged in an array of business and support functions. 1 For full-year 2025, our global turnover rate was 11%, reflecting our blended workforce of frontline and managerial roles; turnover for managerial roles was 5%, and turnover for frontline employees was 14%, which is typically higher given the nature of the roles. Year-over-year, the turnover rate for frontline employees improved by 3 percentage points, while the turnover rate for managerial employees remained unchanged. 2 Overall, this is attributed to ongoing actions to identify and remediate talent risks and enhance the employee experience, as well as stabilization in key labor markets. The Board, through the Compensation and Talent Committee, oversees the significant human capital management programs of Assurant, which are led by Assurant s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief People Officer. Attracting, developing and retaining the best talent globally is key to our success in sustaining long-term profitable growth. In August 2025, we announced two strategic leadership appointments, drawing on the strength of our leadership bench, and in January 2026, we expanded our Management Committee to support accelerated business growth. These appointments further underscored our deep talent pool and robust succession bench. Our talent strategy is focused on empowering employees to learn, grow and thrive while equipping the business with the capabilities required for a future-ready workforce that can deliver on our long-term strategy. Central to this approach is recognizing and rewarding performance and supporting career development and growth. As part of our talent strategy, we have established Global Capability Centers, which are global talent hubs in key markets, to leverage our global scale and access best-in-class talent. These hubs advance our operating model, create additional capacity to support client growth, foster innovation, and enable our teams to focus on delivering exceptional customer experiences. We regularly engage with our employees to gather feedback through multiple forums and channels, including one-on-one discussions with managers, interactive town halls, employee surveys and our enterprise-wide listening program. The program is designed to expand opportunities for anonymous, real-time feedback between managers and employees. Key topics covered include culture, learning and development, compensation, benefits, wellbeing and recognition. Insights from these engagements inform targeted action plans to address opportunities and further enhance the employee experience in alignment with our overall human capital strategy. 1 Frontline and managerial employees do not include employees who do not have, or do not yet have, an assigned pay grade, such as interns and casual employees, and workers transferred from an acquired company. 2 Beginning in 2024, we revised the definition of employee turnover to include voluntary turnover only. We believe this revised approach to exclude any involuntary actions provides better insight into the program and strategies we can take as an organization to impact employee retention. 10 Results from our most recent listening program, which concluded in June 2025, reflected strong employee participation and demonstrated notable year-over-year improvements in employee engagement and employee satisfaction. Results across most engagement drivers were at or above relevant industry benchmarks. Overall, the survey indicated that employees feel engaged, aligned with the Company s priorities, and view our culture as a differentiator. Fostering a Globally Inclusive Culture Building an inclusive culture is more than the right thing to do - it s a business imperative - a key enabler of growth and innovation, rooted in our belief that more globally inclusive teams deliver stronger performance. We believe global teams and a globally inclusive culture drives better performance by improving our ability to respond to the changing global marketplace. We are committed to fostering a sense of belonging at Assurant. Our Chief People Officer has direct oversight and responsibility for our human capital management strategy. We strategically recruit talent with different skillsets, experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives necessary to deliver on our long-term strategies, including through strategic and educational partnerships that bring greater visibility and expertise. We are focused on inclusion through global programming, including five Employee Resource Groups, which are open to all employees globally and provide forums for employees to raise topics that are important to them. All Employee Resource Groups are chaired by members of our Management Committee or senior leaders to reinforce commitment and engagement at the highest levels of the company. In the marketplace, we support digital inclusion, STEM and thriving communities through the Assurant Foundation. Fair Pay Assurant is committed to fair pay. Our compensation practices and programs consider a variety of factors designed to set fair compensation levels. We take a holistic approach to evaluating and aligning roles with compensation levels based on job responsibilities, market competitiveness, geographical location, strategic importance of roles and other relevant factors. For the last several years, we have engaged in a multi-step process to ensure that we are compensating fairly for employees performing substantially similar job responsibilities and report this out to the Compensation and Talent Committee. Results from our last review completed in 2025, which examined total compensation for U.S., UK, Canada, Argentina and India-based employees, or roughly 91% of our workforce, confirmed that there is no evidence of systemic disparities for comparable job groupings with similar skill, scope and effort. We remain committed to remediate any significant pay disparities we may discover. We also continue to monitor and adjust market wages as necessary to ensure we provide competitive wages, consistent with our ongoing compensation strategy. We remain committed to investing in our people through competitive rewards and development opportunities. We continued to reward high performers and invest in merit increases, allocating more funding to front-line employees in recognition of the disproportionate impact of the current challenging economic environment. We have advanced our commitment to pay transparency, particularly in North America, by providing applicants and employees with base salary ranges for their role and grade. We expect to finalize compliance with the EU Pay Transparency Directive as required in mid-2026. Total Rewards and Wellbeing We are committed to the health and safety of our employees as we believe the success of our business is directly connected to their wellbeing. In addition to providing robust compensation and benefits programs and opportunities to invest in their financial future, we offer employees and their families access to a variety of health and wellness programs. Our Total Rewards programs, such as paid time off, family leave, family care resources and flexible work schedules help provide protection and security related to events that may require time away from work or that impact employee financial wellbeing. Our Global Employee Assistance Plan ( EAP ) provides additional support to help employees and their families access critical resources for their wellbeing, including financial, social, physical and mental health. In 2026, we enhanced our EAP to include additional sessions per issue at no additional cost to our employees. To further promote wellbeing, Assurant continued to expand the reach of its Personify Health global wellbeing platform allowing employees to personalize their unique wellbeing goals with access to tools and activities to stay engaged and accountable for building healthy habits. Assurant offers access to the Headspace App as a no-cost benefit for all global employees, which is an additional resource for managing stress and finding better balance. Our live company-wide signature events across the mental and financial wellbeing landscape have consistently attracted a large global audience. We regularly benchmark our Total Rewards offerings against companies of similar size and industries to ensure we remain competitive and solicit employee feedback on the evolving needs of our workforce. We conducted employee listening efforts to validate that recommended changes for 2026 met the needs of our global workforce, particularly around predictability and affordability of health care costs. We made several enhancements to benefits starting in 2026, including no cost increases for dental and vision care, a new weight management program and offering mobile pop-up clinics at select on site locations. We also enhanced marketing and communications efforts promoting the breadth and depth of benefits offered to meet the various needs of our employees. 11 Assurant has an AI-enabled HR virtual assistant to provide easy access to answers to routine questions employees raise with the goal of improving their experience as an employee. We continue to assess additional opportunities across Total Rewards and Wellbeing to help attract and retain top talent. Recognizing the benefit of flexible work arrangements for our business, customers and employees, we continued to enable a long-term shift to a hybrid work model to support our business and talent strategy. A majority of our employees work virtually on a full-time or part-time basis. While we will continue to encourage purposeful in-person engagement to support our culture, team development and product innovation, we believe our hybrid work model will remain a key competitive advantage to support the evolving needs of our customers and employees. Within this hybrid environment, we support over thirty Engagement Champion Teams globally that lead strategies and activities to promote and foster inclusion and engagement. We continued our ongoing real estate consolidation to support work-from-home arrangements given our increasingly hybrid workforce, while investing in key facilities (such as our Nashville Innovation and Device Care Center that opened in 2024) and markets to support the long-term strategy of the Company. Learning and Development Learning and development are essential to Assurant s success. We continually invest in our employees career growth by offering a broad range of development opportunities, including instructor-led, virtual and self-directed learning, mentoring and external development experiences. These offerings are delivered through Leading the Way , our enterprise learning portfolio designed to unlock the potential of our people in support of our vision and purpose. Leading the Way focuses on building critical skills, capabilities and careers to enhance employee engagement, strengthen performance and drive business results. Priority areas include developing leadership, technical and professional capabilities; expanding career mobility; and reinforcing a strong culture of ethics and compliance. In 2025, we continued to implement key initiatives to support upskilling, with an increased emphasis on accelerating adoption of digital and AI-enabled technologies and processes as we expand the use of AI as an enabler to enhance employee and customer experiences. This includes providing learning, training and change management support. Our learning and development programs and delivery methods continue to evolve to meet the needs of our business and hybrid workforce. We offer training across a wide range of topics, including mental health awareness and resilience, inclusive leadership, core managerial capabilities and essential power skills for all employees. All employees have access to industry-leading content and an AI coach to support development of professional, technical, and leadership skills. Technology employees are also provided with opportunities to participate in immersive technology labs and skills assessments as we build critical capabilities in this area. In 2025, we further enhanced our manager and senior leader programming to strengthen our bench of future-ready leaders. In addition, we implemented an enterprise-wide mentorship program to help support emerging talent. Additionally, Assurant supports employees pursuing undergraduate and graduate degrees, professional certifications and continuing education required by certain professional organizations. Succession Planning An important element of our talent strategy is succession planning and building leadership pipelines for our most critical roles across the organization. We assess the performance and potential of current incumbents, identify and assess potential successors, and create targeted development plans to strengthen the preparedness of our talent pipeline. Annually, we conduct a comprehensive talent review to discuss potential successors of our Management Committee and other key leadership roles, as well as a broader group of top talent as we look to ensure better visibility into our strengths and opportunities for prioritized roles. The Compensation and Talent Committee annually reviews the CEO succession plan and succession plans for senior executives, which include emergency successors for each role, and conducts a broader talent review with the goal of ensuring we have the right leadership in place to execute the Company s long-term strategic plans. For more information on our human capital resources, please refer to our most recent Sustainability Report available at https://www.assurant.com/sustainability and our most recent Proxy Statement available at ir.assurant.com . The information found on our website and in such reports is not incorporated by reference into and does not constitute a part of this Report. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of contractual rights and patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets to establish and protect our intellectual property. We regularly file patent and trademark applications to protect innovations arising from our research, development, design and marketing. We own a number of patents and pending applications relating to technical innovations. In addition, we have a trademark portfolio that we consider important in the marketing of our products and services, including the Assurant brand name. Over time, we have accumulated a sizeable portfolio of issued and registered intellectual property rights around the world, and we seek to protect it against infringement. No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting our 12 products and services. We have also entered into agreements that permit other companies to use certain of our patents and trademarks. We believe the duration of our intellectual property rights is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products and services. Patents are of varying duration depending on the filing date, and they will typically expire at the end of their natural term. Trademark registrations may be renewed indefinitely, subject to country-specific use and registration requirements. For risks relating to our intellectual property, see Item 1A Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks Our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions. Ratings Independent rating organizations periodically review the financial strength of insurers, including many of our insurance subsidiaries. Financial strength ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding the ability of an insurance company to meet its financial obligations to policyholders and contract holders. These ratings are not applicable to our common stock or debt securities. Ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. Rating agencies also use an outlook statement of positive, stable, negative or developing to indicate a medium- or long-term trend in credit fundamentals which, if continued, may lead to a rating change. A rating may have a stable outlook to indicate that the rating is not expected to change; however, a stable outlook does not preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time, without notice. Most of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries are rated by A.M. Best Company ( A.M. Best ). In addition, three of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries are rated by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. ( Moody s ) and S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global Inc. ( S P ). The ratings issued on our operating insurance subsidiaries by these agencies are announced publicly and are available from the agencies. For information on the risks associated with ratings downgrades, see Item 1A Risk Factors Financial Risks A decline in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The following table summarizes the financial strength ratings and outlooks of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries as of December 31, 2025: A.M. Best (1) Moody s (2) S P (3) Company American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida A+ A2 A American Bankers Life Assurance Company of Florida A A2 A American Security Insurance Company A+ A2 A Caribbean American Life Assurance Company A N/A N/A Caribbean American Property Insurance Company A+ N/A N/A Reliable Lloyds Insurance Company A+ N/A N/A Standard Guaranty Insurance Company A+ N/A N/A Virginia Surety Company, Inc. A+ N/A N/A Voyager Indemnity Insurance Company A+ N/A N/A (1) A.M. Best financial strength ratings range from A+ (superior) to D (poor). A second + or a - may be appended to ratings from categories A+ to C to indicate relative position within a category. Ratings of A+ fall under the superior category, which is the highest of A.M. Best s seven ratings categories, while ratings of A fall under the excellent category, which is the second highest of A.M. Best s seven ratings categories. A.M. Best has a stable outlook on all of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries financial strength ratings. (2) Moody s insurance financial strength ratings range from Aaa (highest quality) to C (lowest rated). A numeric modifier may be appended to ratings from Aa to Caa to indicate relative position within a category, with 1 being the highest and 3 being the lowest. A rating of A2 is considered upper-medium-grade and falls within the third highest of Moody s nine ratings categories. Moody's has a stable outlook on all of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries insurance financial strength ratings. (3) S P s insurer financial strength ratings range from AAA (extremely strong) to D (general default). A + or - may be appended to ratings from categories AA to CCC to indicate relative position within a category. Ratings of A (strong) are within the third highest of S P s nine ratings categories. S P has a stable outlook on all of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries insurer financial strength ratings. Regulation We are subject to extensive federal, state and international regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions in which we do business. The following is a summary of significant regulations that apply to our businesses, but it is not intended to be a comprehensive review of every regulation to which we are subject. For information on the risks associated with regulations 13 applicable to us, see Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks, Item 1A Risk Factors Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks and Item 1A Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks. Holding Company Insurance Regulations Under applicable insurance holding company regulations, no person may acquire a controlling interest in the Company or any of our insurance company subsidiaries, unless such person has obtained prior regulatory approval for such acquisition. Under these laws, control is presumed when any person acquires or holds, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of our common stock or of the voting securities of any of our insurance company subsidiaries. To obtain approval, the proposed acquiror must file an application with the relevant regulator. For more information on the risks associated with holding company insurance regulations, see Item 1A Risk Factors General Risk Factors Applicable laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage takeovers and business combinations that some stockholders might consider to be in their best interests. U.S. Insurance Regulation We are subject to the insurance holding company laws in the states and territories where our insurance companies are domiciled. These laws generally require insurance companies within the insurance holding company system to register with the insurance departments of their respective states and territories of domicile and furnish reports to such insurance departments. These laws also require that transactions between affiliated companies be fair and equitable. In addition, certain intercompany transactions, changes of control, certain dividend payments and certain transfers of assets between the companies within the holding company system are subject to prior notice to, or approval by, regulatory authorities in such states and territories. We are licensed to sell insurance through our insurance subsidiaries in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia. Like all U.S. insurance companies, our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions where they do business. In general, these regulations are designed to protect the interests of policyholders, and not necessarily the interests of shareholders and other investors. To that end, these laws grant regulators broad authority over licensing, capital and surplus, underwriting, product forms, premium rates, investment limits, solvency testing and market conduct examinations. Risk-Based Capital Requirements. In order to enhance the regulation of insurer solvency, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (the NAIC ) has established certain risk-based capital ( RBC ) standards. RBC, which regulators use to assess the sufficiency of an insurer s statutory capital, is calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, expense, liability and reserve items. Factors are higher for items that the NAIC views as having greater underlying risk. The NAIC periodically reviews the RBC formula and changes to the formula could occur in the future. Investment Regulation. Insurance company investments must comply with applicable laws and regulations that govern the kind, quality and concentration of investments made by insurance companies. These regulations require diversification of insurance company investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments in certain asset categories. Products and Coverage. Insurance regulators have broad authority to regulate many aspects of our products and services. Additionally, certain non-insurance products and services we offer, such as service contracts, may be regulated by regulatory bodies other than departments of insurance and may be subject to consumer protection laws. Pricing and Premium Rates. Nearly all states and territories have insurance laws requiring insurers to file price schedules and policy forms with the state s or territory s regulatory authority. In many cases, these price schedules and/or policy forms must be approved prior to use, and state and territory insurance departments have the power to disapprove increases or require decreases in the premium rates we charge. Market Conduct Regulation. Activities of insurers are highly regulated by state and territory insurance laws and regulations, that govern the form and content of disclosure to consumers, advertising, sales practices and complaint handling. State and territory regulatory authorities enforce compliance through periodic market conduct examinations. Guaranty Associations and Indemnity Funds. Most states and territories require insurance companies to support guaranty associations or indemnity funds, which are established to pay claims on behalf of insolvent insurance companies. These associations may levy assessments on member insurers. In some states and territories, member insurers can recover a portion of these assessments through premium tax offsets and/or policyholder surcharges. Insurance Regulatory Initiatives. The NAIC, state and territory regulators and professional organizations have considered and are considering various proposals that may alter or increase state and territory authority to regulate insurance companies and insurance holding companies. See Item 1A Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks Changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth for a discussion of the risks related to such initiatives. 14 Federal Regulation Although our business in the United States is primarily regulated by the states, federal initiatives often have an impact on our business in a variety of ways. Impacted areas include financial services regulation, privacy, tort reform legislation and taxation. In addition, various forms of direct and indirect federal regulation of insurance have been proposed from time to time, including proposals for the establishment of an optional federal charter for insurance companies. See Item 1A Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks Our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions. Employee Retirement Income Security Act. We are subject to regulation under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ( ERISA ). ERISA places certain requirements on how we may administer employee benefit plans covered by ERISA. Among other things, regulations under ERISA set standards for certain notice and disclosure requirements and for claim processing and appeals. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Certain of our activities are subject to the privacy requirements of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which, along with regulations adopted thereunder, generally requires insurers to provide customers with notice regarding how their nonpublic personal financial information is used and the opportunity to opt out of certain disclosures, if applicable. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act . Regulations under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ) address mortgage servicers obligations to correct errors asserted by mortgage loan borrowers; provide certain information requested by such borrowers; and provide protections to such borrowers in connection with lender-placed insurance. These requirements affect our operations because, in many instances, we administer such operations on behalf of our mortgage servicer clients. While the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ) does not have direct jurisdiction over insurance products, it is possible that additional regulations promulgated by the CFPB may extend its authority more broadly to cover these products and others we offer. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act created the Federal Insurance Office ( FIO ) within the U.S. Department of the Treasury ( U.S. Treasury ). While the FIO does not have general supervisory or regulatory authority over the business of insurance, the FIO director performs various functions with respect to insurance, including monitoring the insurance sector and representing the U.S. on prudential aspects of international insurance matters, including at the International Association of Insurance Supervisors ( IAIS ). Additional regulations or new requirements may emerge from the activities of these regulatory entities. Tax Reform. The Company is subject to the tax laws in the U.S. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions where we operate. For example, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD ) has issued Pillar Two Model Rules that include a 15% global minimum tax on the income of certain corporations, and recently issued administrative guidance and safe harbor rules around its implementation. Many jurisdictions where we operate, including Japan and the United Kingdom, have adopted Pillar Two for tax years beginning in 2024. In addition, in July 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the OBBBA ) was enacted, introducing a broad range of U.S. tax reform provisions. Additional regulation and guidance with respect to the implementation of certain OBBBA provisions are expected in 2026. For more information, see Item 1A Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks Changes in tax laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition . International Regulation We are subject to regulation and supervision of our international operations in various jurisdictions. These regulations, which vary depending on the jurisdiction, include anti-corruption laws; solvency and market conduct regulations; various privacy, insurance, tax, tariff and trade laws and regulations; and corporate, employment, intellectual property and investment laws and regulations. We operate in various jurisdictions, including Canada, the U.K., France, Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Chile, Peru, Colombia, Germany, India, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Spain, Italy, Mexico, Japan, South Korea, Hong Kong and Singapore, and, in several of these jurisdictions, our businesses are supervised by local regulatory authorities. In the past few years, the IAIS developed a model common framework for the supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups ( IAIGs ), which includes group-wide supervisory oversight across national boundaries and the establishment of ongoing supervisory colleges ( ComFrame ). ComFrame applies to entities that meet the IAIS s criteria for IAIGs and that are so designated by their group-wide supervisor. The NAIC previously adopted changes to the Model Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act to allow state insurance regulators in the U.S. to be designated as group-wide supervisors for U.S.-based IAIGs. While we do not currently meet the criteria for IAIG designation, we are monitoring developments of reforms adopted by the IAIS as they influence NAIC activities, including those related to risk and group capital oversight. Securities and Corporate Governance Regulation As a company with publicly-traded securities, we are subject to certain legal and regulatory requirements applicable generally to public companies, including the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) and the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ) relating to public reporting and disclosure, accounting and financial reporting, corporate governance and other matters. One of our subsidiaries is a broker-dealer that is registered with the SEC and 15 with state securities commissions, and it is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. Additionally, we and our subsidiaries are subject to the corporate governance laws of our respective jurisdictions of incorporation or formation. Consumer Protection Laws Numerous federal, state and international consumer protection laws affect the Company. For example, the CFPB may take the position that it has the authority to regulate certain non-insurance consumer services we provide. In addition, new or amended international regulations relating to fair value and fair treatment relating to products and services for consumers are being further considered or proposed, depending on the jurisdiction. Anti-Corruption Regulation We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign laws applicable to businesses generally, including anti-corruption laws. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ) regulates U.S. companies in their dealings with foreign officials and prohibits bribes and similar practices. In addition, the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act has wide applicability to certain activities that affect U.K. companies, their commercial activities in the U.K., and potentially that of their affiliates located outside of the U.K. Anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations continue to be implemented and/or enhanced across most of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Privacy, Data Protection, Cybersecurity and Artificial Intelligence We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security, and these requirements continue to evolve. Since the enactment of EU General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ), multiple countries where we conduct business have enacted or are in the process of implementing GDPR-influenced data protection laws. In the United States, we are subject to a variety of federal and state privacy and data security laws and regulations. At the state level, the NAIC Insurance Data Security Model Law has been enacted in multiple states, imposing an array of detailed security measures, reporting and attestation requirements on insurance companies. The accelerated rate of adoption poses challenges for businesses as implementation and compliance may necessitate modifications to businesses processes, technological infrastructure, security measures and customer-facing websites. Cybersecurity risks and incidents remain a focus for regulators. For example, in July 2023, the SEC adopted new rules for public companies requiring disclosure of material cybersecurity incidents and periodic disclosures regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance. Furthermore, the New York Department of Financial Services 2023 amendments to its cybersecurity rule continued to phase in through 2025, adding requirements for governance, risk assessments, multi-factor authentication and expanded notification duties. In addition, the EU Digital Operational Resilience Act became effective in January 2025, imposing enhanced information and communications technology risk management, resilience testing and incident-response obligations on financial services firms. We are also monitoring increased regulatory activity related to AI, including machine learning tools. For example, the NAIC has adopted a model bulletin to inform and articulate expectations for AI governance for insurers. As of the end of 2025, over 20 states have adopted the bulletin with additional adoption expected in 2026, and several states, including Colorado, New York and California, have adopted their own AI regulations or guidance specific for the insurance industry. Internationally, the European Union Artificial Intelligence Act entered into force in August 2024, with phased obligations beginning in 2025. In November 2025, the European Commission proposed a Digital Omnibus package that would extend or condition certain compliance deadlines, potentially pushing requirements set for 2026 into 2027 or later. Climate-Related Regulation We are subject to various federal, state, and international regulations regarding climate risk disclosure. For example, California has enacted climate-disclosure laws, and recent proposals to delay their compliance deadlines did not pass. As a result, in-scope companies are expected to begin reporting under these laws as early as 2026, subject to ongoing legal challenges. Other Regulation As we continue to grow and evolve our business mix to cover other non-insurance-based products and services, we have been and will continue to become subject to other legal and regulatory requirements. Examples include U.S. and local customs and trade regulations for the movement of mobile devices across geographic borders; health, safety, labor and environmental regulations, including those impacting our mobile supply chain operations; U.S. and international laws and regulations broadly relating to the performance, transparency and reporting of sustainability matters; and antitrust and competition-related laws and regulations that may impact future transactions or business practices. 16 Global Risk Management Governance We employ a risk governance structure, overseen by our Board and senior management and led by the Global Risk Management function, to provide a common framework for (i) evaluating the risks embedded in and across our businesses and functional areas, (ii) developing risk appetites, (iii) managing these risks, and (iv) identifying current and future risk challenges and opportunities. Global risk management is the responsibility of the Chief Risk Officer (the CRO ), who leads the Global Risk Management function, which reports to the Enterprise Risk Committee and to the Finance and Risk Committee of the Board. The CRO reports at least quarterly to the Finance and Risk Committee of the Board and reports at least annually to the Board. Our Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) Framework sets out our approach to risk governance, risk appetite, roles and responsibilities, and core risk processes. It is reviewed annually to align with the Company s business operations and strategy, as well as changes to applicable laws, regulations and industry standards, and it is approved annually by the Board. Our risk management framework cascades into the enterprise through various management-level risk committees. Our risk governance structure is headed by the Enterprise Risk Committee, comprised of the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer, other members of the Management Committee, as well as the CRO, the Treasurer, the Chief Internal Auditor, and the Global Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer. The Enterprise Risk Committee reviews the Company s key enterprise risks, sets and monitors risk appetite, and oversees mitigation and remediation plans. Board of Directors and Committee Oversight The Board, directly and through its committees as described in their charters, oversees our risk management framework and practices, including our risk appetite, and discusses risk-related issues at least quarterly. The Board reviews and approves our ERM Framework and risk appetite annually. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee coordinates Board and committee oversight of the key enterprise risks. The Board and its committees receive updates from management on specific risks throughout the year, and each committee chair reports significant risk updates at least quarterly to the full Board so that the Board has the benefit of each committee s specific areas of risk oversight. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee focuses on risks relating to director succession and has ultimate oversight responsibility for how we manage sustainability. The Audit Committee reviews our policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management and coordinates with the Finance and Risk Committee with respect to Board oversight of risk management and Global Risk Management activities. The Audit Committee also focuses on risks relating to financial statements, internal control over financial reporting, disclosures, and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The Audit Committee receives reports at least quarterly from the Chief Internal Auditor and the Global Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer. The Finance and Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for the Global Risk Management function and corresponding risk activities. It receives risk management reports at least quarterly from the CRO that include the identification, assessment, reporting, and mitigation of existing and emerging key enterprise risks. The Finance and Risk Committee also focuses on risks relating to investments, capital management, catastrophes and reinsurance. The Compensation and Talent Committee focuses on risks relating to management succession, talent management and compensation plan design. The Information Technology Committee is responsible for oversight of information technology risk assessment and risk management. This includes oversight of cybersecurity policies, controls, training, technology and procedures, such as procedures to identify and assess internal and external cybersecurity risks. The Information Technology Committee also reviews and assesses the impact of AI on operations, risk management and control processes. The Information Technology Committee receives updates from management, including the Chief Information Security Officer, on internal and external cybersecurity risks at least quarterly. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Board and each committee have the authority to retain external advisors. We believe that the Board s leadership structure supports the risk oversight function of the Board and its committees, with the Board s five committees providing oversight of our risk management program within their purview and reporting back to the Board, while the Board retains broader oversight. 17 Management Oversight Global Risk Management develops risk assessment and risk management guidelines, and facilitates the identification and assessment, monitoring and reporting, and mitigation of risks. The Company uses the three lines of defense operating model to provide structure around risk management and internal controls. The first line of defense is comprised of the business and functional areas that are responsible for the daily management of Company s business operations and related risks. The second line of defense provides independent oversight of risk-taking activities in the first line and is comprised of the Company s Global Risk Management and Compliance functions. The second line of defense assists in determining the risk appetite, strategies, guidelines and structure for managing risk, including strategic and business risk, financial risk, and operational risk. The third line of defense is comprised of the Internal Audit and Advisory Services ( IAAS ) function and is independently governed by the Audit Committee. IAAS evaluates the effectiveness and adequacy of the Company s control environment and other components of our governance system, including compliance with policies, procedures and processes established in the first and second lines, and assesses the design and ongoing effectiveness of risk management and the risk management framework. Risk Appetite, Identification and Assessment, Monitoring and Reporting, and Mitigation Risk appetite defines the levels, types and amount of risk that the Company is willing to accept in the pursuit of its business and strategic objectives, consistent with prudent management of risk concomitant with available levels of capital. Global Risk Management, in conjunction with various risk committees, develops recommendations for risk limits as part of our ERM Framework. Using metrics as appropriate in establishing these risk limits allows for a cohesive assessment of risk, resources and strategy, and supports management and the Board in making well-informed business decisions. Risk identification and assessment are performed by Global Risk Management and conducted in coordination with the first line and Compliance. Risks are classified using an enterprise-wide risk taxonomy. Risk reporting provides tracking of each risk. The risk identification and assessment process feeds into reporting and serves to escalate any elevated or emerging risks for review and action. Risk reporting also includes reporting on the progress of key initiatives and risk mitigation activities. Risk mitigation includes determining a course of action and monitoring progress against remediation. Available Information Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as well as the Statements of Beneficial Ownership of Securities on Forms 3, 4 and 5 for our directors and applicable officers, are available free of charge through the SEC website at www.sec.gov . We make our periodic reports and other information filed with or furnished to the SEC available, free of charge, through the Investor Relations page of our website ( www.assurant.com ) as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. We use our website ( www.assurant.com ) and social media accounts, including LinkedIn ( @Assurant ), X (formerly Twitter) ( @Assurant ) and Facebook ( @Assurant ), as a means of disclosing information about us and our services and for complying with our disclosure obligations under the SEC s Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure). The information we post on our website and social media accounts may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor our website and social media accounts in addition to following our SEC filings, press releases, and public conference calls and webcasts. Except as specifically noted, the information found on our website and social media accounts are not incorporated by reference into, and do not constitute a part of, this Report or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. You should carefully consider them, along with the other information presented in this Report. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following is a summary of the material risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 18 Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues. Significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations. The success of our business depends on the execution of our strategy, including through organic growth and the continuing service of key executives, senior leaders, highly-skilled personnel and a high-performing workforce. We may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, integrate acquired businesses or divest of non-strategic businesses effectively, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations . Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a business continuity event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to successfully manage vendors and other third parties could adversely affect our business. We face risks associated with our international operations. Our mobile business is subject to the risk of declines in the value and availability of mobile devices, and to regulatory compliance and other risks . Sales of our products and services may decline if we are unable to develop and maintain distribution sources or attract and retain sales representatives and executives with key client relationships. We face risks associated with joint ventures, franchises and investments in which we share ownership or management with third parties. Catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses, including as a result of climate change and the current inflationary environment, could materially reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Negative publicity relating to our business, industry or clients may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Macroeconomic, Political and Global Market Risks General economic, financial market and political conditions and conditions in the markets in which we operate may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Financial Risks Our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, requiring us to establish additional reserves or to incur additional expense for settling unreserved liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, profitability and capital. We may be unable to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, which could reduce our profitability. A decline in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. A credit rating agency downgrade of our corporate senior debt rating could materially and adversely impact our business . Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar and other foreign currencies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. An impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets could materially adversely affect our results of operations and book value. Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. Unfavorable conditions in the capital and credit markets may significantly and adversely affect our access to capital and our ability to pay our debts or expenses. Our investment portfolio is subject to market risk, including changes in interest rates, that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our investment portfolio is subject to credit, liquidity and other risks that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 19 The value of our deferred tax assets could become impaired, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Reinsurance may not be adequate or available to protect us against losses, and we are subject to the credit risk of reinsurers. Through reinsurance, we have sold or exited businesses that could again become our direct financial and administrative responsibility if the reinsurers become insolvent. We are exposed to risks related to the creditworthiness and reporting systems of some of our agents, third-party administrators and clients . Our subsidiaries inability to pay us sufficient dividends could prevent us from meeting our obligations and paying future stockholder dividends. Our ability to declare and pay dividends on our capital stock may be limited. Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management. Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks The failure to effectively maintain and modernize our technology systems and infrastructure and integrate those of acquired businesses could adversely affect our business. We could incur significant liability if our technology systems or those of third parties are breached or we or third parties otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our respective systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations . Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to extensive laws and regulations, which increase our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business, and violations or alleged violations of such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations. Changes in tax laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions. The costs of complying with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and reputation. Our business is subject to risks related to reductions in the insurance premium rates we charge. Changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. General Risk Factors Our common stock may be subject to stock price and trading volume volatility. Employee misconduct could harm us by subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. Applicable laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage takeovers and business combinations that some stockholders might consider to be in their best interests. For a more complete discussion of these risks, please see below. Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues . The success of our business depends largely on our relationships and contractual arrangements with significant clients, distributors and other parties, including vendors. Many of these arrangements are exclusive and some rely on preferred provider or similar relationships. If our key clients, distributors or other parties terminate important business arrangements with us, reduce their business with us or renew contracts on terms less favorable to us, which occurs from time to time, we may fail to meet our business objectives and targets, and our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Each of our Global Lifestyle and Global Housing segments receives a substantial portion of its revenues from a few clients. A reduction in business with or the loss of one or more of our significant clients could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and cash flows of individual segments or the Company. Reliance on a few significant clients may 20 weaken our bargaining power, and we may be unable to renew contracts with them without concessions (including up-front payments) or on favorable terms or at all. Examples of important business arrangements include: in Global Lifestyle, exclusive and non-exclusive relationships with the mobile eco-system (including carriers, retailers, OEMs and cable MSOs), dealerships and agents, consumer electronics retailers, appliance retailers (including e-commerce retailers), commercial equipment manufacturers and dealers, and financial, insu