=== AIZ_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. You should carefully consider them, along with the other information presented in this Report. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following is a summary of the material risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 18 Business, Strategic and Operational Risks • Our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues. • Significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations. • The success of our business depends on the execution of our strategy, including through organic growth and the continuing service of key executives, senior leaders, highly-skilled personnel and a high-performing workforce. • We may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, integrate acquired businesses or divest of non-strategic businesses effectively, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations . • Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a business continuity event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Failure to successfully manage vendors and other third parties could adversely affect our business. • We face risks associated with our international operations. • Our mobile business is subject to the risk of declines in the value and availability of mobile devices, and to regulatory compliance and other risks . • Sales of our products and services may decline if we are unable to develop and maintain distribution sources or attract and retain sales representatives and executives with key client relationships. • We face risks associated with joint ventures, franchises and investments in which we share ownership or management with third parties. • Catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses, including as a result of climate change and the current inflationary environment, could materially reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. • Negative publicity relating to our business, industry or clients may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Macroeconomic, Political and Global Market Risks • General economic, financial market and political conditions and conditions in the markets in which we operate may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Financial Risks • Our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, requiring us to establish additional reserves or to incur additional expense for settling unreserved liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, profitability and capital. • We may be unable to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, which could reduce our profitability. • A decline in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. • A credit rating agency downgrade of our corporate senior debt rating could materially and adversely impact our business . • Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar and other foreign currencies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. • An impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets could materially adversely affect our results of operations and book value. • Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. • Unfavorable conditions in the capital and credit markets may significantly and adversely affect our access to capital and our ability to pay our debts or expenses. • Our investment portfolio is subject to market risk, including changes in interest rates, that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. • Our investment portfolio is subject to credit, liquidity and other risks that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 19 • The value of our deferred tax assets could become impaired, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. • Reinsurance may not be adequate or available to protect us against losses, and we are subject to the credit risk of reinsurers. • Through reinsurance, we have sold or exited businesses that could again become our direct financial and administrative responsibility if the reinsurers become insolvent. • We are exposed to risks related to the creditworthiness and reporting systems of some of our agents, third-party administrators and clients . • Our subsidiaries’ inability to pay us sufficient dividends could prevent us from meeting our obligations and paying future stockholder dividends. • Our ability to declare and pay dividends on our capital stock may be limited. • Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management. Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks • The failure to effectively maintain and modernize our technology systems and infrastructure and integrate those of acquired businesses could adversely affect our business. • We could incur significant liability if our technology systems or those of third parties are breached or we or third parties otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our respective systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations . Legal and Regulatory Risks • We are subject to extensive laws and regulations, which increase our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business, and violations or alleged violations of such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations. • Changes in tax laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. • Our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions. • The costs of complying with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and reputation. • Our business is subject to risks related to reductions in the insurance premium rates we charge. • Changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. General Risk Factors • Our common stock may be subject to stock price and trading volume volatility. • Employee misconduct could harm us by subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. • Applicable laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage takeovers and business combinations that some stockholders might consider to be in their best interests. For a more complete discussion of these risks, please see below. Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues . The success of our business depends largely on our relationships and contractual arrangements with significant clients, distributors and other parties, including vendors. Many of these arrangements are exclusive and some rely on preferred provider or similar relationships. If our key clients, distributors or other parties terminate important business arrangements with us, reduce their business with us or renew contracts on terms less favorable to us, which occurs from time to time, we may fail to meet our business objectives and targets, and our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Each of our Global Lifestyle and Global Housing segments receives a substantial portion of its revenues from a few clients. A reduction in business with or the loss of one or more of our significant clients could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and cash flows of individual segments or the Company. Reliance on a few significant clients may 20 weaken our bargaining power, and we may be unable to renew contracts with them without concessions (including up-front payments) or on favorable terms or at all. Examples of important business arrangements include: in Global Lifestyle, exclusive and non-exclusive relationships with the mobile eco-system (including carriers, retailers, OEMs and cable MSOs), dealerships and agents, consumer electronics retailers, appliance retailers (including e-commerce retailers), commercial equipment manufacturers and dealers, and financial, insurance and other institutions through which we distribute our products and services; and in Global Housing, exclusive and non-exclusive relationships with mortgage lenders and servicers, manufactured housing lenders, property managers, and financial, insurance and other institutions. We are subject to the risk that clients, distributors and other parties may face financial difficulties (including as a result of macroeconomic challenges), reputational issues, problems with respect to their own products and services, or regulatory restrictions or compliance issues that may lead to lower than expected or cessation of sales of our products and services and have other adverse impacts on our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, our clients and other parties with whom we do business may change their strategic priorities or initiatives, including exiting or deprioritizing products, services, programs, distribution channels or lines of business that we service or support. They may disintermediate us by developing internal capabilities, products or services that would allow them to service their clients without our involvement, which has occurred from time to time and may materially reduce our revenues and profits. Furthermore, if one or more of our clients or distributors, for example in the mobile, automotive or mortgage servicing markets, consolidate or align themselves with other companies with whom we do not do business, they may choose to utilize or distribute the products and services of our competitors, which has occurred from time to time and could materially reduce our revenues and profits. Significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations . We compete for business, clients, customers, agents and other distribution relationships with many insurance companies, warranty and protection companies, financial services companies, mobile device repair and logistics companies, technology and software companies and specialized competitors that focus on one market, product or service. Some of our competitors may: offer a broader array of products and services than we do or more favorable terms; be better able to tailor those products and services to client and customer needs, including through better technology systems or infrastructure; or have greater diversity of distribution resources, better brand recognition, more competitive pricing, lower costs, greater financial strength or ratings, more resources or higher quality of service. Additionally, customers may turn to our competitors because of our or our client’s failure, or perceived failure, to deliver on customer expectations, product or service flaws, technology issues, gaps in operational support or other issues affecting customer experience. As a result, competition may adversely affect the persistency of our policies, our ability to sell products and provide services, maintain client relationships (including significant clients), and our revenues and results of operations, which has occurred from time to time. The evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences and improvements in technology could result in a reduction in consumer demand and in the prices of the products and services we offer. Our competitive position may be impacted if we are unable to develop, use or integrate, in an effective, compliant and competitive manner, technology such as AI and machine learning, or if our competitors collect and use data that we do not have the ability to access or use. AI technologies may fail, underperform expectations or disrupt business operations, and there can be no assurance that our use of AI will enhance our products or services, or be beneficial to our business. In addition, across many of our businesses, we must respond to the threat of disruption by traditional players, such as insurers, from new entrants, such as “Insurtech” companies, and from their use of technologies such as AI. These players are focused on using technology and innovation to simplify and improve the customer experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the markets in which we operate. To maintain a competitive position, we must continue to invest in new technologies, including AI, and new ways to deliver our products and services. If we do not anticipate and respond effectively to changes in customer preferences, new industry standards, evolving distribution models, disruptive technology developments, including AI, and alternative business models, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. The success of our business depends on the execution of our strategy, including through organic growth and the continuing service of key executives, senior leaders, highly-skilled personnel and a high-performing workforce . Our strategy is focused on delivering long-term profitable growth. As part of our strategy, we are developing new and innovative products and services and enhancing existing offerings. We are investing in technology and digital capabilities, including AI and our Innovation and Device Care Center, and in our home warranty business. We are also enhancing operational efficiency and accessing global talent hubs, including through our Global Capability Centers. In recent years, we realigned our organizational structure and talent to support our business strategy, and accelerated ongoing real estate consolidation efforts. We may not be able to realize our expected growth objectives and operational efficiency improvements from these and future initiatives. 21 Our ability to effectively identify and capitalize on opportunities for growth, including within home warranty, depends on, among other things, our ability to: deliver on customer expectations and provide a positive customer experience; successfully execute large-scale, critical programs and projects in a timely and cost-effective manner; identify and successfully enter and scale our services in new geographic markets and market segments; recruit and retain qualified personnel; coordinate our efforts across various geographic markets and market segments; maintain and grow relationships with our existing customers and expand our customer base; offer new products and services; form strategic alliances and partnerships; secure key vendor and distributor relationships; and access sufficient capital. Our failure to effectively execute our long-term strategy, including achieving growth, innovation and efficiency, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely on the continued service of key executives, senior leaders, highly-skilled personnel and a high-performing workforce to achieve our long-term strategy. We believe that our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to attract, recruit, motivate, develop and retain a high-performing workforce, including those with specialized industry knowledge or within critical or in-demand areas. Doing so may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions; employee expectations; the effectiveness of our talent strategies and total rewards and wellbeing programs; and fluctuations in the labor market, including rising wages and competition for talent. We rely on attracting, retaining, developing and motivating talent, including at the executive level, to effectively manage our businesses and drive our long-term strategy. If we do not succeed in attracting, retaining and developing key talent, our revenue growth and profitability may be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for and successfully carry out the succession of our key executives and senior leaders. We may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, integrate acquired businesses or divest of non-strategic businesses effectively, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or new venture opportunities, or to finance or complete transactions on acceptable terms or in a timely manner. Additionally, the integration of acquired businesses and divestiture of non-strategic businesses or assets may result in significant challenges and additional costs, and we may be unable to accomplish such transactions efficiently or effectively. Acquisitions of businesses and divestitures of non-strategic businesses may not provide us with the benefits that we anticipate, may require significant effort and expenditures, and may entail numerous risks, difficulties and uncertainties. These include, among others, diversion of management’s attention and resources to the integration of operations and infrastructure, which could otherwise have been devoted to other strategic opportunities; inaccurate assessment of risks and liabilities; difficulties in realizing projected revenues, earnings, cash flows, business opportunities, growth prospects, efficiencies, synergies and cost savings, including the incurrence of unexpected integration, compliance or divestiture costs; reputational risks; difficulties in keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers; exposure to jurisdictions or businesses with heightened legal and regulatory risks, including corruption, which may increase compliance costs; difficulties in integrating operations and systems, including cybersecurity and other technology systems, and internal control over financial reporting; difficulties in assimilating employees and corporate cultures; an increase in our indebtedness or future borrowing costs; and limitations on our ability to access additional capital when needed. Our failure to adequately address these and other transaction risks, difficulties and uncertainties could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The market price of our stock may decline if we are unable to integrate acquired businesses or divest of non-strategic businesses successfully, if the integration or divestiture takes longer than expected or fails to achieve financial benefits to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors, or if the effect of the business combination on the financial results of the combined company or the divestiture on the financial results of the standalone company is otherwise not consistent with the expectations of financial analysts or investors. Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a business continuity event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we experience a business continuity event, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist incident, military conflict, pandemic, security breach, cybersecurity incident, power loss, telecommunications outage or other systems failure, or other disaster, our ability to continue operations will depend on an effective business continuity and disaster recovery plan, including the safety and continued availability of our personnel, including key executives, vendors and other third parties, and the proper functioning of our telecommunications and other systems and operations, including our device care centers and other facilities. An extended period of such conditions may strain our business continuity and disaster recovery plan, introduce additional operational risk, including cybersecurity and fraud risks, negatively impact employee morale, result in negative publicity, reputational harm and the loss of profitability and clients. Our inability to successfully recover from a business continuity event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See “ – Technology, 22 Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks – The failure to effectively maintain and modernize our technology systems and infrastructure and integrate those of acquired businesses could adversely affect our business .” Our operations depend upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage and interruption. If a business continuity event occurs, we could lose Company, customer, vendor and other third-party data, lose significant processing capability, or experience interruptions to our operations, the availability of our systems or delivery of products and services to our clients and their customers, which has occurred from time to time and which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on certain third-party technology systems that have in the past experienced a business continuity event, which impacted our operations. A cybersecurity incident or other business continuity event affecting us or key third parties with whom we work could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our technology systems or operations, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues, and divert management’s attention. See “ – Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks – We could incur significant liability if our technology systems or those of third parties are breached or we or third parties otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our respective systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations .” The risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas across the world, including the cities in which our device care centers, data centers and operations personnel are located; major metropolitan centers, such as Atlanta, where our headquarters is located; and certain catastrophe-prone areas, such as Miami, where we have a significant employee base. This risk is heightened in certain countries and regions in which we operate that are subject to higher potential threat of terrorist incidents, military conflicts, political instability and data breaches. A disaster or other business continuity event on a significant scale or affecting our key businesses or our data centers, or our inability to successfully and quickly recover from such an event and any legislative and regulatory responses thereto, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, loss of clients and their customers or damaged relationships, legal liability and other adverse consequences. Our liability insurance policies may not fully cover, in type or amount, the cost of a successful recovery in the event of such a disruption. Failure to successfully manage vendors and other third parties could adversely affect our business. We rely on vendors and other third parties, including independent contractors, to conduct business and provide services to our clients. We use vendors and other third parties for business, investment management, technology, operations, facilities management and other services. For example, our ability to continue to develop, use and efficiently deploy AI technologies depends on access to specific third-party equipment and services. We take steps to monitor and regulate the performance of vendors and other third parties, including in our agreements with such parties, but our oversight controls could prove inadequate. Since we do not fully control the actions of vendors and other third parties, we are subject to the risk that their decisions or operations adversely impact us, and replacing them could create significant delay and expense. If these vendors or other third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or if they fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements in a high-quality and timely manner, which has occurred from time to time, our operations or reputation could be compromised, and we could face legal, regulatory and financial consequences. In addition, these third parties face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee or Company information, could expose us to liability. An interruption in or the cessation of service by any service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties or for any other reason has occurred from time to time and could materially disrupt our operations, limit our ability to offer certain products and services, or result in contractual or regulatory penalties, liability claims, damage to our reputation and harm to our business. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified vendors, independent contractors and other third-party service providers, or if changes in law or judicial decisions require independent contractors to be classified as employees, our business could be significantly adversely affected. Our engagements with international vendors or third parties expose us to risks that accompany operations in a foreign jurisdiction, including international economic and political conditions, foreign laws and regulations, fluctuations in currency values and heightened data security risks. For more information on the risks associated with the use of international vendors and third parties, see “ – We face risks associated with our international operations. ” We face risks associated with our international operations. Our international operations face economic, political, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational, supply chain and other risks. For example, we face the risk of, the imposition of sanctions, tariffs, trade barriers or other protectionist laws or business practices that favor local competition (including from the United States), increase costs and may otherwise adversely affect our business; inflation and foreign exchange rate fluctuations; restrictions on currency conversion and the repatriation of non-U.S. investments and earnings; burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations and the associated risk and costs of non-compliance, including reputational harm; exposure to evolving legal systems, which may result in 23 unpredictable or inconsistent application of laws and regulations, including export controls and exposure to commercial, political, legal or regulatory risks such as corruption; political, economic or other instability in countries in which we conduct business, including possible terrorist acts; diminished ability to enforce our contractual rights; heightened data security risks; differences in cultural environments; changes in regulatory requirements, including changes in regulatory treatment of certain products or services; exposure to local economic conditions and its impact on our clients’ performance and creditworthiness; and a competitive global labor market. If our business model is not successful in a particular country or region, or a country or region in which we do business experiences economic, political or other instability, we may lose all or part of our investment in that country or region. As we continue to scale our global operations and grow our international labor force within Global Capability Centers, our business becomes increasingly exposed to these and other risks, including where certain countries or regions have experienced economic or political instability. As we engage with international clients, we may make certain up-front commission payments or similar cash outlays, which we may not recover if the business does not develop as we expect. These up-front payments are typically supported by various protections, such as letters of credit, letters of guarantee and real estate, but we may not fully or timely recover amounts owed to us because of difficulties in enforcing contracts or judgments in evolving legal systems and other factors. In addition, we rely on fronting carriers in certain countries to maintain their licenses and product approvals, satisfy local regulatory requirements and continue in business. If they fail to do so, our business, reputation, and relationships with our clients and their customers could be adversely affected. For additional information on the significant international regulations that apply to us and the risks relating thereto

=== AIZ_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A—Risk Factors” in our 2025 Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities: (In millions, except number of shares and per share amounts) Period in 2026 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (1) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Programs (1) January 1 - January 31 101,291 $ 236.66 101,291 $ 750.7 February 1 - February 28 139,837 227.19 139,837 718.9 March 1 - March 31 315,009 219.79 315,009 649.7 Total 556,137 $ 224.73 556,137 $ 649.7 (1) Shares repurchased pursuant to the November 2023 and November 2025 publicly announced share repurchase authorizations of up to $600.0 million and $700.0 million aggregate cost at purchase of outstanding common stock, respectively. As of March 31, 2026, $649.7 million aggregate cost at purchase remained unused under the November 2025 repurchase authorization. Item 5. Other Information Rule 10b5-1 and non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements On February 13, 2026 , Keith Meier , our Chief Financial Officer , adopted a plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (a “Plan”). Mr. Meier’s Plan provides for the sale of up to 25,000 shares of our common stock, and terminates on the earlier of: (i) February 26, 2027 , (ii) the date all shares are sold thereunder or (iii) such date that the Plan is otherwise terminated according to its terms. On March 20, 2026 , Bob Lonergan , our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer , adopted a Plan. Mr. Lonergan’s Plan provides for the sale of up to 7,000 shares of our common stock, and terminates on the earlier of: (i) March 31, 2027 , (ii) the date all shares are sold thereunder or (iii) such date that the Plan is otherwise terminated according to its terms. 40 Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits either (a) are filed with this Report or (b) have previously been filed with the SEC and are incorporated herein by reference to those prior filings. 10.1 Amended and Restated Assurant, Inc. Executive Short Term Incentive Plan, effective as of February 9, 2026.* 10.2 Form of Assurant, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Performance-Based Awards, effective as of January 2 8 , 2026.* 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Assurant, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Assurant, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). * Management contract or compensatory plan. 41 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ASSURANT, INC. By: /s/ KEITH W. DEMMINGS Name: Keith W. Demmings Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ KEITH R. MEIER Name: Keith R. Meier Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: May 7, 2026 42 