=== WMB_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors A breach of information technology infrastructure, including a breach caused by a cybersecurity attack on Williams, Transco, or NWP, or the third parties with whom they are interconnected, may interfere with the safe operation of assets, result in the disclosure of personal or proprietary information, and cause reputational harm. 21 Gathering Regulations Williams onshore midstream gathering operations are subject to laws and regulations in the various states in which it operates. For example, the Texas Railroad Commission has the authority to regulate the terms of service for Williams intrastate natural gas gathering business in Texas. Although the applicable state regulations vary widely, they generally require that pipeline rates and practices be reasonable and nondiscriminatory, and may include provisions covering marketing, pricing, pollution, environment, and human health and safety. Some states, such as New York and Ohio, have specific regulations pertaining to the design, construction, and operations of gathering lines within such state. Williams has been actively implementing PHMSA s 2021 Gas Gathering final rule that requires all onshore gas gathering lines to report incidents and file annual reports. The final rule also established a new Type C regulated gathering line and now requires Type C gathering lines to comply with specifically identified PHMSA regulations in 49 Code of Federal Regulations Part 192. Since the rule was published, Williams has worked to understand the regulatory changes and modify our procedures as needed. Liquids Pipelines Williams liquids pipelines are regulated by the Louisiana Department of Natural Resources, the Texas Railroad Commission, and various other state and federal agencies. These pipelines are also subject to the liquid pipeline safety and integrity regulations discussed above since both Louisiana and Texas have adopted the integrity management regulations defined in PHMSA. Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act Williams offshore gas and liquids pipelines located on the outer continental shelf, including Transco, are subject to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, which provides in part that outer continental shelf pipelines must provide open and nondiscriminatory access to both owner and non-owner shippers. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors The operation of Williams , Transco s, and NWP s businesses might be adversely affected by regulatory proceedings, changes in government regulations or in their interpretation or implementation, or the introduction of new laws or regulations applicable to Williams , Transco s, and NWP s businesses or customers, and The natural gas sales, transportation, and storage operations of Williams , Transco s, and NWP s natural gas pipelines are subject to regulation by the FERC, which could have an adverse impact on their ability to establish transportation and storage rates that would allow them to recover the full cost of operating their respective pipelines and storage assets, including a reasonable rate of return. Environmental Matters Williams operations, including Transco and NWP, are subject to federal environmental laws and regulations as well as the state, local, and tribal laws and regulations adopted by the jurisdictions in which they operate. Williams, Transco, and NWP could incur liability to governments or third parties for any unlawful discharge of pollutants into the air, soil, or water, as well as liability for cleanup costs. Materials could be released into the environment in several ways including, but not limited to: Leakage from gathering systems, underground gas storage caverns, pipelines, processing or treating facilities, transportation facilities, and storage tanks; Damage to facilities resulting from accidents during normal operations; Damages to onshore and offshore equipment and facilities resulting from storm events or natural disasters; Blowouts, cratering, and explosions. In addition, Williams, Transco, and NWP may be liable for environmental damage caused by former owners or operators of our properties. 22 Williams, Transco, and NWP believe compliance with current environmental laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on their capital expenditures, earnings, or current competitive position. However, environmental laws and regulations could affect their business in various ways from time to time, including incurring capital and maintenance expenditures, fines and penalties, and creating the need to seek relief from the FERC for rate increases to recover the costs of certain capital expenditures and operation and maintenance expenses. NWP - Washington State Climate Commitment Act In 2021, the state of Washington passed its Climate Commitment Act establishing a market-based cap-and-invest program to reduce carbon emissions. This program took effect on January 1, 2023, and sets a limit, or cap, on overall carbon emissions in the state and requires businesses like NWP to obtain allowances equal to their annual covered carbon emissions. The state s cap will be reduced over time to meet the state s carbon emissions reduction targets, which means fewer carbon emissions allowances will be available to purchase each year. These allowances can be purchased through quarterly auctions hosted by the state or bought and sold on a secondary market. In 2023, NWP began purchasing allowances for the carbon emissions from nine of its thirteen compressor stations within the state whose annual carbon emissions have exceeded 25,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent at least once since 2015. NWP also began purchasing allowances for NWP s delivery of natural gas to certain of their customers and certain of their facilities in the state whose annual carbon emissions are insufficient to require their direct participation in the program. NWP s latest rate case settlement allows them to recover the costs of purchasing allowances under the program in their next rate case. For additional information regarding the potential impact of federal, state, tribal, or local regulatory measures on business and specific environmental issues, please refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Williams , Transco s, and NWP s operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, which may expose them to significant costs, liabilities, and expenditures that could exceed expectation s , and Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Environmental and Environmental Matters in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 18 Contingencies and Commitments. Competition Williams competitive strategy spans all of its product and service offerings. Williams has a narrowed natural gas value chain focus that supports the exceptional reliability and quality services that are valued by its customers. Gathering and Processing Competition for natural gas gathering, processing, treating, transportation, and storage, as well as NGLs transportation, fractionation, and storage continues to increase as United States production continues to grow. Williams midstream services compete with similar facilities that are in close proximity to its assets. Williams faces competition from companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including major and independent natural gas midstream providers, private equity firms, and major integrated oil and natural gas companies that gather, transport, process, fractionate, store, and market natural gas and NGLs, as well as some larger exploration and production companies that are choosing to develop midstream services to handle their own natural gas. Williams gathering and processing agreements are generally long-term agreements that may include acreage dedication. Competition for natural gas volumes is primarily based on reputation, flexibility of commercial terms (including but not limited to fees charged, products retained, volume commitments), available capacity, array and quality of services provided, as well as efficiency, reliability, and safety of services. Williams believes its significant presence in key supply basins, expertise and reputation as a reliable and safe operator, commitment to sustainability, and ability to offer integrated packages of services positions it well against competition. 23 Regulated Interstate Natural Gas Transportation and Storage The market for supplying natural gas is highly competitive and new pipelines, storage facilities, and other related services are expanding to service the growing demand for natural gas. Additionally, pipeline capacity in many natural gas supply basins is constrained and facing more regulation and opposition causing competition to increase among pipeline companies as they strive to connect those basins to major natural gas demand centers. Williams predominately competes with major intrastate and interstate natural gas pipelines. Some local distribution companies are also involved in the long-haul transportation business through joint venture pipelines. The principle elements of competition in the interstate natural gas pipeline business are based on available capacity, rates, reliability, quality of customer service, diversity and flexibility of supply, and proximity or access to customers and market hubs. Williams faces competition in a number of key markets, and competes with other interstate and intrastate pipelines for deliveries to customers who can take deliveries at multiple points. Natural gas delivered on Williams system competes with alternative energy sources used to generate electricity such as hydroelectric power, solar, wind, coal, fuel oil, and nuclear. Future demand for natural gas within the power sector could be increased by growing power demand and by regulations limiting or discouraging coal use in power generation. Conversely, natural gas demand could be adversely affected by laws mandating or encouraging solar and wind power sources or restricting the use of natural gas in power generation. Significant entrance barriers to build new pipelines exist, including increased federal and state regulations and elevated public opposition against new pipeline builds, and these factors will continue to impact potential competition for the foreseeable future. However, Williams believes past success in working with regulators and the public, the position of its existing infrastructure, established strategic long-term contracts, and the fact that Williams pipelines have numerous receipt and delivery points provide it a competitive advantage, especially along the eastern seaboard and northwestern United States. Energy Management and Marketing Services Williams Gas NGL Marketing Services segment competes with national and regional full-service energy providers, producers, and pipeline marketing affiliates or other marketing companies that aggregate commodities with transportation and storage capacity. For additional information regarding competition for Williams services or otherwise affecting our business, please refer to Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors - The business, operating results, and financial condition of Williams , Transco s, and NWP s natural gas transportation and midstream businesses are dependent on the continued availability of natural gas supplies in the supply basins and demand for those supplies in the markets that they serve, The energy industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect Williams , Transco s, and NWP s businesses and operating results , and Williams, Transco, and NWP may not be able to replace, extend, or add additional customer contracts or contracted volumes on favorable terms, or at all, as applicable, which could affect Williams , Transco s, and NWP s financial condition and ability to grow, as well as the amount of cash available to Williams to pay dividends. Human Capital Resources Williams is committed to maintaining a work environment that enables Williams to attract, develop, and retain a highly skilled and diverse group of talented employees who help promote long-term value creation now and into the clean energy future. Employees As of February 1, 2026, Williams had 5,987 full-time employees located throughout the United States. During 2025, Williams voluntary turnover rate was 6.3 percent. 24 Transco and NWP have no employees. Operations, management and certain administrative services are provided by Williams for both Transco and NWP. Williams 2024 Sustainability Report is available on its website for more information about human capital programs and initiatives. The 2025 Sustainability Report will be available in the summer of 2026. Nothing on Williams website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Workforce Safety Williams continues to advance a safety-first culture by developing and empowering employees to operate assets in a safe, reliable, and customer-focused way. Williams strives to continuously improve safety and implement best practices to progress towards zero safety incidents. When a safety hazard is recognized, every employee has the authority and responsibility to stop work activities, make changes to enhance safety, and share the lessons learned with the organization on how we made it right. Williams includes three safety and environmental metrics as a part of its Annual Incentive Program design. For 2025, these goals included Critical Tier 3 Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) Ratio, a High Potential Hazard Identification to Incident Ratio goal aimed to focus attention on behaviors that are the leading causes of incidents, as well as a Methane Emissions Intensity Reduction goal focusing on efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by safely and reliably operating and maintaining assets. These three metrics comprise 15 percent of Williams annual incentive program for eligible employees, and reinforce the importance of incident prevention and a commitment to environmental and safety-focused improvements. For 2025, the LOPC Ratio, High Potential Hazard Identification to Incident Ratio and Methane Emissions Intensity Reduction goals outperformed the established targets. Workforce Health, Engagement, and Development Williams employees are its most valued resource, are instrumental in our mission to safely deliver products that support the clean energy economy, and are the driving force behind Williams reputation as a safe, reliable company that does the right thing, every time. Cultivating a healthy work environment increases productivity, enhances employee satisfaction, and promotes long-term value creation. Williams provides a competitive total rewards program that includes base salary, an annual incentive program, retirement benefits, and health benefits, including wellness and employee assistance programs. Williams provides employees with company-paid life insurance, disability coverage, and paid parental leave for both birth and non-birth parents, as well as adoption assistance. The annual incentive program is a key component of Williams commitment to a performance culture focused on recognizing and rewarding high performance. In order to attract and retain top talent, Williams creates and is committed to maintaining a safe, inclusive workplace where employees feel valued, heard, respected, and supported in their personal and professional development. Williams leverages social and digital platforms like a careers site, external job boards, virtual and in-person career fairs and community events to attract candidates who have the specific skills we need. Further, leaders participate in training and utilize interview guides with collaboration-focused questions to ensure they are equipped with interviewer best practices that help them holistically evaluate candidates. Williams leverages employee-led resource groups to better understand business needs from the employee perspective, particularly related to engagement, development, and inclusion. Additionally, Williams supports employee engagement through formal programming including professional development, mentoring, and succession planning. Williams provides extensive corporate and technical training programs that are agile and robust. These programs are designed to support the professional, skill, and technological development of employees, which in turn creates a competitive advantage. Williams is committed to adding long-term value by investing in employees growth and development. In addition to internal development programming, Williams also supports external development opportunities to further enhance employees professional and technical skills. Performance is measured considering both the achieved results associated with attaining annual goals and the observable skills and behaviors based on defined competencies that contribute to workplace effectiveness and career success. All formal leaders are evaluated on an additional competency around building high-performing teams. Including the defined competencies 25 in the annual performance assessments illustrates Williams emphasis on, and commitment to, achieving results in the right way. Additionally, Williams is committed to strengthening the communities where we operate through philanthropy and volunteerism. Williams supports Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math education initiatives, community benefit projects, environmental conservation, first responder efforts, and the work of United Way agencies across the United States. The Compensation and Management Development Committee of Williams Board of Directors oversees executive compensation and equity-based compensation plans and the material risks associated with the compensation program, as well as the oversight elements of human capital management, including talent development and diversity and inclusion. Inclusive Workforce Williams is committed to creating an inclusive culture, where differences are embraced and employees feel valued, welcomed, appreciated, and compelled to reach their full potential. Williams believes that inclusion fosters innovation, collaboration, and drives business growth and long-term success. To create a culture of inclusion, Williams embraces, appreciates, and fully leverages the diversity of background and experience within teams. Williams believes that incorporating differences into a team of people who are working toward the same goal provides a competitive advantage. Williams Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) create space for employees to share personal experiences and perspectives, appreciate differences, and promote inclusion across the company. ERGs are employee led, based on shared interests and experiences, represent diverse communities and their allies, and are open to all employees. Members participate in community and volunteer events, provide professional and personal support, and contribute to a culture where all individuals can achieve their full potential. The ERG Roundtable, led by ERG Leaders and inclusive of organizational and operational leaders and employees from across the company, support alignment and collaboration across enterprise inclusion efforts. Through this forum, ERG leaders coordinate priorities, share best practices, and advance policies, practices, and procedures that support the growth of a high performing workforce. Each ERG leadership team includes one or two vice president sponsors, and leadership teams coordinate and prioritize efforts with corporate oversight and support, including events organized and hosted by Williams 10 ERGs. Williams is committed to helping all employees develop and succeed. Williams seeks inclusive representation at all levels of the organization through our talent management practices and employee development programs. As of December 31, 2025, Williams Board of Directors includes 12 members, 10 of whom are independent members. As part of the director selection and nominating process, the Governance and Sustainability Committee annually assesses the Board s effectiveness. Williams strives to maintain a board of directors with varied occupational and personal backgrounds. Transactions with Affiliates Transco and NWP engage in transactions with Williams and its subsidiaries. Please see Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 1 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4 Related Party Transactions. Website Access To Reports and Other Information Williams files its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and other documents electronically with the SEC under the Exchange Act. Williams Internet website is www.williams.com . Williams makes available, free of charge, through the Investors tab of its Internet website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports 26 on Form 8 K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after Williams electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. Williams Corporate Governance Guidelines, Sustainability Report, Board committee charters, and the Williams Code of Business Conduct are also available on the Internet website. Williams will also provide, free of charge, a copy of any of our corporate documents listed above upon written request to Williams Corporate Secretary, One Williams Center, Suite 4700, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74172. 27 Item 1A. Risk Factors FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE SAFE HARBOR PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Williams, Transco, and NWP may contain or incorporate by reference statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Such statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements relate to anticipated financial performance, management s plans and objectives for future operations, business prospects, outcomes of regulatory proceedings, market conditions, and other matters. Williams, Transco, and NWP make these forward-looking statements in reliance on the safe harbor protections provided under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as applicable. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this report that address activities, events, or developments that Williams, Transco, and NWP expect, believe, or anticipate will exist or may occur in the future, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by various forms of words such as anticipates, believes, seeks, could, may, should, continues, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, might, goals, objectives, targets, planned, potential, projects, scheduled, will, assumes, guidance, outlook, in-service date, or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management and include, among others, statements regarding: Levels of dividends to Williams stockholders; Future credit ratings of Transco, NWP, and Williams and its affiliates; Amounts and nature of future capital expenditures; Expansion and growth of business and operations; Expected in-service dates for capital projects; Financial condition and liquidity; Business strategy; Cash flow from operations or results of operations; Rate case filings; Seasonality of certain business components; Natural gas, natural gas liquids, and crude oil prices, supply, and demand; Demand for services. Forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions, uncertainties, and risks that could cause future events or results to be materially different from those stated or implied in this report. Many of the factors that will determine these results are beyond Williams , Transco s, and NWP s ability to control or predict. Specific factors that could cause actual results to differ from results contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: Availability of supplies, market demand, and volatility of prices; Development and rate of adoption of alternative energy sources; The impact of existing and future laws and regulations, the regulatory environment, environmental matters, and litigation, as well as the ability and the ability of other energy companies with whom Williams, Transco, and NWP conduct or seek to conduct business, to obtain necessary permits and approvals, and the ability to achieve favorable rate proceeding outcomes; 28 Exposure to the credit risk of customers and counterparties; Williams ability to acquire new businesses and assets and successfully integrate those operations and assets into existing businesses as well as successfully expand facilities and consummate asset sales on acceptable terms; The ability to successfully identify, evaluate, and timely execute on capital projects and investment opportunities; The strength and financial resources of competitors and the effects of competition; The amount of cash distributions from and capital requirements of Williams investments and joint ventures in which Williams participates; The ability of Williams to effectively execute on its financing plan; Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to environmental, social, and governance practices; The physical and financial risks associated with climate change; The impacts of operational and developmental hazards and unforeseen interruptions; The risks resulting from outbreaks or other public health crises; Risks associated with weather and natural phenomena, including climate conditions and physical damage to facilities; Acts of terrorism, cybersecurity incidents, and related disruptions; Williams costs and funding obligations for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans, and Transco s and NWP s allocations regarding the same; Changes in maintenance and construction costs, as well as the ability to obtain sufficient construction- related inputs, including skilled labor; Inflation, interest rates, tariffs on foreign-made materials and goods (including steel and steel pipes) necessary to conduct business, and general economic conditions (including future disruptions and volatility in the global credit markets and the impact of these events on customers and suppliers); Risks related to financing, including restrictions stemming from debt agreements, future changes in credit ratings as determined by nationally recognized credit rating agencies, and the availability and cost of capital; The ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and other oil exporting nations to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls and the impact on domestic production; Changes in the current geopolitical situation; Changes in U.S. governmental administration and policies; Whether Williams is able to pay current and expected levels of dividends; Additional risks described in Williams , Transco s, and NWP s SEC filings. Given the uncertainties and risk factors that could cause Williams , Transco s, and NWP s actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, Williams, Transco, and NWP caution investors not to unduly rely on these forward-looking statements. Williams, Transco, and NWP disclaim any obligations to, and do not intend to, update the above list or announce publicly the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. In addition to causing actual results to differ, the factors listed above and referred to below may cause Williams , Transco s, and NWP s intentions to change from those statements of intention set forth in this report. 29 Such changes in intentions may also cause results to differ. Williams, Transco, and NWP may change intentions, at any time and without notice, based upon changes in such factors, assumptions, or otherwise. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Williams, Transco, and NWP caution that there are important factors, in addition to those listed above, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These factors are described in the following section. Summary of Risk Factors You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information in this report. Each of these factors could adversely affect Williams , Transco s, and NWP s businesses, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and, in some cases, reputation. The occurrence of any of such risks could also adversely affect the value of an investment in securities. These factors are summarized below and described in more detail following the summary. Risks Related to Business The business, operating results, and financial condition of Williams , Transco s, and NWP s natural gas transportation and midstream businesses are dependent on the continued availability of natural gas supplies in the supply basins and demand for those supplies in the markets that they serve. Prices for natural gas, NGLs, oil, LNG, and other commodities are volatile, and this volatility has and could continue to adversely affect Williams financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, access to capital, and ability to maintain or grow its business. Significant prolonged changes in natural gas prices could affect supply and demand for Transc