=== SNDK_2025-10-07.htm.gz ===
sndk-20251006 Sandisk Corporation 0002023554 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD 0002023554 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 1 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 0002023554 2 2024-07-29 2025-07-27 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant o Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Sandisk Corp. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): o No fee required o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials o Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 INSPIRATION AND INNOVATION IN MOTION ( ) Sandisk delivers innovative Flash solutions and advanced memory technologies that meet people and businesses at the intersection of their aspirations and the moment, enabling them to keep moving and pushing possibility forward. WHO WE ARE Our vast portfolio of Flash products enables a seamless and simplified world of resilient data expression and storage. We believe that everyone should be inspired by their data to move, create, discover, share, and unlock their potential. OUR VALUES Our values of innovation, sustainability, collaboration and community, and responsible leadership focus our vision, inspire what we build, and drive our ambitions, shaping our path and defining what success looks like across everything we do. PG. 001 LETTER FROM OUR CHAIR AND LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Dear Fellow Stockholders: We are pleased to invite you to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our first as a newly independent, publicly traded company. This meeting represents a defining moment in Sandisk s history and a significant milestone in our reemergence as a standalone global leader in flash-based storage solutions. In February 2025, Sandisk formally separated from Western Digital, completing a successful transition and reintroduction to the market. In this new era for Sandisk, we are laser-focused on creating value for customers and stockholders by leveraging our greatest strengths in innovation, scale, agility, and operational discipline. While our post-separation period in fiscal 2025 was brief, we are proud of the progress made in performance, leadership, and governance, which has laid a strong foundation for Sandisk s long-term success. Our Board Represents Institutional Insight and Strategic Renewal We are guided by a highly experienced and strategically balanced Board of Directors. Our Board consists of a combination of former Western Digital board members who provide deep insight on Sandisk s business, technology, talent, and long-term strategic goals, and new members who bring fresh perspectives to the boardroom. We are confident that our Board is well-positioned to steward Sandisk as a standalone company. We believe everything starts with innovation, and our business sits at the center of it. With a dedicated focus on advancing Sandisk s core business, we see a tremendous opportunity to deliver meaningful value to both our customers and stockholders. We will nominate seven directors at our inaugural annual meeting, all of whom have served since our separation from Western Digital. As part of the separation, we appointed to our Board two current Western Digital directors Matthew Massengill and Kimberly Alexy to provide leadership continuity through the transition. As we believe Sandisk is now in a strong position to drive long-term success and value creation for its stockholders, Mr. Massengill and Ms. Alexy will not be nominated for reelection at the annual meeting. Our director nominees include independent directors with expertise across critical domains, including semiconductors, enterprise systems, capital markets, and human capital. The skills of our director nominees are closely aligned with our business priorities and opportunities ahead and are essential skills for driving long-term value creation. We are excited for our Board to effectively guide and oversee Sandisk through its evolution as a standalone company. Our Clear Strategy for Long-term Value Creation Sandisk s strategy is focused and purpose-built for the opportunities ahead. As a standalone company, we are reaffirming our leadership in the NAND and SSD markets while sharpening our operational and capital allocation decisions to deliver sustainable and profitable growth objectives. We are executing a long-term vision that reflects our core strengths. In doing so, we are positioning Sandisk to capture a significant market opportunity. Our growth is being driven by the exponential expansion of data, the rise of artificial intelligence in cloud and edge applications, and upcoming refresh cycles in personal computers and mobile devices. Our capital investment remains strong in data centers where we are seeing emerging AI-driven workloads expand the addressable market for enterprise SSDs, which we believe is unlocking further potential for Sandisk s flash solutions. In parallel, we have made structural changes to how we operate by, for example, tightening our focus on capital discipline and driving higher returns on invested capital. These are not just goals, they are embedded principles of how Sandisk creates long-term stockholder value. Our successful first half-year as a standalone company exceeded expectations. We remain optimistic as we lead with innovation to meet demand, which we forecast to strengthen throughout the year. We continue to focus on maximizing return on invested capital through supply management, costs, and pricing strategies. A Commitment to Good Governance and Our Stockholders Governance has been a priority through the separation, and we have taken significant steps toward establishing the rigor and practices characteristic of a mature, best-in-class public company, and we will continue to evaluate our governance practices in this pursuit. Our Board prioritizes strong and independent oversight, and we maintain policies aligned with investor expectations, including a commitment to a robust stockholder engagement program. Transparency, accountability, and long-term alignment with stockholders are central to our governance philosophy. On behalf of the full Board and executive team, thank you for the trust you have placed in Sandisk as we reintroduce ourselves as a standalone company. Our first fiscal year has been foundational, and the support and feedback of our investors has been essential. We look forward to continuing our journey together. Sincerely, David V. Goeckeler Chair of the Board Matthew E. Massengill Lead Independent Director PG. 002 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date November 18, 2025 Time Online check-in begins: 7:45 a.m. Pacific Time Meeting begins: 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time Location Our annual meeting will be a completely virtual meeting of stockholders that will provide stockholders with comparable rights and opportunities to participate as they would have at an in-person meeting. To participate, vote or submit questions during the annual meeting via live webcast, please visit: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SNDK2025 . Please see the section entitled Additional Information General Information About the Annual Meeting Virtual Annual Meeting for additional information. Who Can Vote Holders of record of shares of our common stock at the close of business on September 22, 2025 will be entitled to notice of and to vote, together as a single class, at our annual meeting and any postponements or adjournments of the meeting. Voting Shares in Advance of The Meeting Your vote is very important. Please submit your proxy as soon as possible via the Internet, telephone or mail. Submitting your proxy by one of these methods will ensure your vote will be counted regardless of whether you attend the annual meeting. Via the Internet Visit the website listed on your notice, proxy card or voting instruction form By Phone Call the phone number listed on your proxy card or voting instruction form By Mail Complete, sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction form in the envelope provided Matters to Be Voted On and Board Recommendations Proposal 1 Election of the seven director nominees named in the attached Proxy Statement to serve until our next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified Proposal 2 Approval on an advisory basis of the named executive officer compensation disclosed in the attached Proxy Statement Proposal 3 Approval on an advisory basis of the frequency of future advisory votes on named executive officer compensation Proposal 4 Ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026 At the meeting, we will also consider any other business that may properly come before our annual meeting and any postponements or adjournments of the meeting. By Order of our Board of Directors, Bernard Shek Chief Legal Officer and Secretary October 7, 2025 Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for our annual meeting of stockholders to be held on November 18, 2025: On or about October 7, 2025, proxy materials for the annual meeting, including the attached Proxy Statement and our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 27, 2025, are being furnished to stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting. The Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report are available on our Investor Relations website at investor.sandisk.com . You can also view these materials at www.proxyvote.com by using the control number provided on your proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. PG. 003 DISCLAIMERS Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Proxy Statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, including but not limited to, statements concerning our business strategy and strategic priorities, including expectations regarding our ability to successfully operate and grow as a standalone company, our leadership positioning in the NAND and SSD markets, our innovation initiatives, operational and capital allocation decisions and our long-term growth and profitability objectives, our expectations regarding market opportunities, including demand driven by artificial intelligence, data growth and technology refresh cycles, our plans for capital investments and supply management, and our efforts to deliver sustainable growth and long-term stockholder value. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations as of the date of this Proxy Statement and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: adverse changes in global or regional economic conditions, including the impact of evolving trade policies, tariff regimes and trade wars; volatility in demand for our products; pricing trends and fluctuations in average selling prices; inflation; changes in interest rates and a potential economic recession; future responses to and effects of global health crises; the impact of business and market conditions; the impact of competitive products and pricing; our development and introduction of products based on new technologies and management of technology transitions; risks associated with strategic initiatives, including restructurings, acquisitions, divestitures, cost saving measures and joint ventures; risks related to product defects; difficulties or delays in manufacturing or other supply chain disruptions; our reliance on strategic relationships with key partners, including Kioxia Corporation; attraction, retention, and development of skilled management and technical talent; risks associated with the use of artificial intelligence in our business operations; our level of debt and other financial obligations; changes to our relationships with key customers or consolidation among our customer base; compromise, damage or interruption from cybersecurity incidents or other data system security risks; our reliance on intellectual property; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; actions by competitors; risks associated with compliance with changing legal and regulatory requirements; future material impairments in the value of our goodwill and other long-lived assets; our ability to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the separation from WDC; and other risks and uncertainties listed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 21, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K ), to which your attention is directed. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect new information or events, except as required by law. Website References You may also access additional information about Sandisk at investor.sandisk.com . References to our website throughout this Proxy Statement are provided for convenience only, and the content on our website does not constitute a part of, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. PG. 004 TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter from Our Chair and Lead Independent Director 1 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders 2 Disclaimers 3 Proxy Summary 5 Corporate Governance Matters 8 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 8 Nominees for Election 9 Director Nominee Skills and Experience 16 Director Nominations and Board Refreshment 19 Board s Role and Responsibilities 21 Risk Oversight and Compensation Risk Assessment 21 Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility 22 Stockholder Engagement 23 Board Structure 24 Board Processes and Policies 28 Board and Committee Evaluations 29 Director Compensation 32 Executive Officers 35 Executive Compensation 36 Proposal 2: Advisory Vote on Named Executive Officer Compensation 36 A Message From the Compensation and Talent Committee 37 Report of the Compensation and Talent Committee 38 Compensation and Talent Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 38 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Fiscal 2025 Overview 39 Executive Compensation Objectives and Approach 42 2H Fiscal 2025 Executive Compensation Program Decisions and Outcomes 46 Fiscal 2026 Compensation Program Design and Decisions 51 Other Program Features and Policies 52 Executive Compensation Tables and Narratives 53 Fiscal 2025 Summary Compensation Table 53 Fiscal 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 54 Description of Compensation Arrangements for Named Executive Officers 55 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2025 Year-En d T able 55 Fiscal 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 56 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 57 Pay Versus Performance 59 Say on Pay Frequency Proposal 61 Proposal 3: Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Future Advisory Votes on Named Executive Officer Compensation 61 Equity Compensation Plan Information 62 Stock Ownership Information 63 Audit Committee Matters 65 Proposal 4: Ratification of Appointment of O ur Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 65 Report of the Audit Committee 66 Additional Information 67 General Information About the Annual Meeting 67 Virtual Annual Meeting 67 Availability of Annual Report 70 Communication with our Company 70 Appendix A Non-GAAP Financial Measures A- 1 PG. 005 PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider. We encourage you to read this entire Proxy Statement for more information about these topics prior to voting. Sandisk at a Glance We are a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of data storage devices and solutions based on NAND flash technology. With a differentiated innovation engine driving advancements in storage and semiconductor technologies, our broad and ever-expanding portfolio delivers powerful flash storage solutions for AI workloads in data centers, edge devices, and consumers. Our technologies enable everyone from students, gamers and home offices to the largest enterprises and public clouds to produce, analyze, and store data. Our solutions include a broad range of solid-state drives ( SSD ), embedded products, removable cards, universal serial bus drives and wafers and components. Our broad portfolio of technology and products addresses multiple use cases and end markets. PG. 006 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Our Director Nominees Richard B. Cassidy II, 74 Former Chairman and CEO, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company ( TSMC ), Arizona. Director Since: 2025 Other Current Public Directorships: Microchip Technology Inc. Committee Membership: Thomas Caulfield, 66 Former CEO, GlobalFoundries Inc. Director Since: 2025 Other Current Public Directorships: GlobalFoundries Inc. Committee Membership: David V. Goeckeler, 63 CEO, Sandisk Corporation Director Since: 2025 Other Current Public Directorships: Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Committee Membership: Devinder Kumar, 70 Former CFO, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Director Since: 2025 Other Current Public Directorships: Ciena Corporation Committee Membership: Necip Sayiner, 60 Former executive vice president and general manager, Renesas Electronics Corporation. Director Since: 2025 Other Current Public Directorships: Rambus, Inc., Axcelis Technologies, Inc., and Teradyne, Inc. Committee Membership: Ellyn J. Shook, 62 Former chief leadership and human resources officer, Accenture plc Director Since: 2025 Other Current Public Directorships: The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. Committee Membership: Miyuki Suzuki, 65 Former president, Asia Pacific, Japan and China. Cisco Systems, Inc. Director Since: 2025 Other Current Public Directorships: Twilio Inc. and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. ( MUFG ). Committee Membership: Audit Compensation and Talent Governance Executive Committee Chair Chair of the Board Independent PROXY SUMMARY PG. 007 Board Nominee Highlights** Independence Gender Age 86% Independent 29% Women 66 Years Average Independent Non-Independent Women Men 60-65 Years 65 Years ** The terms of service of current Board of Director members Kimberly E. Alexy and Matthew E. Massengill will end immediately prior to the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. The Board intends to appoint a new Lead Independent Director, a third member and a new chair of the Audit Committee, and a third member and a new chair of the Governance Committee. Corporate Governance Highlights Our Board of Directors is committed to robust corporate governance practices that reflect integrity, accountability, and transparency. These practices are designed to support effective oversight and advance the long-term interests of our stockholders. Corporate Governance Best Practices We commit to regularly evaluate our corporate governance practices based on a consideration of prevailing best practices, our stakeholders feedback and interests, and the interests of our long-term strategy and outlook. We have implemented or are in the process of implementing such practices, including those highlighted below, in a manner appropriate for our company. Commitment to a robust Board-led stockholder engagement program that informs Board decisions Independent Board leadership, consisting of a Lead Independent Director with clearly defined roles and responsibilities All directors are elected annually by a simple majority of votes cast Six of seven director nominees are independent Overboarding policy for additional public company directorships by directors, including a lower threshold for our CEO, and director time commitments annually reviewed Board oversight of strategic planning and risk management Succession planning for directors, our CEO and other key officers Annual Board and committee self-evaluations Annual individual assessments of directors Anti-hedging, anti-pledging and clawback policies All current non-employee directors comply with our stock ownership guidelines All executive officers achieved stock ownership requirements pursuant to our guidelines Board committee oversight of corporate responsibility, sustainability, cybersecurity, and human capital management Annual sustainability reporting via standalone Sustainability Report aligned with leading frameworks and standards Board committee oversight of political and lobbying activities and expenditures Executive Compensation Highlights Executive Compensation Objectives and Approach The Compensation and Talent Committee seeks to closely align pay with performance, rewarding executives for delivering results for Sandisk and its stockholders. Our compensation program is designed to offer market-competitive incentives to drive talent retention and incentivize excellence in performance and stockholder value creation. We are committed to setting executive compensation around value-driving metrics, rigorous performance hurdles, and meaningful at-risk pay to ensure accountability and alignment with stockholder interests. We are proud of the steps the committee took immediately following our separation from Western Digital to align executive compensation with Sandisk s strategic goals and stockholders interests. The second half of fiscal 2025 ( 2H Fiscal 2025 ) compensation design reflects the committee s goal of incentivizing leadership to execute a successful transition and position our company for long-term success. The committee looks forward to discussing the evolution of our compensation program for our first full fiscal year. For more information regarding our executive compensation practices, and our approach to drive accountability, transparency, and long-term value creation, please see page 35 . PG. 008 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Proposal 1 Election of Directors ( ) We are asking our stockholders to elect seven directors to our Board of Directors at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Defining attributes of our Board include: All directors elected annually by a simple majority of votes cast Six of seven director nominees are independent Independent Board leadership, consisting of a Lead Independent Director with clearly defined roles and responsibilities Skills and experience of directors aligned to business strategy and key areas of risk oversight Women currently serve in key Board leadership positions such as our Chairs of the Audit Committee and Compensation and Talent Committee ( ) Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR each of the seven director nominees named in this Proxy Statement Our Board of Directors is presenting seven nominees for election as directors at our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders ( Annual Meeting ). Each of the nominees is currently a member of our Board and was elected to our Board by our stockholder and former parent company, Western Digital Corporation ( WDC ), in connection with our separation from WDC that became effective February 21, 2025 (the Separation ). Each director elected at the Annual Meeting will serve until our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ) and until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until the director s earlier resignation. All of our director nominees joined our Board in connection with the Separation. Mr. Caulfield, Mr. Goeckeler, and Ms. Suzuki were identified and selected by the WDC board of directors, and Mr. Cassidy, Mr. Kumar, Mr. Sayiner, and Ms. Shook were identified and selected by the WDC board of directors with the assistance of a search firm. Each of the nominees has consented to be named in this Proxy Statement and to serve as a director if elected. If any nominee is unable or unwilling for good cause to stand for election or serve as a director if elected, the persons named as proxies may vote for a substitute nominee designated by our existing Board, or our Board may choose to reduce its size. As part of the Separation, Mr. Massengill and Ms. Alexy joined our Board to provide leadership continuity through the transition. As we believe the Company is now in a strong position to drive long-term success and value creation for its stockholders, Mr. Massengill and Ms. Alexy will not be nominated for reelection at the Annual Meeting and will cease their service on the Board of Directors when their terms expire immediately before the Annual Meeting. Vote Required for Approval Each director nominee will be elected as a director if the nominee receives the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to his or her election (in other words, the number of votes FOR a director must exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST that director). You may vote FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN with respect to each director nominee. Proxies received by our Board of Directors will be voted FOR each director nominee unless specified otherwise. Under our Bylaws, any incumbent director who fails to be elected must offer to tender his or her resignation to our Board. If the director conditions his or her resignation on acceptance by our Board, the Governance Committee or other designated Board committee will then make a recommendation to our Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation or whether other action should be taken. Our Board will act on the resignation and publicly disclose and explain its decision within 90 days from the date the election results are certified. The director who tenders his or her resignation will not participate in our Board s or the committee s decision. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 009 Nominees for Election Below is information about the experience and other key qualifications and attributes of each of our Board s seven director nominees. Richard B. Cassidy II Age: 74 Director Since: February 2025 Other Public Boards: Current : Microchip Technology Inc. Career Highlights Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company ( TSMC ), Arizona, an advanced semiconductor manufacturing fabrication Chairman, CEO, and former president (January 2020-July 2025) TSMC Ltd., a multinational semiconductor manufacturing company Senior vice president (2019-July 2025) President and CEO, North America (2004-2018) Skills Experience Supporting Board Nomination From his more than 45 years of experience in the semiconductor industry, including over 20 years in leadership roles, Mr. Cassidy brings to our Board deep expertise in both the technical and business areas of the industry. Additionally, Mr. Cassidy is a board member of the Global Semiconductor Alliance, an organization dedicated to the advancement of the worldwide semiconductor industry. Mr. Cassidy s executive and board roles, along with his financial experience, qualify him as an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules. Audit Compensation and Talent Governance Executive Committee Chair Chair of the Board PG. 010 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Thomas Caulfield Age: 66 Director Since: January 2025 Other Public Boards: Current : GlobalFoundries Inc. Past Five Years : Western Digital Corporation Career Highlights GlobalFoundries Inc., a multinational semiconductor contract manufacturing and design company Executive chair of the Board (April 2025-current) CEO (2018-April 2025) Senior vice president and general manager, Fab 8 semiconductor wafer manufacturing facility (2014-2018) Soraa, Inc., an LED lighting solutions company President and chief operating officer (2012-2014) Caitin Inc., a clean energy startup CEO (2010-2012) Skills Experience Supporting Board Nomination Having served as an executive in the technology industry for over 30 years, Dr. Caulfield brings crucial semiconductor technical and business expertise enabling our Board to oversee strategies to drive innovation and unlock stockholder value. Dr. Caulfield has direct experience leading various aspects of global technology companies ranging from research and development, to supply chain, to sales. Dr. Caulfield brings management experience as the former CEO of GlobalFoundries, as well as public company board experience as the executive chair of the board of GlobalFoundries. Audit Compensation and Talent Governance Executive Committee Chair Chair of the Board CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 011 David V. Goeckeler Age: 63 Director Since: January 2025 Other Public Boards: Current : Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Past Five Years : Western Digital Corporation Career Highlights Sandisk Corporation CEO and Chair of the Board (February 2025-present) Western Digital Corporation CEO (March 2020-February 2025) Cisco Systems, Inc., a multinational technology company Executive vice president and general manager, networking and security (2017-March 2020) Senior vice president and general manager, networking and security business group (2016-2017) Skills Experience Supporting Board Nomination With more than 30 years of experience in the technology industry, Mr. Goeckeler has a proven ability to set and implement the strategy of large, global technology franchises, including in his current position as our CEO. Mr. Goeckeler brings deep experience in technical and senior management positions, having previously positioned WDC, in his capacity as its CEO, to capitalize on opportunities in the shifting landscape through large-scale development projects and strategic acquisitions, culminating in the separation of Sandisk from WDC. Mr. Goeckeler s experience allows him to lead and manage our day-to-day operations, while overseeing the strategic direction of Sandisk. Audit Compensation and Talent Governance Executive Committee Chair Chair of the Board PG. 012 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Devinder Kumar Age: 70 Director Since: February 2025 Other Public Boards: Current : Ciena Corporation Career Highlights Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a multinational semiconductor company CFO (2013- January 2023) Treasurer (2015- January 2023) Corporate controller (2001-2012) Skills Experience Supporting Board Nomination Mr. Kumar has over 40 years of experience in the global semiconductor industry, including 10 years as CFO and executive vice president of AMD, Inc., a multinational semiconductor company. Mr. Kumar brings to our Board expertise in financial management, global experience, and in driving stockholder value through his experience leading the finance function at AMD as it experienced rapidly increasing market capitalization gains. Mr. Kumar is also currently chair of the audit committee of a public company. Mr. Kumar has global experience spanning North America, Asia, Europe and the Middle East, including spending 10 years in Asia in various leadership positions for AMD s manufacturing group across Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand and China. Mr. Kumar s executive and board roles, along with his financial experience, qualify him as an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules. Audit Compensation and Talent Governance Executive Committee Chair Chair of the Board CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 013 Necip Sayiner Age: 60 Director Since: February 2025 Other Public Boards: Current : Rambus, Inc.; Axcelis Technologies, Inc.; Teradyne, Inc. Past Five Years : Power Integrations, Inc. Career Highlights Renesas Electronics Corporation, a provider of semiconductor solutions Executive vice president and general manager (2017-2019) President, Renesas Electronics America (2017-2019) Intersil Corporation, a provider of power management and precision analog solutions President and CEO (2013-2017) Silicon Laboratories Inc., a fabless global technology and semiconductor manufacturer President and CEO (2005-2012) Skills Experience Supporting Board Nomination Dr. Sayiner brings over 20 years of expertise and leadership within the semiconductor industry, as a former CEO and executive leader at Renesas Electronics, Intersil and Silicon Laboratories. Dr. Sayiner brings a strong track record of building sustainable and profitable businesses, developing high caliber talent and establishing trust and transparency with stockholders, as well as technical expertise in data infrastructure, research and development, strategic planning, and large corporate transformations. Dr. Sayiner also served as the chairman of the Semiconductor Industry Association, from 2015 to 2016, and as vice chairman from 2014 to 2015. Audit Compensation and Talent Governance Executive Committee Chair Chair of the Board PG. 014 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Ellyn J. Shook Age: 62 Director Since: February 2025 Other Public Boards: Current : The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. Career Highlights Accenture plc., a global professional services company Accenture luminary, senior client advisor (March 2025 - present) Chief leadership and human resources officer (2014 to September 2024) Senior managing director, human resources (2011-2014) Lead, global human resources (2004-2011) Skills Experience Supporting Board Nomination Ms. Shook brings nearly 37 years of experience in global leadership, talent, and compensation strategy as the former chief leadership and human resources officer of Accenture. Ms. Shook also brings public company board experience and is currently chair of the compensation committee and member of the nominating and governance committee at The Baldwin Insurance Group. Ms. Shook has also led large scale talent transformations across waves of technology disruptions and is a renowned thought leader, creating pioneering research on people and work. Ms. Shook also serves as an executive committee member of the Peer Roundtable of Chief Human Resources Officers and as a member of the board of directors of the National Academy of Human Resources. Audit Compensation and Talent Governance Executive Committee Chair Chair of the Board CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 015 Miyuki Suzuki Age: 65 Director Since: January 2025 Other Public Boards: Current : Twilio Inc., MUFG, Inc. Past Five Years : Western Digital Corporation Career Highlights Cisco Systems, Inc., a multinational technology company President, Asia Pacific, Japan and China (2018-February 2021) President and general manager, Japan (2015-2018) Jetstar Japan, a Japanese airline President and CEO (2011-2015) KVH ( now Colt Technology Services Co., Ltd.), global digital infrastructure company President and vice chairman (2007-2011) Lexis Nexis Group Asia Pacific, a data analytics and research firm President and CEO (2004-2006) Skills Experience Supporting Board Nomination Ms. Suzuki is a seasoned leader in the technology and telecommunications industries contributing to our Board s comprehensive perspectives around the technology industry. Ms. Suzuki also has deep global operations experience across the Asia Pacific region, which provides valuable insight for our Board with our joint venture with Kioxia Corporation. Ms. Suzuki has substantial governance experience as a public company director at Twilio, a global software company, and MUFG, Inc., a Japan-based global bank and financial services firm, and private company board experience specific to Japan-based companies (Jera Co., Inc. and, previously, MetLife Japan). Audit Compensation and Talent Governance Executive Committee Chair Chair of the Board PG. 016 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Director Nominee Skills and Experience Our Board of Directors believes our nominees breadth of experience and mix of qualifications, attributes, and skills strengthen our Board s independent leadership and effective oversight of management. Independence Gender Age 86% Independent 29% Women 66 Years Average Independent Non-Independent Women Men 60-65 Years 65 Years Director Nominee Skills, Experience and Backgrounds Executive Semiconductor Data Infrastructure Strategic Transactions Manufacturing Operations and Infrastructure Technology/Innovation Global Finance and Accounting Cybersecurity Risk Management Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Human Capital Management Indicates expertise derived from direct and hands-on experience or direct managerial experience with the subject matter during his/her career Indicates experience derived through: (i) board or relevant committee membership at our company or another public company; (ii) executive leadership or board membership of a public company in the relevant industry; or (iii) consulting, investment banking, private equity investing or legal experience Our Board is highly qualified, deeply engaged, and exceptionally well-positioned to effectively oversee Sandisk and the execution of our long-term strategy. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 017 Description of Skills, Experience and Backgrounds The skills, experience and backgrounds that we value for our Board of Directors track our priorities of becoming an independent leader in flash-based products, driving stockholder value, and responsible governance and corporate stewardship. The below table provides an overview of the skills, experience, or background held by one or more of our Board nominees and why each is essential to the oversight and successful execution of our strategy and purpose. Board Skills, Experience, or Background Director Qualifications Alignment to Our Strategy and Business Purpose Executive Experience in executive-level positions Our scale and complexity benefit from insights gained from executive level experience and a practical understanding of complex organizations, strategic planning, governance, operations, talent development and risk management Semiconductor Experience in the semiconductor industry Our priority of becoming an independent leader in flash-based products is founded on a strong understanding of our business, technology, products and operations Data Infrastructure Experience in data infrastructure, including related software, hardware and data centers, storage, protection and management Our mission to unlock the potential of data by harnessing the possibility to use it is based on a comprehensive understanding of the challenges and opportunities our business faces with respect to data infrastructure Strategic Transactions Experience leading a company through a large transition, transformation, integration, merger or acquisition As a recently spun-off company, we benefit from insight on how to execute as a business that just completed a strategic transaction. Additionally, our strategic ventures have been key to our successes in our rapidly evolving industry, and transactional experience helps us identify and capitalize on strategic opportunities that unlock long-term value for our stockholders Manufacturing Experience with sophisticated, large-scale manufacturing Our business relies on complex distribution and supply chains, as well as smoothly operating manufacturing facilities globally Operations and Infrastructure Experience with complex, global operations Our path to advancing operational excellence and thriving in evolving market conditions is guided by insights in operational efficiencies and risk mitigation Technology/Innovation Experience in researching, developing or designing leading-edge technologies Our efforts to drive continued growth through innovation across our entire portfolio of products begin with a vision to pioneer new horizons Global Experience with businesses with substantial international operations Our global scale requires critical business and cultural perspectives that help us understand the strategic opportunities and risks relating to our business worldwide, including with respect to geopolitics and macroeconomics Finance and Accounting Experience overseeing accounting and financial reporting Our company necessitates robust financial management and accurate disclosure, including our Board s oversight of our financial reporting process and internal controls Cybersecurity Experience understanding and managing information technology and cybersecurity threats Our business and industry are becoming increasingly subject to cybersecurity attacks and the safeguarding of our assets depends on our Board s ability to oversee company efforts to identify and mitigate these risks Risk Management Experience in assessing and managing enterprise risks Our management of enterprise risks largely depends on our ability to detect, evaluate and control those risks, and skilled oversight by our Board promotes our compliance with legal obligations and overall long-term success Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Experience in assessing environmental, sustainability and climate-related risks and in responsible corporate citizenship Our efforts to address risks related to climate change, in support of further driving long-term value for our stockholders, are driven by our corporate sustainability policies and programs overseen by our Board, and our business and customer base necessitates our commitment to responsible corporate citizenship Human Capital Management Experience in human capital management in large organizations Our most valuable assets are our talented and global workforce, and our Board oversees our talent attraction, development and retention programs PG. 018 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Director Independence Our Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and our company regarding each director s business and personal activities, as well as those of the director s immediate family members, as they may relate to our company or our management. The purpose of this review is to determine whether there are any transactions or relationships that would be inconsistent with a determination that a director is independent under the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Based on its review, our Board has affirmatively determined that, except for serving as a member of our Board, none of our Board s non-employee director nominees (Messrs. Cassidy, Caulfield, Kumar, or Sayiner, or Mses. Shook, or Suzuki) and none of our other current non-employee directors who are not continuing on the Board following the Annual Meeting (Mr. Massengill and Ms. Alexy) has any relationship that, in the opinion of our Board, would interfere with such director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities as a director, and that each such director qualifies as independent as defined by the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Mr. Goeckeler is currently a full-time, executive-level employee of our company and, therefore, is not independent as defined by the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Director Meeting Attendance During fiscal 2025, representing approximately four months as a standalone company, our full Board of Directors met three times. Each of the directors who served during fiscal 2025 attended 75% or more of the aggregate number of Board meetings and meetings of the Board committees on which he or she served during fiscal 2025. Our Board strongly encourages each director to attend our annual meeting of stockholders. As a result of the Separation, we did not hold an annual meeting of stockholders in fiscal 2025. STRONG DIRECTOR ENGAGEMENT Average director attendance at fiscal 2025 Board and committee meetings: Board Audit Compensation and Talent Governance 100% 100% 100% 100% CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 019 Director Nominations and Board Refreshment Key Director Criteria The Governance Committee has adopted a policy regarding critical factors to be considered in selecting director nominees, which include: the nominee s personal and professional ethics, integrity and values; the nominee s intellect, judgment, foresight, skills, experience and achievements, all of which are viewed in the context of the overall composition of our Board of Directors; the absence of any conflict of interest or legal impediment to, or restriction on, the nominee serving as a director; having a majority of independent directors on our Board; and representation of the long-term interests of our stockholders as a whole and a mix of backgrounds and expertise, which are most needed and beneficial to our Board and our company. The Governance Committee commits to annually evaluate the size and composition of our Board and assess whether the composition appropriately aligns with our evolving business and strategic needs. Through this process, the Governance Committee develops a list of qualifications, skills and attributes to be considered when seeking and evaluating director candidates. Specific director criteria evolve over time to reflect our strategic and business needs and the changing composition of our Board. Director Candidate Pool Provision Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require the Governance Committee to include, and instruct any search firm it engages to include, women and members of underrepresented communities in the pool from which the committee selects director nominees. Director Nomination Process Step 1: Assess Our Board of Directors, led by the Governance Committee, evaluates the size and composition of our Board at least annually, and to consider the evolving skills, perspectives and experience needed on our Board to perform its governance and oversight role as our business transforms and the underlying risks change over time. Among other factors, the committee considers our strategy and needs, as well as our directors skills, expertise, experience, tenure, age and backgrounds. After assessing these factors, our Board will develop criteria for potential candidates to be additive and complementary to the overall composition of our Board. Specific director criteria evolve over time to reflect our strategic and business needs and the changing composition of our Board. Step 2: Identify The Governance Committee is authorized to use any methods it deems appropriate for identifying candidates for membership on our Board of Directors, including considering recommendations from incumbent directors, management or stockholders and engaging the services of an outside search firm to identify suitable potential director candidates. The committee will include, and instruct any search firm it engages to include, women and members of underrepresented communities in the pool of director candidates. Step 3: Evaluate The Governance Committee commits to establishing a process for evaluating director candidates that it will follow regardless of who recommends a candidate for consideration. Through this process, the committee will consider a candidate s skills, experience, outside commitments, including service on public company boards, and other available information regarding each candidate. For incumbent director candidates, this process is expected to include consideration of the results of the annual Board and committee evaluations during our first full fiscal year as an independent company. See the section entitled Board Processes and Policies Board and Committee Evaluations below. Following the evaluation, the committee recommends nominees to our Board. Step 4: Nominate Our Board of Directors considers the Governance Committee s recommended nominees, analyzes their independence and qualifications and selects nominees to be presented to our stockholders for election to our Board. PG. 020 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Stockholder Recommendations of Director Candidates The Governance Committee may receive recommendations for director candidates from our stockholders. A stockholder may recommend a director candidate to the Governance Committee by delivering a written notice to our Secretary at our principal executive offices and including the following in the notice: the name and address of the stockholder as they appear on our books or other proof of share ownership; the class and number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by the stockholder as of the date the stockholder gives written notice; a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and the director candidate and any other person(s) pursuant to which the recommendation or nomination is to be made by the stockholder; the name, age, business address and residence address of the director candidate and a description of the director candidate s business experience for at least the previous five years; the principal occupation or employment of the director candidate; the class and number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by the director candidate; the consent of the director candidate to serve as a member of our Board of Directors if appointed or elected; and any other information required to be disclosed with respect to a director nominee in solicitations for proxies for the election of directors pursuant to applicable rules of the SEC. The committee may require such additional information as it deems reasonably required to determine the eligibility of the director candidate to serve as a member of our Board of Directors. Stockholders recommending candidates for consideration by our Board in connection with the next annual meeting of stockholders should submit their written recommendation no later than June 1 of the year of that meeting. The committee will evaluate director candidates recommended by stockholders for election to our Board in the same manner and using the same criteria as it uses for any other director candidate. If the committee determines that a stockholder-recommended candidate is suitable for membership on our Board, it will include the candidate in the pool of candidates to be considered for nomination upon the occurrence of the next vacancy on our Board or in connection with the next annual meeting of stockholders. Board Refreshment Our Board of Directors believes that periodic Board refreshment can provide new experience and fresh perspectives to our Board and is most effective if it is sufficiently balanced to maintain continuity among Board members that will allow for the sharing of historical perspectives and experience relevant to our company. Our Board seeks to achieve this balance through its director succession planning process described below. Our Board will also utilize the annual Board and individual director assessment process discussed below under Board Processes and Policies Board and Committee Evaluations to help inform its assessment of our Board s composition and Board refreshment needs after our first full fiscal year as an independent company. Our Board commits to regularly evaluate its composition, in order to both add and maintain skills critical to overseeing our business as our strategy and oversight priorities evolve. Succession Planning Our Board of Directors is focused on ensuring that it has members with a variety of skills, expertise, experience, age, and backgrounds because a broad range of perspectives is critical to effective corporate governance and overseeing the execution of our strategy. The Governance Committee s long-range succession planning role is intended to help identify and recruit new directors but also ensures a smooth transition when succession needs arise. The committee will also oversee the orderly succession of our Chairs of the Board committees. Director Orientation and Education All incoming directors participate in a director orientation program. The orientation includes meetings with, and presentations by, the executive team and senior management on key topics, such as business and operations, governance policies and practices, finance, accounting and audit matters, and our products and technology. When directors accept new or additional responsibilities on our Board or on committees, they will be provided additional orientation and educational opportunities on relevant topics, as needed. Because our Board believes that ongoing director education is vital to the ability of directors to fulfill their responsibilities, we intend to invite external subject matter experts to present to our Board at least annually on emerging and evolving issues relevant to our business strategy. The Governance Committee will select the topics on which to focus. We also encourage directors to participate in external continuing director education programs, at our expense, and provide a list of external learning opportunities. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 021 Board s Role and Responsibilities Risk Oversight and Compensation Risk Assessment Board s Role in Risk Oversight Our management team is charged with managing risk and bringing to our Board of Directors attention all material risk exposures to our company. Our Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management process and exercises this risk oversight through both our full Board and its committees as further detailed below. Our enterprise risk management ( ERM ) process is designed to facilitate the identification, assessment, management, reporting and monitoring of material risks our company may face over the short-term and long-term and assure regular communication with our Board and its committees regarding these risks. Key risks are raised by management to the Audit Committee and the full Board. Our Chief Audit Executive, who manages the day-to-day activities of our ERM program, reports to our Board on enterprise risk assessment under our ERM program, providing updates on key risks, status of mitigation efforts and residual risk trends. Our Board consults with members of management, including those involved in ERM, and has access to external advisors to help monitor trends, identify potential threats and assess our company s risk environment. Risk areas identified in the ERM process help inform how we present the risks facing our company in the Risk Factors section of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is also reviewed with the Audit Committee. The independence of our Board and our Board leadership enhances our Board s ability to exercise its risk oversight. Through the authority of our Lead Independent Director to establish Board agendas, and call and preside at Board meetings and executive sessions of our independent directors as described under Board Structure Board Leadership Structure below, our current Board leadership structure offers mechanisms to facilitate our Board s exercise of its oversight responsibilities. This includes requiring management reports on specific risk exposures and requesting additional information or directing alternative actions with respect to management s recommendation on any risk matters as our Board may determine to be necessary or advisable. u Board of Directors Our Board meets periodically with our Chief Audit Executive to review our overall ERM program and policies. Throughout the year, our Board receives updates on specific risks and mitigating measures in the course of its review of our strategy and business plan, and through reports to our Board by its respective committees and senior members of management. t p Audit Committee Oversees ERM, internal audit and internal controls processes and policies and our Chief Audit Executive Oversees the following risk topics: Financial reporting, accounting, internal controls, fraud and capital structure Cybersecurity Legal and regulatory compliance, including our Ethics and Compliance program Legal and regulatory requirements regarding public disclosure of topics covered by our corporate responsibility and sustainability programs and related controls and procedures Tax and transfer pricing matters General business risks Compensation and Talent Committee Oversees the following risk topics: Compensation programs, policies and practices Equity and other incentive plans Recruiting, engagement and retention People programs, policies and practices, including talent attraction, engagement and retention and inclusion CEO succession planning and senior leadership development Governance Committee Oversees the following risk topics: Board and committee composition, including Board leadership structure Director succession planning Corporate governance policies and practices Corporate responsibility and sustainability policies and programs Corporate political and lobbying activities and expenditures p Management Each of our major business unit and functional area heads, with assistance from their staff, works with our ERM function to identify risks that could affect achievement of business strategies or objectives and develop risk mitigation measures, contingency plans and a consolidated risk profile that is reviewed and discussed with our CEO and CFO before presentation to the Audit Committee. On a regular basis, our ERM function reviews with senior management and the Audit Committee the risk profile and action plan progress, which are also made available to our Board. Our Chief Audit Executive also develops a risk-based internal audit plan utilizing the ERM consolidated risk profile. PG. 022 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Compensation Risk Assessment Consistent with SEC disclosure requirements, the Compensation and Talent Committee, working with its independent compensation consultant, reviewed our fiscal 2025 compensation policies and practices to determine whether they encourage excessive risk taking. The committee concluded that our compensation programs do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our company. Insider Trading Policy Our Board of Directors has adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, or other disposition of our securities by all members of our Board, officers, and employees of our company and its subsidiaries. We believe our Insider Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and applicable listing standards. Our Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because our Insider Trading Policy is designed to address transactions in our company s securities by our directors, officers, and employees, our Insider Trading Policy does not govern purchases of our securities by our company. Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility We keep people and businesses moving forward with inspired innovations to actualize their potential. The mobility, creativity, and potential that our products unlock for customers inspires us to innovate and deliver more for our customers today and everyday. Reflected in our values Innovation, Sustainability, Collaboration and Community and Responsible Leadership, we are committed to developing products and operating with people and the planet in mind. We know that every choice makes an impact on the world we share, which is why we prioritize environmental stewardship and keeping the people who power our operations and supply chain safe. Our commitment to environmental and social responsibility drives us to continuously evaluate, improve, and realize more efficient and resilient business operations. Our efficiency delivers value across the business, such as resource efficiency, product quality, reduced risks of misconduct and legal liability, enhanced reliability of our supply chain, and an engaged, healthy and productive workforce. We know that being an industry leader is not just about having talented employees or innovative products, it s also about doing business the right way, every day. That is why our commitment to corporate responsibility is deeply embedded throughout our business. We look forward to publishing our inaugural 2025 Sustainability Report in late calendar year 2025, which will be located on our website at www.sandisk.com/company/corporate-responsibility . Oversight by Our Board of Directors Sound corporate responsibility in all aspects of our business is a focus of our Board of Directors. The Governance Committee is responsible for assisting our Board in overseeing the development and maintenance of our corporate responsibility and sustainability policies, practices and programs, including our public sustainability reporting. The committee has specific responsibility for periodically reviewing our policies and practices related to human rights, environmental and climate change, political and lobbying activities and other topics designated by our Board from time to time. The committee will receive updates from our sustainability group and management regularly, including progress towards our sustainability initiatives or established targets or goals, and reviews trends, priorities and implementation of new sustainability initiatives. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the implementation of legal or regulatory requirements regarding public disclosure of topics covered by our corporate responsibility and sustainability programs and management s controls and procedures with respect to these disclosures. In addition, the Compensation and Talent Committee will periodically review our people policies and programs, including those focusing on talent attraction, engagement and retention, and other topics as may be designated by our Board from time to time. Our People We believe data should inspire every person to move, create, discover, share, and unlock their potential. For more information on our people, please refer to the human capital management section of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 21, 2025. Communication with Management We commit to having the following practices to promote clear, timely and regular communication between directors and management. Business Updates. Between Board meetings, our Board receives updates from our CEO and management, including on key company developments. Engagement with Management. Our Board regularly interacts with our CEO and management during and between Board meetings through meetings and informal gatherings of our Board and management. Meeting Agendas and Presentations. Our Lead Independent Director and committee Chairs regularly communicate with management to discuss the development of meeting agendas and presentations. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 023 Chief Executive Officer Evaluation and Succession Planning Evaluation The Compensation and Talent Committee reviews and approves our CEO s goals and objectives in concert with the full Board of Directors. The Compensation and Talent Committee Chair leads the evaluation of our CEO s performance against those goals and objectives by capturing input from our non-employee directors, which is then discussed with our Board. Following the evaluation of our CEO s performance, the committee determines and approves our CEO s compensation. Succession Planning The Compensation and Talent Committee oversees CEO and key management personnel succession planning. We plan for directors to engage with potential CEO and key management personnel successors at Board and committee meetings, as well as in less formal settings to allow directors to personally assess candidates. Furthermore, our Board will periodically review the overall composition of our key management personnel s qualifications, tenure and experience. Emergency Succession Our Board of Directors has also adopted an emergency CEO succession plan. The plan will become effective in the event our CEO becomes unable to perform his or her duties to minimize potential disruption or loss of continuity to our business and operations. Our emergency CEO succession plan will be reviewed annually by the Governance Committee and our Board. Stockholder Engagement We commit to regular, ongoing stockholder engagement to discuss our business, programs, and practices and solicit feedback for our Board s consideration and responsiveness. Our Board values stockholder feedback as a critical input in its deliberations and decision-making process. Members of our Board and executive team seek to meet with stockholders to discuss our business and gain valuable insights on investors perspectives on relevant topics, including, among others, strategy, governance, executive compensation, and sustainability. PG. 024 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Board Structure Board Leadership Structure CURRENT LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE David V. Goeckeler Matthew E. Massengill Our Board of Directors does not have a policy with respect to whether the roles of Chair of the Board and CEO should be separate and, if they are to be separate, whether our Chair of the Board should be selected from our non-employee directors or should be an employee. Our Board believes the Board s leadership structure at any point in time should be based upon an assessment of the needs of our Board and our company at the time after giving consideration to, among other things, our business plans, strategic opportunities and succession planning priorities. Our Board also considers the views of stockholders, including as it relates to director independence, as well as corporate governance and industry trends. We currently do not separate the roles of CEO and Chair of the Board, with Mr. Goeckeler currently serving as both CEO and Chair of the Board. Our Board believes this is the appropriate leadership for our company post-Separation, because it allows for faster decision-making and efficiency, promotes unified leadership and clear accountability, and reinforces deep operational knowledge. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that our Board will appoint a Lead Independent Director if our Chair of the Board is not an independent director under the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards or if our Board otherwise deems it appropriate. Since Mr. Goeckeler is our CEO and therefore not considered independent under the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, Mr. Massengill currently serves as our Lead Independent Director. Once Mr. Massengill s service ends, our Board intends to appoint a new Lead Independent Director. Our Lead Independent Director plays an important role in maintaining effective independent oversight of our company. During his tenure, Mr. Massengill s strong leadership skills, significant public company board experience, contributions to the Separation, and service as the Governance Committee Chair qualified him to serve as our Lead Independent Director. The responsibilities of our Chair of the Board and our Lead Independent Director are summarized in the following table: Chair of the Board Leads our Board of Directors in overseeing the management and direction of our company Calls meetings of our Board and stockholders Chairs meetings of our Board and the annual meeting of stockholders Establishes Board meeting schedules and agendas Calls executive sessions of our independent directors Engages in discussions with members of our management and our Board, as appropriate Engages in discussions with our stockholders and other stakeholders on relevant matters, as appropriate Communicates with all directors on key issues and concerns outside of Board meetings Lead Independent Director Acts as a liaison between our independent directors and management Assists our Chair of the Board in establishing the agenda for Board meetings Coordinates the agenda for and chairs the executive sessions of the independent directors Presides at the meetings of our Board of Directors in the absence of our Chair of the Board Be available for engagement with stockholders, as appropriate Performs such other duties as may be specified by our Board of Directors from time to time While our Chair of the Board and Lead Independent Director have authority to establish Board meeting agendas, propose actions for approval and represent the interests of our company and our Board in discussions with management and our stockholders, any specific actions taken in connection with these matters are exercised by our full Board or any Board committee to which authority has been delegated, and not by any individual director. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 025 Executive Sessions All members of our Board of Directors, other than our CEO, are independent. In connection with our efforts to support that our independent directors are not inappropriately influenced by management, the independent directors typically meet without management in executive sessions led by our Lead Independent Director in conjunction with each regularly scheduled meeting of our Board, and otherwise as deemed necessary by our other independent directors. At these executive sessions, our independent directors review, among other things, our strategy, financial performance, management effectiveness and succession planning. Our Chairs of each of the Board committees also lead regular executive sessions of each of the Board committees. These executive sessions allow independent directors to speak candidly on any matter of interest, without members of management present. Committees Our Board of Directors has standing Audit, Compensation and Talent, Governance and Executive Committees. Each of the standing committees operates pursuant to a written charter that is available on our website under Governance at investor.sandisk.com . Our Board has affirmatively determined that all members of the Audit, Compensation and Talent and Governance Committees are independent as defined under the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market and applicable SEC rules. Audit Committee Committee Members Kimberly E. Alexy (1) Richard B. Cassidy II Devinder Kumar Meetings Held in Fiscal 2025: 4 Committee Report: page 66 Key Responsibilities Directly responsible for appointing, compensating and overseeing independent accountants, with input from management Pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by our independent accountants Review annual and quarterly financial statements Review adequacy of accounting and financial personnel resources Oversee and appoint our chief audit executive and review our internal audit plan and internal controls Review and discuss with management risk assessment and enterprise risk management policies, including risks related to financial reporting, accounting, internal controls, fraud, capital structure, legal and regulatory compliance and cybersecurity Review and discuss with management the implementation of legal and regulatory requirements regarding public disclosure of topics covered by our corporate responsibility and sustainability programs and related controls and procedures Oversee ethics and compliance program Our Board has affirmatively determined that each member is an audit committee financial expert as defined by rules of the SEC. (1) Ms. Alexy has not been nominated for reelection at the Annual Meeting and her term of service will end immediately prior to the Annual Meeting. Our Board intends to appoint a third member and a new chair of the Audit Committee. PG. 026 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Compensation and Talent Committee Committee Members Ellyn J. Shook Thomas Caulfield Necip Sayiner Meetings Held in Fiscal 2025: 3 Committee Report: page 37 Key Responsibilities Evaluate and approve senior leadership compensation Review our people programs and initiatives, including talent attraction, engagement, and retention Review and make recommendations on non-employee director compensation Review and approve corporate goals and objectives for our CEO s and other officers compensation and evaluate our CEO s and other officers performance in light of those goals and objectives Oversee incentive and equity-based compensation plans and other employee benefits Review and recommend changes to benefit plans requiring Board approval Review, approve, oversee and administer our compensation recovery (clawback) policy applicable to executive officers Review and approve our stock ownership guidelines applicable to executive officers Oversee the CEO succession plan and senior leadership development program Governance Committee Committee Members Matthew E. Massengill (1) Necip Seyiner Miyuki Suzuki Meetings Held in Fiscal 2025: 2 Key Responsibilities Develop and recommend a set of corporate governance principles Evaluate and recommend the size and composition of our Board and committees and functions of committees Develop and recommend Board membership criteria Identify, evaluate and recommend director candidates Review corporate governance issues and practices Review directorships in other companies held by or offered to directors and executive officers Manage the annual Board and committee evaluation process Assist our Board in overseeing corporate responsibility and sustainability policies and programs and public reporting Review and oversee responses regarding stockholder proposals relating to corporate governance, corporate responsibility or sustainability matters Oversee our political and lobbying strategy, activities and expenditures (1) Mr. Massengill has not been nominated for reelection at the Annual Meeting and his term of service will end immediately prior to the Annual Meeting. Our Board intends to appoint a third member and a new chair of the Governance Committee. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 027 Executive Committee Committee Members David A. Goeckeler Kimberly E. Alexy (1) Matthew E. Massengill (1) Ellyn J. Shook Meetings Held in Fiscal 2025: 0 Key Responsibilities Has powers of our Board in management of our business affairs in between meetings of our Board, subject to applicable law or the rules and regulations of the SEC or the Nasdaq Stock Market and specific directions given by our Board (1) Ms. Alexy and Mr. Massengill have not been nominated for reelection at the Annual Meeting and their terms of service will end immediately prior to the Annual Meeting. Our Board intends to appoint one or more additional members of the Executive Committee. Employee Awards Committee Our Board of Directors has also established an Employee Awards Committee as a Board committee with limited delegated authority to approve and establish the terms of equity and cash awards granted to eligible participants. Mr. Goeckeler is currently the sole director serving on the committee. PG. 028 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Board Processes and Policies Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Ethics Our Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provide the framework for governance of our company and represent our Board s current views with respect to selected corporate governance issues considered to be of significance to stockholders, including: The role and responsibilities of our Lead Independent Director Director nomination procedures and qualifications Director independence Policies related to board refreshment and limitations on other board service Director orientation and continuing education Annual performance evaluations of our Board and committees Succession planning and management development Our Board of Directors has also adopted a Code of Business Ethics that applies to all of our directors, employees and officers. The current versions of the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Code of Business Ethics are available on our website under Governance at investor.sandisk.com . We intend to promptly disclose future amendments to certain provisions of the Code of Business Ethics, or waivers of such provisions granted to executive officers and directors, on our website under Governance at investor.sandisk.com , to the extent required by applicable rules and regulations of the SEC or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Director Overboarding Policy Our Board of Directors encourages directors to limit the number of other boards on which they serve to ensure that they are able to devote sufficient time and effort to properly discharge their duties and responsibilities as a member of our Board. In determining the appropriate number of outside directorships, directors should consider potential board attendance, participation and effectiveness on these boards. The table below summarizes the limits on the number of outside directorships under our overboarding policy set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Directors A director may not simultaneously serve on the boards of more than 5 public companies (including Sandisk) CEO Our CEO may not simultaneously serve on the boards of more than 2 public companies (including Sandisk) All incumbent directors are in compliance with our overboarding policy. Before accepting an invitation to serve on another board, a director must notify our Chair of the Board and our Chair of the Governance Committee. The Governance Committee reviews whether the position would affect the director s ability to serve on our Board (including potential conflicts of interest, independence, related person transactions and time commitments). The Governance Committee will review outside directorship positions and other time commitments annually as part of its review of director nominees and reviews the overboarding policy annually as part of its review of our Corporate Governance Guidelines. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 029 Board and Committee Evaluations Commencing with the first full fiscal year following the Separation, our Board will engage in a comprehensive annual Board and Board committee evaluation process. Our Board believes that a thorough evaluation process that encourages director engagement will foster constructive feedback and enhance our Board s overall effectiveness. Accordingly, the Governance Committee will oversee an annual performance evaluation process that includes the following: Thorough Evaluation Questionnaires Each director will complete a written questionnaire soliciting feedback on various topics, including: Board meetings and materials Board composition Board committee performance Relationships with management Communications among and between our Board and management Our Board s strategic oversight role Management and Board succession planning Overall Board effectiveness Discussions with Each Director An outside firm will compile and analyze the results of each written evaluation and will summarize the results on an aggregated and anonymous basis, which our Governance Committee Chair will discuss with each director to solicit further feedback. Results Discussed with the Full Board and Each Committee The full Board and each respective committee will discuss the performance evaluation results, and, if determined appropriate, will act on the feedback received. Individual Director Assessments As part of the annual performance evaluation process, each director will also complete a written self-evaluation covering various topics, including: Meeting attendance, preparation and participation Understanding of our business and strategy Relationships with management and other directors Our Lead Independent Director will discuss individual self-evaluation responses with each director. Evaluation Results The information collected during our Board evaluation process will be utilized by our Board to make decisions regarding Board structure, Board committees and their responsibilities, agendas and meeting schedules, changes in the performance or function of our Board and continued service of individual directors. The Governance Committee will oversee and monitor the actions taken as a result of the Board evaluations at each of its regular meetings. Communicating with Directors Our Board of Directors provides a process for stockholders to send communications to our Board or to individual directors or groups of directors. In addition, interested parties may communicate with our Chair of the Board or Lead Independent Director or with our independent directors as a group. Our Board recommends that stockholders and other interested parties initiate any communications with our Board (or individual directors or groups of directors) in writing. These communications should be sent by mail to our Secretary (please see page 70 for contact information). The name of any specific intended Board recipient or recipients should be clearly noted in the communication (including whether the communication is intended only for our Chair of the Board, Lead Independent Director or our non-employee directors as a group). Our Board has instructed our Secretary to forward such correspondence to the intended recipients unless such correspondence is purely commercial or frivolous in nature (such as spam), or otherwise obviously inappropriate for consideration. PG. 030 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Transactions with Related Persons Certain Transactions with Related Persons Material Agreements with WDC In connection with the Separation, our company and WDC entered into the agreements described below. The following are summaries of certain provisions of these agreements, which are qualified in their entirety by reference to all of the provisions of such agreements. Because these descriptions are only summaries of the applicable agreements, they do not necessarily contain all of the information that you may find useful. We therefore encourage you to review the agreements in their entirety. Copies of the agreements (or forms of the agreements) are included as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended June 27, 2025 and are available electronically on the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov . The Separation and Distribution Agreement The separation and distribution agreement sets forth our agreement with WDC regarding the principal transactions necessary to separate Sandisk from WDC, including the transfer of assets, assumption of liabilities, releases and indemnification obligations, insurance responsibilities, non-compete obligations, dispute resolution practices, access to information, confidentiality, treatment of shared contracts, any transfers to be completed following the distribution and the receipt of any related third party consents, access to insurance policies, and treatment of outstanding guarantees. The separation and distribution agreement also sets forth other agreements that govern certain aspects of our relationship with WDC after the completion of the distribution. The parties entered into the separation and distribution agreement immediately before the distribution of Sandisk common stock to WDC stockholders. Transition Services Agreement WDC and Sandisk entered into a transition services agreement (the TSA ) which governs the provision of transition services from WDC to Sandisk and from Sandisk to WDC. The TSA specifies the terms under which the transition services are provided. The charges for such services are generally intended to allow the service provider to recover its direct and indirect costs, generally without profit. Contemplated services include: (i) quality assurance, (ii) procurement, (iii) information technology, (iv) logistics management, (v) finance, (vi) human resources, (vii) engineering, (viii) corporate marketing, (ix) central operations, (x) sales operations, (xi) manufacturing, and (xii) research and development. The term of such services is expected to be no longer than eleven (11) months as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Tax Matters Agreement In connection with the Separation, WDC and Sandisk entered into a tax matters agreement that governs the parties respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to tax liabilities and indemnification, tax benefits, tax attributes, the preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax proceedings, tax-free status, and other matters regarding taxes. Pursuant to the tax matters agreement, Sandisk agreed to certain covenants that contain restrictions intended to preserve the tax-free status of the distribution and certain related transactions. In addition, during the two-year period after the date of the distribution, these covenants include specific restrictions on Sandisk which would be expected to result in the failure to preserve the tax-free treatment of these transactions. Employee Matters Agreement WDC and Sandisk entered into an employee matters agreement in connection with the Separation to allocate liabilities and responsibilities relating to employment matters, employee compensation and benefit plans and programs and other related matters. The employee matters agreement also sets forth the general principles relating to employee matters both with respect to domestic and international employees, including with respect to collective bargaining agreements, workers compensation, payroll matters, regulatory filings, paid time off, commencing or continuing participation in employee benefit plans, and the sharing of employee information. The employee matters agreement also governs the treatment of equity-based awards granted by WDC prior to the distribution and the treatment of WDC s employee stock purchase plan and cash transaction bonus payments. IP Cross-License Agreement WDC and Sandisk entered into an IP Cross-License Agreement (the IPCLA ) to facilitate freedom-to-operate with respect to non-trademark intellectual property for each company post-Separation. WDC granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual license to Sandisk (with respect to retained non-trademark intellectual property held by WDC) within a specified field of use, and Sandisk granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual license to WDC (with respect to divested non-trademark intellectual property held by Sandisk) within a specified field of use. Transitional Trademark License Agreement WDC and Sandisk entered into a Transitional Trademark License Agreement, pursuant to which WDC granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable, license to Sandisk (with respect to certain retained trademarks held by WDC), and Sandisk granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable, license to WDC (with respect to certain divested trademarks held by Sandisk). These licenses allow each company to rebrand, as necessary, and transition away from the other company s owned trademarks post-Separation, for a specified, limited transitional period. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 031 Stockholder s and Registration Rights Agreement WDC and Sandisk entered into a stockholder s and registration rights agreement (the SRRA ), pursuant to which Sandisk agreed that, upon the request of WDC, Sandisk will use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration under applicable federal and state securities laws of any shares of Sandisk common stock retained by WDC. In addition, pursuant to this agreement, WDC agreed to vote any shares of Sandisk common stock that it retains immediately after the Separation in proportion to the votes cast by our other stockholders. In connection with such agreement, WDC granted Sandisk a proxy to vote its shares of Sandisk common stock in such proportion. This proxy, however, will be automatically revoked as to any particular share upon any sale or transfer of such share from WDC to a person other than WDC, and neither the SRRA nor proxy will limit or prohibit any such sale or transfer. Other Related Party Transactions A child of Luis Visoso, our Executive Vice President and CFO, is employed by our company in a technical product management role with total target compensation of less than $250,000. Procedures for Approval of Related Person Transactions Our Board of Directors has established a Related Person Transaction Policy. The purpose of this policy is to describe the procedures used to identify, review, approve and disclose, if necessary, any transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which: (i) Sandisk was, is or will be a participant; (ii) the aggregate amount involved exceeds or is expected to exceed $120,000 in any fiscal year; and (iii) a related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. For purposes of the policy, a related person is: (i) any person who is, or at any time since the beginning of our last fiscal year was, one of our directors or executive officers or a nominee to become a director; (ii) any person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock (or any other class of voting securities); or (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons. Under the policy, once a related person transaction has been identified, the Audit Committee will review the transaction to consider whether the transaction should be approved, ratified, or rescinded, or whether other action should be taken. In determining whether to approve or ratify a related person transaction, the committee is to consider all relevant facts and circumstances of the related person transaction available to the committee. The committee may approve only those related person transactions that are in, or are not inconsistent with, our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, as the committee determines in good faith. No member of the committee will participate in the consideration of a related party transaction with respect to which that member or any member of his or her immediate family is a related person. PG. 032 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Director Compensation Fiscal 2025 Director Compensation Program for Non-Employee Directors We believe that it is important to attract and retain exceptional and experienced directors who understand our business, and to offer compensation opportunities that further align the interests of our non-employee directors with those of our stockholders. The Compensation and Talent Committee, with the assistance of its independent compensation consultant, regularly reviews our non-employee director compensation and market trends in director compensation (including non-employee director compensation practices at a group of peer companies) and evaluates the competitiveness and reasonableness of the compensation program in light of general trends and practices. The committee makes recommendations based on such review to our Board of Directors, which determines whether any changes should be made to our non-employee director compensation program. We established a compensation program for fiscal 2025 for each of our non-employee directors that generally consisted of a combination of annual cash retainers and restricted stock units ( RSUs ). As a part of the Separation, the WDC Compensation and Talent Committee reviewed an analysis of competitive market data and determined that our non-employee director compensation, which was based on WDC s fiscal 2024 director compensation, was appropriate for fiscal 2025. There are currently no planned changes to the non-employee director compensation program for fiscal 2026. The following section describes the elements and other features of our director compensation program for fiscal 2025 for non-employee directors. Non-Employee Director Cash Retainer Fees Cash retainer fees are paid to our non-employee directors based on Board and committee service from annual meeting to annual meeting and are paid in a lump sum immediately following the annual meeting marking the start of the year. The following table sets forth the schedule of annual cash retainer and committee membership fees for our non-employee directors for fiscal 2025. Type of Fee Current Annual Fee ($) Annual Retainer 85,000 Additional Committee Member Retainers: Audit Committee 15,000 Compensation and Talent Committee 12,500 Governance Committee 10,000 Additional Committee Chair Retainers: Audit Committee 25,000 Compensation and Talent Committee 22,500 Governance Committee 15,000 A non-employee director serving as Chair of a Board committee receives both the Additional Committee Chair Retainer and the Additional Committee Member Retainer for that committee. Non-employee directors who are appointed to our Board, a Board committee, or to one of our Chair positions noted above during the year are paid a pro rata amount of the annual retainer fees for that position based on service to be rendered for the remaining part of the year after appointment. With respect to the initial slate of our non-employee directors, members of the WDC Board of Directors who were appointed to our Board (Ms. Alexy, Mr. Caulfield, Mr. Massengill and Ms. Suzuki) received a pro rata amount of the annual retainer fees based on service to be rendered for the remaining part of fiscal year 2025 after appointment. Mr. Cassidy, Mr. Kumar, Mr. Sayiner, and Ms. Shook received full annual cash retainers. Non-employee directors do not receive a separate fee for each Board or committee meeting they attend. We reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred to attend each Board or committee meeting. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS PG. 033 Non-Employee Director Equity Awards Under our Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Program, each of our non-employee directors automatically received for fiscal 2025 an award of RSUs equal in value to $240,000 (or, in the case of our Lead Independent Director, $280,000). Non-employee directors typically receive the awards immediately following the annual meeting of stockholders if re-elected as a director at that meeting. In the case of a non-employee director who is newly elected or appointed after the date of the annual meeting, we grant a prorated award of RSUs for the year in which he or she is elected or appointed. For fiscal 2025, the initial RSU awards were granted shortly after the Separation and were pro-rated for the remaining portion of the year prior to our 2025 Annual Meeting based on the directors respective appointment dates. The number of RSU awards granted was calculated by dividing the applicable dollar amount by the average closing price of our common stock over the first five full trading sessions, commencing with the first trading session following the effective date of the Separation. On a go-forward basis, the number of RSU awards granted will be calculated by dividing the dollar amount by the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. The RSUs granted in fiscal 2025 vest 100% upon November 17, 2025 (the date immediately prior to the first annual meeting of stockholders that will be held after the grant date), subject to continued service through that date. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors We permit each non-employee director to defer payment of up to 80% of his or her annual cash compensation in accordance with our Deferred Compensation Plan. We also permit non-employee directors to defer payment of any RSUs awarded under our Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Program beyond the vesting date of the award. RSUs and other amounts deferred in cash by a director are generally credited and payable in the same manner as amounts deferred by our executive officers and other participants in our Deferred Compensation Plan as further described in the Fiscal 2025 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Table. Director Compensation Table for Fiscal 2025 The table below summarizes the compensation for fiscal 2025 for each of our non-employee directors serving on our Board of Directors in fiscal 2025. Mr. Goeckeler was a named executive officer for fiscal 2025 and did not receive any additional compensation for his services as a director during fiscal 2025. Information regarding his compensation for fiscal 2025 is presented in the Fiscal 2025 Summary Compensation Table and the related explanatory tables. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Total ($) Kimberly E. Alexy (2) 101,712 208,686 310,398 Richard B. Cassidy II 100,000 189,719 289,719 Thomas Caulfield 79,336 208,686 288,022 Devinder Kumar 100,000 189,719 289,719 Matthew E. Massengill (2) 89,507 243,500 333,007 Necip Sayiner 107,500 189,719 297,219 Ellyn J. Shook 120,000 189,719 309,719 Miyuki Suzuki 77,301 208,686 285,987 (1) The amounts shown reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of equity awards granted in fiscal 2025 computed in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 718 ( ASC 718 ) using the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. Mr. Massengill (our Lead Independent Director) was granted 4,840 RSUs. Mses. Alexy and Suzuki and Mr. Caulfield were granted 4,148 RSUs. Messrs. Cassidy, Kumar, and Sayiner and Ms. Shook were each granted 3,771 RSUs. (2) Ms. Alexy and Mr. Massengill have not been nominated for reelection at the Annual meeting and their terms will end immediately prior to the Annual Meeting. PG. 034 2025 PROXY STATEMENT The following table presents the aggregate number of shares of our common stock covered by unvested stock awards (and corresponding dividend equivalents that may be settled in stock) and deferred stock units held by each of our non-employee directors on June 27, 2025, which includes, for directors who were on the WDC board of directors, unvested WDC RSU awards that converted to unvested Sandisk RSU awards in connection with the Separation: Name Aggregate Number of Unvested Restricted Stock Units Aggregate Number of Deferred Stock Units Kimberly E. Alexy 5,401 Richard B. Cassidy II 3,771 Thomas Caulfield 9,841 Devinder Kumar 3,771 Matthew E. Massengill 4,840 Necip Sayiner 3,771 Ellyn J. Shook 3,771 Miyuki Suzuki 9,841 Director Stock Ownership Guidelines Under our director stock ownership guidelines, directors are generally prohibited from selling any shares of our common stock unless they own qualifying shares with a market value of at least $375,000, which include common stock, RSUs, deferred stock units and common stock beneficially owned by the director by virtue of being held in a trust, by a spouse or by the director s minor children. Shares the director has a right to acquire through the exercise of stock options (whether or not vested) do not count towards the stock ownership requirement. All of our current non-employee directors comply with our director stock ownership guidelines. PG. 035 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Listed below are our current executive officers, followed by a brief account of their business experience. Executive officers are normally appointed annually by our Board of Directors at a meeting immediately following the annual meeting of stockholders. There are no family relationships among these officers nor any arrangements or understandings between any officer and any other person pursuant to which an officer was selected. David V. Goeckeler | 63 Chief Executive Officer Mr. Goeckeler has served as our CEO since February 2025. Biographical information regarding Mr. Goeckeler is set forth in the section entitled Corporate Governance Matters Proposal 1: Election of Directors. Luis F. Visoso | 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Visoso has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, since February 2025. Mr. Visoso previously served as WDC s executive vice president and chief administrative officer from July 2024 until the completion of the Separation in February 2025. Prior to his roles at WDC, Mr. Visoso served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Unity Software Inc., a platform for creating and operating interactive, real-time 3D content, from March 2023 to July 2024 and senior vice president and chief financial officer from April 2021 to March 2023. Prior to that, Mr. Visoso served as chief financial officer of Palo Alto Networks from July 2020 to March 2021, and served in various roles at Amazon.com from December 2018 to July 2020, including as chief financial officer of Amazon Web Services. From 1993 to 2018, Mr. Visoso held various finance positions of increasing responsibility at Cisco Systems and The Proctor Gamble Company. Alper Ilkbahar | 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Mr. Ilkbahar has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, since March 2025. Mr. Ilkbahar served as senior vice president of global strategy and technology at WDC from February 2022 until the completion of the Separation in February 2025. Prior to that, he was the vice president of data center group and general manager of the Intel Optane Group at Intel Corporation, from September 2016 to February 2022. Between 2006 and 2016 Mr. Ilkbahar was vice president and general manager of several business units at the prior SanDisk Corporation. Additionally, Mr. Ilkbahar serves as a member of the board of directors of the Global Semiconductor Alliance. Mr. Ilkbahar earned a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from Bo azi i University in Istanbul, Turkey, a master s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Michigan, and an MBA degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He holds more than 50 patents in the fields of semiconductor process, device, design and testing and has published multiple conference and journal papers in his areas of expertise. Bernard Shek | 52 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Mr. Shek has served as our Chief Legal Officer and Secretary since February 2025. Prior to that, he served in various roles of increasing responsibility in WDC s legal department, including as senior vice president and deputy general counsel from October 2023 until the completion of the Separation in February 2025, and vice president and deputy general counsel from 2018 to October 2023. Between 2011 to 2016, Mr. Shek served as senior director and vice president of litigation at the prior SanDisk Corporation. Mr. Shek also previously practiced law at Vinson and Elkins and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP. PG. 036 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Proposal 2 Advisory Vote on Named Executive Officer Compensation ( ) The Compensation and Talent Committee designed an executive compensation program that provides: Strong linkage between management and stockholders interests Pay-for-performance alignment and rewards for long-term value creation Robust oversight by our Board and Compensation and Talent Committee ( ) Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR this Proposal 2 to approve on an advisory basis the executive compensation program for our named executive officers Proposal Details Our stockholders have the opportunity to cast a non-binding, advisory Say-on-Pay vote on the executive compensation of our named executive officers in accordance with the requirements of Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In Proposal 3 below, our Board has recommended that stockholders vote to hold future Say-on-Pay votes every year, and, accordingly, if every ONE YEAR is the preferred frequency approved by our stockholders in Proposal 3, we currently expect that our next advisory Say- on- Pay vote will be held at our 2026 Annual Meeting. Please read the section entitled Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis (and the various compensation tables and narrative discussions accompanying those tables included under Executive Compensation Tables and Narratives ) for information necessary to inform your vote on this Proposal 2. Board Recommendation and Vote Required for Approval Board Recommendation Our Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR approval, on a non-binding advisory basis, of our executive compensation program for our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement: RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to the SEC s executive compensation disclosure rules (which disclosure includes the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and the narrative discussion that accompanies the compensation tables), is hereby approved. Vote Required for Approval The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock represented in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on this proposal is required to approve this Proposal 2. You may vote FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN on this proposal. Proxies received by our Board of Directors will be voted FOR this Proposal 2 unless specified otherwise. While this vote is nonbinding on our company and our Board of Directors, our Board and Compensation and Talent Committee value the opinions of our stockholders and will consider the outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions for our named executive officers under our executive compensation program. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PG. 037 A Message From the Compensation and Talent Committee Dear Stockholders, 2025 marks a historic year and new chapter for Sandisk following our successful separation from Western Digital in February 2025. As Chair of Sandisk s newly formed Compensation and Talent Committee, I am pleased to present our inaugural CD A, detailing the immediate decisive actions we made following the separation to align executive compensation with our standalone strategy and to drive long-term stockholder value. Legacy Compensation Decisions Made by Western Digital Prior to the separation, many elements of fiscal 2025 s executive compensation program design, including the entire first half of the year ( 1H Fiscal 2025 ), were set by Western Digital s Compensation Talent Committee. Aspects of the executive compensation program that were set by Western Digital, in order to ensure a successful separation and align with market practices, include: Base salaries for CEO David Goeckeler and CFO Luis Visoso for fiscal 2025 1H Fiscal 2025 short-term incentive goals, opportunities and payouts, as well as short-term incentive opportunities for the second half of fiscal 2025 ( 2H Fiscal 2025 ) Treatment of outstanding Western Digital PSUs and RSUs, which were converted for Sandisk executives on terms consistent with those of Western Digital stockholders Transaction completion bonuses, payable in cash, for Sandisk executives, with one-year clawback terms Post-Separation Decisions to Drive a Successful Transition Following the separation, Sandisk s Compensation and Talent committee implemented a streamlined compensation program for 2H Fiscal 2025 to support critical execution and aggressive stockholder value creation goals. Recognizing the transitional nature of our first year as a standalone company, our compensation approach prioritized clarity, strategic alignment, and a focus on driving excellence. In Sandisk s first months post-separation, the committee: Awarded performance-based launch grants to immediately align executives interests with stockholder interests. The awards are fully contingent upon achieving ambitious stock price hurdles, with no payout unless substantial value is delivered to our stockholders Introduced clearly defined performance conditions to the 2H Fiscal 2025 short-term incentive program, while allowing flexibility to adapt to the evolving demands of Sandisk s entry into the public markets Adjusted the base salaries and short-term incentive opportunities for executives Alper Ilkbahar and Bernard Shek in connection with their promotions to critical leadership roles as Executive Vice President Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, respectively Compensation Program Evolution The Compensation and Talent Committee is actively evolving the go-forward compensation program to align with Sandisk s recently established long-term strategic goals to drive sustained value creation. We included information on the fiscal 2026 compensation program design decisions to inform stockholders of where we are headed and solicit their feedback. We look forward to connecting with many of you as we lay the foundation for Sandisk s future, building a market-leading flash storage company that powers next-generation digital experiences, drives innovation, and delivers long-term value to our stockholders. Thank you for your continued trust and support as we begin this exciting next chapter for Sandisk together. Sincerely, THE SANDISK COMPENSATION AND TALENT COMMITTEE Ellyn Shook, Chair Necip Sayiner Thomas Caulfield PG. 038 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Report of the Compensation and Talent Committee The Compensation and Talent Committee, comprised entirely of independent directors, reviewed and discussed the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on that review and discussion, the committee recommended to our Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Proxy Statement for our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders and incorporated by reference into our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. THE COMPENSATION AND TALENT COMMITTEE Ellyn J. Shook Necip Sayiner Thomas Caulfield Compensation and Talent Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Each of the committee members whose names appear on the Compensation Committee Report above were members of the committee during all of fiscal 2025 while Sandisk was a standalone company. All members of the committee during fiscal 2025 were independent directors and none of them were our employees or former employees or had any relationship with us requiring disclosure of certain transactions with related persons under SEC rules. There are no compensation committee interlocks between us and other entities in which one of our executive officers served on the compensation committee (or equivalent body) or the board of directors of another entity whose executive officer(s) served on the committee or our Board. Compensation Discussion and Analysis Our Named Executive Officers When we refer to our named executive officers for fiscal 2025 we mean: David V. Goeckeler Luis F. Visoso Alper Ilkbahar Bernard Shek Contents Fiscal 2025 Overview 39 Executive Compensation Objectives and Approach 42 2H Fiscal 2025 Executive Compensation Program Decisions and Outcomes 46 Fiscal 2026 Compensation Program Design and Decisions 51 Other Program Features and Policies 52 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PG. 039 Fiscal 2025 Overview Business Highlights After a successful separation from WDC, Sandisk launched as an independent, publicly traded company on February 24, 2025. While fiscal 2025, ending on June 27, 2025, reflects only a partial year of standalone operations, our leadership team delivered strong initial results and established a solid foundation for long-term value creation. Amidst a dynamic macroeconomic and industry environment, we delivered strong year-over-year improvements in our top-line and operating results, advanced our strategic priorities, and strengthened our market position as a standalone company. Revenue ($B) (1) Non-GAAP Operating Income ($M) (1) (1) Sandisk s revenue and non-GAAP operating income figures represent fiscal 2024 and 2025 figures, which include pre-Separation figures of the flash business unit of WDC. See Appendix A to this Proxy Statement for a reconciliation of GAAP operating income to non-GAAP operating income. Our results reflect the underlying strength of our business model, the disciplined execution of our executive team through the successful Separation, and our ability to adapt quickly to meet market expectations. PG. 040 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Separation-Related Compensation Decisions Our Compensation and Talent Committee designed a compensation program for the second half fiscal 2025 ( 2H Fiscal 2025 ) that supported Sandisk s business strategy through the initial post-Separation phase and immediately aligned executive interests with those of our stockholders. The design reflects the strategic intent of the spin-off: to unlock stockholder value by establishing Sandisk as a pure-play leader in flash storage. Western Digital s Compensation and Talent Committee s oversight of Sandisk s executive compensation programs ended at the Separation. All decisions with respect to the compensation of our named executive officers following the Separation have been made by Sandisk s Compensation and Talent Committee. Pre-Separation 2025 Compensation Decisions Western Digital s Compensation and Talent Committee Prior to February 21, 2025 Post-Separation 2025 Compensation Decisions Sandisk s Compensation and Talent Committee Following February 21, 2025 Annual Compensation Decisions WDC s Compensation and Talent Committee made all compensation decisions for executives, including base salary, first half fiscal 2025 ( 1H Fiscal 2025 ) short-term incentive ( STI ) plan awards, and long-term incentive ( LTI ) plan awards Determined the base salaries for Mr. Goeckeler and Mr. Visoso for fiscal 2025 Established six-month STI plan goals to align with the anticipated timing of the Separation and approved fiscal 2025 annual cash incentive opportunities for 1H Fiscal 2025, with Sandisk s Compensation and Talent Committee determining 2H Fiscal 2025 STI plan performance conditions and STI opportunities Granted fiscal 2025 LTI awards in WDC stock, which were converted int