=== SNDK_2025-08-21.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any of those made in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect new information or events after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. WEBSITE REFERENCES In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we make references to our website at www.sandisk.com . References to our website through this Form 10-K are provided for convenience only and the content on our website does not constitute a part of, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 4 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Separation from Western Digital Corporation Prior to February 21, 2025, we were wholly owned by Western Digital Corporation ( WDC ). As of February 21, 2025, we separated from WDC (the separation ) and became a standalone publicly traded company, trading under the stock symbol SNDK on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. For more information about the separation, see Part II, Item 7., Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation and Part II, Item 8., Note 1, Organization, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. General Sandisk is a leading developer, manufacturer and provider of data storage devices and solutions based on NAND flash technology. With a differentiated innovation engine driving advancements in storage and semiconductor technologies, our broad and ever-expanding portfolio delivers powerful flash storage solutions for AI workloads in datacenters, edge devices, and consumers. Our technologies enable everyone from students, gamers, and home offices to the largest enterprises and public clouds to produce, analyze, and store data. Our solutions include a broad range of solid-state drives, embedded products, removable cards, universal serial bus drives and wafers and components. Our broad portfolio of technology and products addresses multiple end markets of Cloud, Client and Consumer. Through the Client end market, we provide our original equipment manufacturer and channel customers a broad array of high-performance flash solutions across personal computer, mobile, gaming, automotive, virtual reality headsets, at-home entertainment, and industrial spaces. The Consumer end market is highlighted by our broad range of retail and other end-user products, which capitalizes on the strength of our product brand recognition and vast presence around the world. Cloud is comprised primarily of products for datacenters, cloud service providers, and private cloud customers. We hold a strong position in the Consumer end market and have significant consumer brands and franchises globally, with valuable patent portfolios containing approximately 7,900 granted patents and approximately 3,200 pending patent applications worldwide. We have extensive customer, partner and channel relationships across a number of end-markets and geographies and have a rich heritage of innovation and operational excellence, a wide range of intellectual property assets, broad research and development capabilities and large-scale, efficient manufacturing supply chains. The strong growth in the amount, value and use of data continues, creating a global need for larger, faster, and more capable storage solutions. We are a customer-focused organization that has developed deep relationships with industry leaders to continue to deliver innovative solutions to help users capture, store and transform data across a boundless range of applications. We help original equipment manufacturers address storage opportunities and solutions to capture and transform data into a myriad of devices and edge technologies. We have also built strong consumer brands with tools to manage vast libraries of personal content and to push the limits of what s possible for storage. At Sandisk, we continue to transform ourselves to address the growth in data by providing what we believe to be the broadest range of storage technologies in the industry with a comprehensive product portfolio and global reach. Industry We operate in the data storage industry. The ability to access, store and share data from anywhere on any device is increasingly important to our customers and end users. From the intelligent edge to the cloud, data storage is a fundamental component underpinning the global technology architecture. Our strengths in innovation and cost leadership, diversified product portfolio and broad routes to market provide a foundation upon which we are solidifying our position as an essential building block of the digital economy. We believe there is a tremendous market opportunity flowing from the rapid global adoption of the technology architecture built with cloud infrastructure tied to intelligent endpoints all connected by high-performance networks. The value and urgency of data storage at every point across this architecture have never been clearer. The increase in computing complexity and advancements in artificial intelligence, along with growth in cloud computing applications, connected mobile devices and Internet-connected products, and edge devices is driving unabated growth in the volume of digital content to be stored and used. We believe our expertise and innovation in flash technology enable us to bring powerful solutions to a broader range of applications. We continuously monitor the full array of flash-based storage technologies, including reviewing these technologies with our customers, to ensure we are appropriately resourced to meet our customers storage needs. Flash Technology 5 Table of Contents Flash products provide non-volatile data storage based on flash technology. We develop and manufacture solid state storage products for a variety of applications including enterprise or cloud storage, client storage, automotive, mobile devices and removable memory devices. Over time, we have successfully developed and commercialized successive generations of 2- and 3-dimensional flash technology with increased numbers of storage bits per cell in an increasingly smaller form factor, further driving cost reductions. We devote significant research and development resources to the development of highly reliable, high-performance, cost-effective flash-based technology and are continually pursuing developments in next-generation flash-based technology capacities. We are leveraging our expertise, resources and strategic investments in non-volatile memories to explore a wide spectrum of persistent memory and storage class memory technologies. We have also initiated, defined and developed standards to meet new market needs and to promote wide acceptance of flash storage standards through interoperability and ease of use. Our Data Solutions Our broad portfolio of technology and products addresses multiple end markets of Cloud, Client and Consumer and are comprised of the Sandisk brand. Certain of our products will also be sold for a limited transitional period under the Western Digital , WD and other brands under license from WDC. Cloud represents a large and growing end market comprised primarily of products for public or private cloud environments and enterprise customers. We provide the Cloud end market with an array of high-performance enterprise solid state drives. Our high-performance enterprise class solid state drives include high-performance flash-based solid state drive and software solutions that are optimized for performance applications providing a range of capacity and performance levels primarily for use in enterprise servers and supporting high-volume online transactions, AI-related workloads, data analysis and other enterprise applications. Through the Client end market, we provide numerous data solutions that we incorporate into our client s devices, which consist of solid state drive desktop and notebook PCs, gaming consoles and set top boxes, as well as flash-based embedded storage products for mobile phones, tablets, notebook PCs and other portable and wearable devices, automotive applications, Internet of Things, and industrial and connected home applications. Our solid state drives are designed for use in devices requiring high performance, reliability and capacity with various attributes such as low cost per gigabyte, quiet acoustics, low power consumption and protection against shocks. We serve the Consumer end market with a portfolio of solid state drives and removable flash, including cards and universal serial bus flash drives, through our retail and channel routes to market. We offer client portable solid state drives with a range of capacities and performance characteristics to address a broad spectrum of the client storage market. Our removable cards are designed primarily for use in consumer devices, such as mobile phones, tablets, imaging systems, cameras and smart video systems. Our universal serial bus flash drives are used in the computing and consumer markets and are designed for high performance and reliability. Competition Our industry is highly competitive. We believe we are well positioned with our leading flash product portfolio, premium consumer brand, differentiated semiconductor innovation engine and leadership in driving cost efficiency. Nevertheless, we face strong competition from other manufacturers of flash in the Cloud, Client and Consumer end markets. We compete with vertically integrated suppliers such as Kioxia, Micron Technology, Inc., Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., SK Hynix, Inc., Yangtze Memory Technologies Co., Ltd. and numerous smaller companies that assemble flash into products. Business Strategy Our overall strategy is to leverage our innovation, technology and execution capabilities to be an industry-leading and broad-based developer, manufacturer and provider of storage devices and solutions that support the infrastructure that has enabled the unabated proliferation of data. We strive to successfully execute our strategy through the following foundational elements in order to create long-term value for our customers, partners, investors and employees: Innovation and Cost Leadership : We continue to innovate and develop advanced technologies across platforms to deliver timely new products and solutions to meet growing demands for scale, performance and cost efficiency in the market. Broad Product Portfolio : We leverage our capabilities in firmware, software and systems to deliver compelling and differentiated integrated storage solutions to our customers that offer the best combinations of performance, cost, power consumption, form factor, quality and reliability, while creating new use cases for our solutions in emerging markets. 6 Table of Contents Operational Excellence : We are focused on delivering the best value for our customers in Cloud, Client and Consumer end markets through a relentless focus on appropriately scaling our operations to efficiently support business growth; achieving best in class cost, quality and cycle-time; maintaining industry leading manufacturing capabilities; and having a competitive advantage in supply-chain management. Our strategy provides the following benefits, which distinguish us in the dynamic and competitive data storage industry: a varied product portfolio that establishes us as a leading developer and manufacturer of integrated products and solutions, making us a more strategic supply partner to our customers; efficient and flexible manufacturing capabilities, allowing us to leverage our flash research and development and capital expenditures to deliver innovative and cost-effective storage solutions to multiple markets; deep relationships with industry leaders across the data ecosystems that give us the broadest routes to market; and industry leading consumer brand awareness and global retail distribution presence. Research and Development We devote substantial resources to the development of new products and the improvement of existing products. We focus our engineering efforts on optimizing our product design and manufacturing processes to bring our products to market in a cost-effective and timely manner. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Patents, Licenses and Proprietary Information We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect our intellectual property rights. We have approxima tely 7,900 granted patents and approximately 3,200 pending patent applications worldwide. We continually seek additional U.S. and international patents on our technology. We belie ve that, although our active patents and patent applications have considerable value, the successful manufacturing and marketing of our products also depend upon the technical and managerial competence of our staff. Accordingly, the patents held and applied for cannot alone ensure our future success. In addition to patent protection of certain intellectual property rights, we consider elements of our product designs and processes to be proprietary and confidential. We believe that our non-patented IP, particularly some of our process technology, is an important factor in our success. We rely upon non-disclosure agreements, contractual provisions and a system of internal safeguards to protect our proprietary information. Despite these safeguards, there is a risk that competitors may obtain and use such information. The laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business may provide less protection for confidential information than the laws of the U.S. We rely on certain technology that we license from other parties to manufacture and sell our products. We believe that we have adequate cross-licenses and other agreements in place in addition to our own intellectual property portfolio to compete successfully in the storage industry. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Manufacturing We believe that we have significant know-how, unique product manufacturing processes, test and tooling, execution skills, human resources and training to continue to be successful and to adjust our manufacturing operations as necessary. We strive to maintain manufacturing flexibility, high manufacturing yields, reliable products and high-quality components. The critical elements of our production are high volume and utilization, low-cost assembly and testing, strict adherence to quality metrics and maintaining close relationships with our strategic component suppliers to access best-in-class technology and manufacturing capacity. We continually monitor our manufacturing capabilities to respond to the changing requirements of our customers and maintain our competitiveness and position as a data technology leader. Flash manufacturing requires complex processes involving the production and assembly of precision components with narrow tolerances and rigorous testing. The manufacturing processes involve a number of steps that are dependent on each other and occur in clean room environments. These processes require skill in process engineering and efficient space utilization in order to keep the operating costs of these specialized manufacturing environments under control. We continually evaluate our manufacturing processes in an effort to increase productivity, sustain and improve quality and decrease manufacturing costs. We continually evaluate which steps in the manufacturing process would benefit from automation and how automated manufacturing processes can improve productivity and reduce manufacturing costs. We also leverage contract manufacturers when strategically advantageous. 7 Table of Contents Operations Our flash offerings consist of flash-based memory, controllers and firmware and other components. Substantially all of our flash-based memory is obtained from our joint ventures with Kioxia, which provides us with leading-edge, high-quality and low-cost flash memory wafers. While substantially all of our flash memory supply utilized for our products are purchased from these ventures, from time to time we also purchase flash memory from other flash manufacturers. Controllers are primarily designed in-house and manufactured by third-party foundries or acquired from third-party suppliers. Our assembly and test operations comprise in-house assembly and test facilities located in Penang, Malaysia and other contract manufacturers, and the assembly and test facility owned and operated by SDSS Venture. SDSS is 20% owned by Sandisk and 80% owned by JCET Management Co., Ltd. We believe the use of our in-house assembly and test facilities and manufacturing partners provide flexibility and give us access to increased production capacity. We and Kioxia currently operate three business ventures, Flash Partners Ltd., Flash Alliance Ltd. and Flash Forward Ltd., (collectively, Flash Ventures ) across seven flash-based manufacturing facilities in Japan, six of which are located in Yokkaichi, Japan and one of which is located in Kitakami, Japan. Flash Ventures will begin flash-based manufacturing operations at an eighth facility in Japan in calendar year 2025. Through Flash Ventures, we and Kioxia collaborate in the development and manufacture of flash-based memory wafers using semiconductor manufacturing equipment owned or leased by each of the Flash Ventures entities. We co-develop flash technologies (including process technology and memory design) with Kioxia for Flash Ventures use. We and Kioxia jointly own these co-developed flash technologies. We and Kioxia also contribute to the collaboration and license to each other technologies that are independently developed and owned by each of us and are reasonably necessary to our joint development or manufacture of flash-based memory. We hold a 49.9% ownership position in each of the Flash Ventures entities. We jointly control the operations of Flash Ventures with Kioxia, and we believe our participation in Flash Ventures helps us reduce product costs, increases our ability to control the quality of our products and speeds delivery of our products to our customers. Kioxia owns the facilities and provides wafer manufacturing services to Flash Ventures at cost using manufacturing equipment owned or leased by Flash Ventures and process technologies co-owned or contributed by us and Kioxia. Flash Ventures accounts for approximately 80% of the total manufacturing capacity in the facilities owned by Kioxia. We and Kioxia are entitled to purchase a share of Flash Ventures output, which generally equals 50% each. The price for which we and Kioxia pay Flash Ventures for flash memory wafers is cost plus a small markup. We are obligated to pay for variable costs incurred in producing our share of Flash Ventures flash-based memory wafer supply based on a rolling forecast. In addition, we are obligated to pay for half of Flash Ventures fixed costs regardless of the output we choose to purchase. The Company s 49.9% interest in the earnings of the Flash Ventures entities is recognized one quarter in arrears, reported in Other expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. While Flash Ventures is operating, we and Kioxia are restricted from working with third parties to manufacture flash-based memory or from fabricating flash-based memory beyond the capacity specified in our agreements with Kioxia. In addition, we may not manufacture flash-based memory ourselves except to the extent that we acquire the manufacturing capacity of a Flash Ventures entity as a result of such entity s dissolution or termination of its joint venture agreements or upon our acquisition of all the ownership interests in such entity. The agreements governing the operations of the Flash Ventures entities also set out a framework for any investment by the joint venture partners in flash manufacturing capacity. We have jointly invested, and intend to continue to jointly invest, with Kioxia in the manufacturing equipment needed to support Flash Ventures flash manufacturing operations. In addition, we are obligated to fund 49.9% to 50.0% of capital investments that a Flash Ventures entity decides to make to the extent that the Flash Ventures entity s operating cash flow is insufficient to fund these investments. Each Flash Ventures entity operates for a set amount of time as agreed between us and Kioxia. Since the start of Flash Ventures, we and Kioxia have extended the term for all three of the Flash Ventures entities. Absent further extensions as mutually agreed between us and Kioxia, Flash Partners Ltd. and Flash Alliance Ltd. are currently set to expire on December 31, 2029, and Flash Forward Ltd. is currently set to expire on December 31, 2034. Each Flash V entures entity s joint venture agreements may also be terminated earlier upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including earlier dissolution by agreement of the parties or an event of default or bankruptcy. Upon the expiration of a Flash Ventures entity s joint venture agreements, the applicable Flash Ventures entity will commence a wind-up process and be dissolved. Net proceeds from the dissolution will be distributed in kind or cash to us and Kioxia on a pro rata basis based on our respective ownership positions. The applicable Flash Venture entity will continue to operate during the period of winding up. On January 24, 2025, the Company and WDC entered into an equity transfer agreement (the Equity Transfer Agreement ) to transfer WDC s entire equity interest in Unisplendour Corporation Limited and Unissoft (Wuxi) Group Co. Ltd. ( Unis ), referred to as the Unis Venture, to the Company. The Unis Venture is 48% owned by the Company and 52% owned by Unis. The Unis Venture markets and sells the Company s products in China . 8 Table of Contents Prior to the execution of the Equity Transfer Agreement, the Unis Venture was not historically managed as a component of the Company and as such, the related equity method investment was not reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Following the execution of the Equity Transfer Agreement, the Company accounts for its investment in the Unis Venture under the equity method of accounting. The Company s 48% interest in the earnings of the Unis Venture will be recognized one quarter in arrears from the date the Unis Venture was transferred to the Company and will be reported in Other expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Materials and Supplies Our products consist of flash-based memory, controllers and firmware and other components. Following our separation from Western Digital, the Company has independently maintained strategic relationships with Flash Ventures and other key suppliers, and our supply relationships are now governed independently under the Company s standalone procurement structure. We continue to source flash memory and components primarily through these partnerships, while independently managing our supplier portfolio to balance business continuity, cost efficiency, and risk mitigation. Substantially all of our flash memory wafers are currently obtained from Flash Ventures. From time to time, we also purchase flash memory wafers from other flash manufacturers. Controllers are primarily designed in-house and manufactured by third-party foundries or acquired from third-party suppliers. We believe the use of our assembly and test facilities, as well as contract manufacturers, provides flexibility and gives us access to increased production capacity. We generally retain multiple suppliers for our component requirements, but for business or technology reasons we source some of our components from a limited number of sole or single source providers. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Sales and Distribution We sell our products to computer manufacturers and original equipment manufacturers, cloud service providers, resellers, distributors and retailers throughout the world. We maintain sales offices in selected parts of the world including the major geographies of the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East. Our international sales, which include sales to foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies but do not include sales to U.S. subsidiaries of foreign companies, represented 80%, 86% and 81% of our net revenue for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Sales to international customers are subject to certain risks not normally encountered in domestic operations, including exposure to tariffs and various trade and other regulations. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We perform our marketing and advertising functions both internally and through outside firms utilizing both consumer media and trade publications targeting various reseller and end-user markets. We also maintain customer relationships through direct communication and by providing information and support through our website. In accordance with standard storage industry practice, we provide distributors and retailers with limited price protection and programs under which we reimburse certain marketing expenditures. We also provide distributors, resellers and original equipment manufacturers with other sales incentive programs. For 2025 and 2024, no customer accounted for more than 10% of our net revenue. For 2023, one customer accounted for 15% of our net revenue. Seasonality Historically, we have experienced seasonal fluctuations in our business with higher levels of demand in the first and second fiscal quarters as a result of increased customer spending. Seasonality can also be impacted by cyclicality in the industry and macroeconomic conditions. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Service and Warranty We generally warrant our newly manufactured products against defects in materials and workmanship from one to five years from the date of sale, depending on the type of product, with a small number of products having a warranty ranging up to ten years or more. Our warranty obligation is generally limited to repair or replacement. We have engaged third parties in various countries in multiple regions to provide various levels of testing, processing or recertification of returned products for our customers. For additional information regarding our service and warranty policy, see Part II, Item 8., Note 1, Organization, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5, Supplemental Financial Statement Data of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 9 Table of Contents Human Capital Management Our People We believe data should inspire every person to move, create, discover, share, and unlock their potential. Our investment in our people seeks to empower our employees to develop breakthrough Flash memory solutions for our customers and drive meaningful impact for our stakeholders. As of June 2025, our global team includes approximately 11,000 employees across 33 countries 73% in Asia Pacific, 19% in the Americas, and 8% in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Belonging To attract and retain top talent, we are committed to fostering a culture where every individual feels a sense of belonging, respect, and collaboration. We continue to evolve our approach to community and connection in the workplace through innovative, employee-led groups that reflect the variety of identities, interests, and aspirations of our people. While our Employee Resource Groups remain a cornerstone in celebrating the unique backgrounds and experiences of our employees, we are expanding the scope of these communities to include shared interests, hobbies, and areas of personal and professional growth. These evolving employee-led communities create meaningful opportunities for connection, learning, and engagement, enabling employees to bring their whole selves to work and contribute creatively to our culture. Together, these communities reinforce our commitment to our core values of Innovation, Collaboration, Winning, Agility, and Openness. Talent Development and Engagement We believe in supporting our people through learning and development opportunities and our pay-for-performance philosophy. To help our employees reach their full potential, we aim to cultivate an environment that encourages learning, development, and career growth. Our performance framework includes developing goals collaboratively through transparent and actionable feedback through regular performance discussions. Our new on-demand learning management system offers learning activities and tools to help employees chart their career journey and track their progress. We also provide upskilling and reskilling opportunities to our factory employees through on-the-job training, technical classes, workshops, and partnerships with universities and colleges. We believe that ongoing engagement is key to retention and prioritize these efforts by listening to and identifying opportunities to strengthen employee engagement, while influencing our overall strategy. As part of this commitment, we solicit feedback through a variety of methods, including engagement surveys, which are a valuable tool to capture employee sentiment and identify clear, actionable ways to improve the employee experience. Compensation and Benefits We believe recognition and rewards are essential to attracting, retaining, and motivating top talent, especially in our dynamic and complex industry. Our approach to compensation is rooted in flexibility, competitiveness, and responsiveness to the unique needs of our workforce and the evolving local talent markets in which we operate. We offer a modern Total Rewards strategy that goes beyond traditional compensation by incorporating employee choice, creativity, and ongoing feedback. Our programs include a mix of base salary, short-term and long-term incentives, and regionally tailored benefits. These are informed by annual benchmarking that uses third-party market data, as well as proactive engagement with our employees through focus groups, listening sessions, and surveys. This ongoing dialogue helps us identify new opportunities and tailor offerings that align with employee priorities and expectations. In addition, we invest in the physical, mental, and financial well-being of our employees through a differentiated suite of benefits that reflect local needs while staying true to our global culture and values. These benefits which may include health coverage, life and disability insurance, retirement plans, paid time off, employee assistance programs, and an employee stock purchase plan empower employees to make choices that support their personal and professional goals. Health and Safety We are committed to creating a safe work environment everywhere we operate. We provide extensive health and safety resources and training to all our employees, including additional training to those who work in manufacturing and operations through an integrated system to manage health and safety standards at our facilities. Government Regulation Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules and regulations of the United States (the U.S. ) as well as of foreign governments. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, the environment, consumer and data protection, employee health and safety and taxes, could have a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, competitive position and overall business in subsequent periods. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 10 Table of Contents Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability We believe responsible and sustainable business practices support our long-term success. As a company, we strive to protect and support our people, our environment and our communities. This commitment to better is why we support sustainability-focused initiatives to minimize our impacts in day-to-day operations and in our long-term strategic plans. Initiatives range from fostering an inclusive workplace, continuously improving the efficient use of materials and energy, active and mindful management of our supply chain, and impactful, globally integrated ethics and compliance programs. We strive to protect the human rights and civil liberties of our employees and partners through policies, procedures and programs that avoid risks of compulsory and child labor, both within our company and throughout our supply chain. We foster a workplace of dignity, respect, and inclusion through our recruiting, professional development and advancement practices, internal communications and employee engagement initiatives. We strive to educate our employees at least annually on relevant ethics and compliance topics, publish accessible guidance on ethics and compliance-related issues and available company resources in our Global Code of Conduct and encourage reporting of ethical concerns through any of several global and local reporting channels. We use a robust integrated management system, with associated policies and procedures, to evaluate and manage occupational health and safety risks, environmental compliance and chemical and hazardous substance risks. We seek to minimize our impact on the environment through emissions reduction targets and other initiatives and to evaluate and enhance our climate resilience. We continuously innovate to identify opportunities to reduce the energy used by our products, and the energy used and quantity and types of new materials required to manufacture them. Available Information We maintain an Internet website at www.sandisk.com. The information on our website is not incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as amended, are available on our website at www.sandisk.com, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after the electronic filing of these reports with, or furnishing of these reports to, th e U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 11 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors An investment in our common stock is subject to a number of risks, including market, financial, regulatory and operational risks related to our business, our separation from Western Digital Corporation ( WDC ) and our common stock. The following is a summary of certain key risk factors for investors in our securities. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of risks and uncertainties discussed below. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS Operational Risks Adverse global or regional conditions could harm our business. Disruption in our supply chain, other inability to source our supply requirements, or an increase in the costs of materials or components could negatively affect our business. Our operations are subject to a substantial risk of damage or disruption. Public health crises have had, and could in the future have, a negative effect on our business. Our inability to attract, retain and develop highly skilled management and technical talent could negatively impact our business prospects. Product defects could subject us to costly warranty claims, litigation or indemnification claims. The compromise, damage or interruption of our technology infrastructure, systems or products from cyber incidents, data security breaches or other related problems could have a material negative impact on our business. We may be adversely affected by risks and challenges associated with the use of artificial intelligence ( AI ). Business and Strategic Risks We rely substantially on strategic relationships that subject us to risks and uncertainties. Competitive conditions, including declining average selling prices, volatile demand, technological change, industry consolidation and lengthy supply qualifications, in our industry can negatively impact our business. Failure to properly manage technology transitions and product development and introduction could harm our competitiveness and operating results. We experience sales seasonality and cyclicality, and accurate forecasting has become more difficult. Failure to successfully execute on strategic initiatives may negatively impact our future results. Loss of revenue from a key customer, or customer base consolidation, could harm our operating results. If we fail to respond to demand changes within our distribution channel or retail market or maintain and grow our applicable market share, our business could suffer. Financial Risks Our level of debt may negatively impact our liquidity, restrict our operations and ability to respond to business opportunities and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may negatively affect our operating results. Increases in our customers credit risk could result in credit losses and term extensions under existing contracts with customers with credit losses could result in an increase in our operating costs. Legal and Compliance Risks Our failure to comply with laws, rules and regulations related to data use and security could subject us to legal proceedings, penalties, significant liability, loss of customers, loss of revenue or reputational harm. We are or may be subject to legal and regulatory requirements as well as customer, industry and coalition standards, and compliance with those requirements could increase our operating costs and failure to comply may harm our business. Our aspirations, disclosures and actions related to environmental, social and governance matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. We and certain of our officers may at times be involved in litigation, investigations and governmental proceedings, which may be costly and could result in adverse court rulings, fines or penalties. Our industry s and our company s reliance on intellectual property and other proprietary information subjects us to the risk that key components of our business could be copied and also subjects us and our suppliers, customers and partners to the risk of significant litigation. Future material impairments in the value of our goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets would negatively affect our operating results. 12 Table of Contents RISKS RELATED TO THE SPIN-OFF We may not achieve the expected benefits of the spin-off, and the spin-off may adversely impact our business. We have incurred and may continue to incur material costs and expenses as a result of the spin-off. Failure to ensure compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or ineffective internal control over financial reporting could result in uncertainties regarding our financial statements and lead our stock price to suffer. Our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, public company and may not be reliable as to our future results. WDC may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of the spin-off, or we may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when WDC is no longer obligated to provide services under the various agreements. WDC s indemnification of us for certain liabilities in connection with the spin-off may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or WDC may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligation in the future. If we are required to make payments pursuant to our indemnities to WDC in connection with the spin-off, our financial results could be adversely impacted. If the distribution of our shares does not continue to qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment or if we fail to preserve such treatment, we, WDC and WDC stockholders could be subject to significant United States ( U.S. ) federal income tax liabilities, and we could be required to indemnify WDC. The spin-off and related internal restructuring transactions may expose us to potential liabilities arising out of state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal dividend requirements. Overlapping officer roles and directorships with WDC may give rise to actual or potential conflicts of interest. Failure to have received third party consent for contracts and other assets from the spin-off requiring such consent could adversely impact our financial condition and future results of operations. We may be unable to effectively make the changes necessary to operate as an independent company. RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK Our stock price may fluctuate significantly, which may make it difficult to resell our common stock. Provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the market price of our common stock. Our certificate of incorporation contains an exclusive forum provision that could impact stockholder s ability and interest in bringing lawsuits against us and any of our directors, officers or other employees; Tax matters may materially affect our financial position and results of operations. Provisions in our joint venture agreements with Kioxia Corporation ( Kioxia ) may deter, prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could decrease the market price of our common stock and limit our future strategic opportunities. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONAL RISKS Adverse global or regional conditions could harm our business. A large portion of our revenue is derived from our international operations, and substantially all of our products are produced overseas. As a result, our business depends significantly on global and regional conditions. Adverse changes in global or regional economic conditions, including, but not limited to, volatility in the financial markets, tighter credit, recession, inflation, rising interest rates, slower growth in certain geographic regions, political uncertainty, geopolitical tensions or conflicts, trade war, other macroeconomic factors, changes to social conditions and regulations, could significantly harm demand for our products, increase credit and collectability risks, result in revenue reductions, reduce profitability as a result of underutilization of our assets, cause us to change our business practices, increase manufacturing and operating costs or result in impairment charges or other expenses. Our revenue growth is significantly dependent on the growth of international markets, and we may face challenges in international sales markets. We are subject to risks and regulatory obligations associated with our global manufacturing operations and global sales efforts, as well as risks and regulatory obligations associated with our utilization of contract manufacturers, including: obtaining governmental approvals and compliance with evolving foreign regulations the need to comply with regulations on international business, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, the anti-bribery laws of other countries and rules regarding conflict minerals the impacts of political and economic instability; exchange, currency and tax controls and reallocations 13 Table of Contents the continued evolution and implementation of complex global and local tax regimes; weaker protection of intellectual property rights policies and financial incentives by governments in China, the U.S. and countries in Europe and Asia designed to reduce dependence on foreign semiconductor manufacturing capabilities trade barriers, such as export controls, export bans, import restrictions, embargoes, sanctions, license and certification requirements (including semiconductor, encryption and other technology), tariffs and complex customs regulations difficulties in managing international operations, including appropriate internal controls; and financial volatility and disruptions to supply chain resulting from public health crises. For example, the United States has recently announced changes to U.S. trade policy, including increased tariffs on imported goods. In August 2025, President Trump and members of his administration have stated tariffs on semiconductors may be implemented soon, subject to exemptions. We are monitoring to assess potential implications on the Company. Though the majority of our products sold in the U.S. are currently exempt from tariffs, additional tariff increases or the loss of applicable exemptions would increase the cost of goods sold for our products sold in the U.S., which could negatively impact our margins and financial performance. Increases in the price of our products in response to increased costs may adversely impact demand for those products in the U.S., which could also negatively impact our performance and financial results. Future trade policies and regulations in the U.S. and other countries, the terms of any trade arrangements that may be negotiated between the U.S. and other countries, the scope, amount, or duration of tariffs that may be imposed by any country, and the impact of these factors on our business, either directly or as a result of the impact on the business of our customers, are uncertain and may contribute to increased costs and reduced demand for our products, each of which could harm our financial performance. Uncertainty surrounding international trade policy and regulations could also have an adverse effect on consumer confidence and spending. As a result of these risks, our business could be harmed. We are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers who provide critical services, materials or components, and a disruption in our supply chain or other inability to source our supply requirements, or an increase in the costs of materials or components, could negatively affect our business. We depend on an external supply base for technologies, software (including firmware), controllers, dynamic random-access memory, components, equipment and materials for use in our product design and manufacturing. We also depend on suppliers for a portion of our wafer testing, chip assembly, product assembly and product testing, and on service suppliers for providing technical support for our products. In addition, we use logistics partners to manage our worldwide just-in-time hubs and distribution centers and to meet our freight needs. Many of the components and much of the equipment we acquire must be specifically designed for use in our products or for developing and manufacturing our products and are only available from a limited number of suppliers, some of whom are our sole-source suppliers. We therefore depend on these suppliers to meet our business needs, including dedicating adequate engineering resources to develop components that can be successfully integrated into our products. Our suppliers have in the past been, and may in the future be, unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, including as a result of events outside of their control such as trade restrictions (including tariffs, quotas and embargoes), supply chain shortages, geopolitical conflicts, cybersecurity incidents, public health emergencies or natural disasters. If we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities from our current suppliers or qualify and engage additional suppliers, or if we cannot purchase materials at a reasonable price, we may not be able to meet demand for our products. Trade restrictions, including tariffs, quotas and embargoes, demand from other high-volume industries for materials or components used in our products, disruptions in supplier relationships or shortages in other components and materials used in our customers products could result in increased costs to us, longer lead times, or decreased demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business. Delays, shortages or cost increases experienced by our suppliers in developing or sourcing materials and components for use in our products or incompatibility or quality issues relating to our products could also harm our business. We do not have long-term contracts with some of our existing suppliers, nor do we always have guaranteed manufacturing capacity with our suppliers, so we cannot guarantee that they will devote sufficient resources or capacity to manufacturing our products. Any significant problems that occur at our suppliers could lead to product shortages or quality assurance problems. When we do have contractual commitments with suppliers in an effort to stabilize the supply of our components, those commitments may require us to buy a substantial number of components or make significant cash advances to the supplier and may not result in a satisfactory supply of our components. We may cancel or defer outstanding purchase commitments with certain suppliers due to changes in actual and forecasted demand, which may result in fees, penalties and other associated charges. Such cancellations or deferments may also negatively impact our relationships with certain suppliers or lead to a decline in the financial performance of certain suppliers, each of which could result in even more limited availability of components needed for our products. 14 Table of Contents In addition, our supply base has experienced industry consolidation. Our suppliers may be acquired by our competitors, decide to exit the industry or redirect their investments and increase costs to us. In addition, some of our suppliers have experienced a decline in financial performance, including as a result of canceled or deferred purchase commitments. Where we rely on a limited number of suppliers or a single supplier, the risk of supplier loss due to industry consolidation or a decline in financial performance is increased. Some of our suppliers may also be competitors in other areas of our or their business, which could lead to difficulties in price negotiations or meeting our supply requirements. Our operations, and those of certain of our suppliers and customers, are subject to substantial risk of damage or disruption. We conduct our operations at large, high-volume, purpose-built facilities in Japan, Malaysia and throughout Asia. The facilities of many of our customers, our suppliers and our customers suppliers are also concentrated in certain geographic locations throughout Asia and elsewhere. If a fire (including a climate change-related fire), flood, earthquake, tsunami or other natural disaster, condition or event such as a power outage, contamination event, terrorist attack, cybersecurity incident, physical security breach, political instability, civil unrest, localized labor unrest or other employment issues, or a health epidemic negatively affects any of these facilities, it would significantly affect our ability to manufacture or sell our products and source components and would harm our business. Possible impacts include work and equipment stoppages and damage to or closure of our facilities, or those of our suppliers or customers, for an indefinite period of time. Impacts of any of these events may also include closures of our manufacturing facilities, under-absorbed overhead, increased logistics, component and other costs, decreased demand for our products, and manufacturing challenges. Climate change has in the past and is expected to continue to increase the incidence and severity of certain natural disasters, including wildfires and adverse weather events. In addition, the geographic concentration of our manufacturing sites could exacerbate the negative impacts resulting from any of these problems. We may incur losses beyond the limits of, or outside the scope of, the coverage of our insurance policies. There can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to maintain existing insurance coverage or that premiums will not increase substantially. Due to market availability, pricing or other reasons, we may elect not to purchase insurance coverage or to purchase only limited coverage. We maintain limited insurance coverage and, in some cases, no coverage at all, for natural disasters and damage to our facilities, as these types of insurance are sometimes not available or available only at a prohibitive cost. Climate change may reduce the availability or increase the cost of certain types of insurance by contributing to an increase in the incidence and severity of certain natural disasters. We depend upon Kioxia to obtain and maintain sufficient property, business interruption and other insurance for Flash Ventures. If Kioxia fails to do so, we could suffer significant unreimbursable losses, and such failure could also cause Flash Ventures to breach various financing covenants. Public health crises have had, and could in the future have, a negative effect on our business. Public health crises may negatively impact our workforce and operations, as well as those of our strategic partners, customers, suppliers and logistics providers. Impacts of public health crises may include, without limitation, closures of our manufacturing facilities under-absorbed overhead increased logistics, component and other costs decreased demand for our products and manufacturing challenges. Employee infections or government restrictions to contain the spread of infectious disease, like travel restrictions, quarantines, business shutdowns, or trade controls, could harm employees productivity and hinder operations in Flash Ventures factories or our other worksites and our business and results of operations as a whole. Further, global pandemics and other public health crises may cause financial market instability, credit issues, and increased cybersecurity and data privacy risks as more employees work remotely. The degree to which any public health crises ultimately impact our business will depend on many factors beyond our control, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and develop highly skilled management and technical talent. The success of our business depends on our ability to attract, retain, and develop highly skilled management and technical talent capable of advancing NAND technology in an increasingly complex and competitive global environment. The rapid pace of innovation driven by AI, global research and development competition, evolving models of work, and intensifying customer demands for faster, more efficient solutions has significantly raised the bar for the type of technical expertise required to power current and next-generation technologies. As a result, acquiring and retaining such talent has become increasingly difficult. If we are unable to hire and retain key talent and to effectively manage succession planning for key leadership roles, our operating results could be harmed. 15 Table of Contents These challenges are further compounded by uncertainty surrounding our post-separation performance and evolving organizational structure, which may impact employee confidence and lead to increased attrition or operational inefficiencies. While we have implemented retention arrangements for key employees to mitigate this risk, we may still experience further attrition following the payment of these incentives. Additionally, compensation is closely tied to the performance of our business and given the inherent cyclicality of the memory and storage markets, we may face periods where our ability to offer competitive compensation is constrained, placing us at a disadvantage in attracting or retaining top talent during downturns in our operating results. Constraints on global talent mobility and hiring may also affect our ability to attract and retain the specialized skills needed to support our business. While we continue to invest in employee development, workforce planning, and structural agility, the speed and complexity of technological change and market demands create ongoing people-related risks that may impact our ability to sustain long-term innovation and operational performance. We are subject to risks related to product defects, which could result in product recalls or epidemic failures and could subject us to warranty claims in excess of our warranty provisions or which are greater than anticipated, litigation or indemnification claims. We warrant the majority of our products for periods of one to five years. We test our products in our manufacturing facilities through a variety of means. However, our testing may fail to reveal defects in our products that may not become apparent until after the products have been sold into the market. In addition, our products may be used in a manner that is not intended or anticipated by us, resulting in potential liability. Accordingly, there is a risk that product defects will occur, including as a result of third-party components or applications that we incorporate in our products, which could require a product recall. Product recalls can be expensive to implement. As part of a product recall, we may be required or choose to replace the defective product. Moreover, there is a risk that product defects may trigger an epidemic failure clause in a customer agreement. If an epidemic failure occurs, we may be required to replace or refund the value of the defective product and to cover certain other costs associated with the consequences of the epidemic failure. In addition, product defects, product recalls or epidemic failures may cause damage to our reputation or customer relationships, lost revenue, indemnification for a recall of our customers products, warranty claims, litigation or loss of market share with our customers, including our original equipment manufacturer and original design manufacturer customers. Our business liability insurance may be inadequate or future coverage may be unavailable on acceptable terms, which could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. Our standard warranty provisions attempt to put limits on damages and exclude liability for consequential damages and for misuse, improper installation, alteration, accident or mishandling while in the possession of someone other than us, but may be unenforceable or fail to limit our liability as intended. We record an accrual for estimated warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. We may incur additional expenses if our warranty provisions do not reflect the actual cost of resolving issues related to defects in our products, whether as a result of a product recall, epidemic failure or otherwise. If these additional expenses are significant, they could harm our business. The compromise, damage or interruption of our technology infrastructure, systems or products by cyber incidents, data security breaches, other security problems, design defects or system failures could have a material negative impact on our business. We experience cyber incidents of varying degrees on our technology infrastructure and systems and, as a result, unauthorized parties may obtain access to our computer systems and networks, including cloud-based platforms. In addition, the technology infrastructure and systems of some of our suppliers, vendors, service providers, contract manufacturers, cloud solution providers and partners have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, such incidents. Cyber incidents can be caused by ransomware, computer denial-of-service attacks, data exfiltration, worms and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including the covert introduction of malware to computers and networks, and the use of techniques or processes that change frequently, may be disguised or difficult to detect, or are designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, and may continue undetected for an extended period of time. Cyber incidents may result from social engineering or impersonation of authorized users, and may also result from efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities or security weaknesses, intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism or fraud by third parties and sabotage. In some instances, efforts to correct vulnerabilities or prevent incidents may reduce the functionality or performance of our computer systems and networks, which could negatively impact our business. We believe malicious cyber acts are increasing in number and that cyber threat actors are increasingly organized and well-financed or supported by state actors, and are developing increasingly sophisticated systems and means to not only infiltrate systems, but also to evade detection or to obscure their activities. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may create heightened risk of cyber incidents. 16 Table of Contents Our increasing use of AI, including generative AI technologies, may also elevate the risk of cyber incidents. These technologies can be leveraged by threat actors to automate and scale cyberattacks, generate highly convincing phishing or social engineering content, identify and exploit vulnerabilities more efficiently, or create malicious code that is more difficult to detect. In addition, generative AI models may inadvertently expose sensitive information if not properly secured or trained on confidential data. The use of AI by malicious actors may also accelerate the development of novel attack techniques that are adaptive, evasive, and capable of bypassing traditional security controls. As AI tools become more accessible and sophisticated, the potential for their misuse increases, further complicating efforts to detect, prevent, and respond to cyber threats. Our products are also targets for malicious cyber acts. While some of our products contain encryption or security algorithms to protect third-party content or user-generated data stored on our products, these products could still be hacked or the encryption schemes could be compromised, breached or circumvented by motivated and sophisticated attackers, which could harm our business by exposing us to litigation and indemnification claims and hurting our reputation. In addition, our products themselves may contain vulnerabilities, whether due to design flaws, implementation errors, or integration with third-party components, that could be exploited to gain unauthorized access to or disrupt functionality of the product. These vulnerabilities may be identified internally or disclosed by external security researchers, independent entities, or other third parties, including in the form of previously unknown or zero-day exploits. If efforts to breach our infrastructure, systems or products are successful or we are unable to protect against these risks, we could suffer interruptions, delays or cessation of operations of our systems, and loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, IP or sensitive or personal information. Compromises of our infrastructure, systems or products could also cause our customers and other affected third parties to suffer loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, IP or sensitive or personal information, and could harm our relationships with customers and other third parties and subject us to liability. As a result of actual or perceived breaches, we may experience additional costs, notification requirements, civil and administrative fines and penalties, indemnification claims, litigation or damage to our brand and reputation. All of these consequences could harm our reputation and our business and materially and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. We may be adversely affected by the risks, challenges, and evolving regulatory landscape associated with the use of AI in our operations, product development, and business practices. We are increasingly leveraging AI technologies, including generative AI applications and tools, to support and enhance our various operational processes. While AI may promote efficiency and offer analytical advantages, it is complex and rapidly-changing, and its implementation carries inherent risks. Implementation of AI technologies can be costly and time-consuming, and there is no guarantee that such technology will be effective or beneficial. The incorporation of AI algorithms or training methodologies into our decision-making processes may result in flawed, irrelevant, insufficient, or biased outputs, potentially impacting our strategic choices, operational effectiveness, and regulatory compliance. These inaccuracies can arise from limitations in training data, algorithmic design, or unintended consequences of machine learning models. Actual or perceived deficiencies or failures in our implementation or use of AI could result in competitive disadvantages, regulatory action, legal liability, brand or reputational harm, and negative financial results. In addition, the use of AI in the development of our products could potentially lead to ambiguities in intellectual property ownership, infringement or misappropriation risks, which could impact our competitive position and expose us to litigation, monetary penalties, or operational disruptions. The unauthorized or unapproved use of generative AI tools by our employees, contractors, or other third parties may lead to the inadvertent disclosure of confidential, proprietary, or personal information, exposing us to data security, privacy, and legal risks and reputational harm. Misuse of such tools can also result in violations of applicable laws and regulations, including data protection and intellectual property laws. As legal and regulatory frameworks surrounding AI continue to evolve, we may be required to adapt our practices, policies, or systems, which could increase operational costs, limit innovation, or expose us to liability. This could materially affect our operations, financial condition, and ability to achieve our strategic objectives. BUSINESS AND STRATEGIC RISKS We rely substantially on strategic relationships with various partners, including Kioxia, which subjects us to risks and uncertainties that could harm our business. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into strategic relationships with various partners for product development, manufacturing, sales growth and the supply of technologies, components, equipment and materials for use in our product design and manufacturing, including our business ventures with Kioxia. We depend on Flash Ventures for the development and manufacture of flash-based memory. Our strategic relationships, including Flash Ventures, are subject to various risks that could harm the value of our investments, our revenue and costs, our future rate of spending, our technology plans and our future growth opportunities. 17 Table of Contents The terms of our agreements with Kioxia with respect to Flash Ventures require that substantially all of our flash-based memory be obtained from Flash Ventures, which limits our ability to respond to market demand and supply changes and makes our financial results particularly susceptible to variations from our forecasts and expectations. For example, we are contractually obligated to pay for 50% of the fixed costs of Flash Ventures regardless of whether we order any flash-based memory, and our orders placed with Flash Ventures on a rolling basis are binding. As a result, a failure to accurately forecast supply and demand could cause us to over-invest or under-invest in inventory, technology transitions or the expansion of Flash Ventures capacity. Over-investment by us or our competitors can result in excess supply and lead to significant decreases in our product prices, significant excess, obsolete inventory or inventory write-downs or underutilization charges, and the potential impairment of our investments in Flash Ventures. For example, in 2023, WDC incurred $296 million in charges for unabsorbed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of reduced utilization of its manufacturing capacity and $108 million in charges to write down our inventory as a result of decreases in market pricing. In 2025, we incurred $75 million in charges as a result of underutilization of our manufacturing capacity and $24 million in charges to write down our inventory. These charges were attributable to a significant imbalance of supply and demand and actions taken in response thereto. On the other hand, if we under-invest in Flash Ventures, or otherwise grow or transition Flash Ventures capacity too slowly, we may not have enough supply of flash-based memory, or the right type of flash-based memory, to meet demand on a timely and cost effective basis, and we may lose opportunities for revenue, gross margin and market share as a result. If our supply is limited, we might make strategic decisions with respect to the allocation of our supply among our products and customers, which could result in less favorable gross margins or damage customer relationships. In addition, while Flash Ventures is operating, our agreements with Kioxia contain certain restrictions on our ability to work with third parties to manufacture flash-based memory or to fabricate flash-based memory beyond the capacity specified in the agreements, or to manufacture flash-based memory ourselves except to the extent that we acquire any manufacturing capacity of a Flash Ventures entity as a result of that entity s dissolution, termination of its joint venture agreements or acquisition by us. This could also impair our ability to consolidate with other industry participants who manufacture flash-based memory. Our control over the operations of our business ventures may be limited, and our interests could diverge from our strategic partners interests regarding ongoing and future activities. For example, each Flash Ventures entity operates for a defined period of time agreed upon between the joint venture partners. Absent further extensions as mutually agreed between us and Kioxia, Flash Partners Ltd. and Flash Alliance Ltd. are currently set to expire on December 31, 2029, and Flash Forward Ltd. is currently set to expire on December 31, 2034. Each Flash Ventures entity s joint venture agreements may also earlier terminate upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including earlier dissolution by agreement of the parties or an event of default or bankruptcy. Upon the expiration of a Flash Ventures entity s joint venture agreements, the applicable Flash Ventures entity will commence a wind-up process and be dissolved. Net proceeds from the dissolution will be distributed in kind or cash to us and Kioxia on a pro rata basis based on our respective ownership positions. The applicable Flash Venture entity will continue to operate during the period of winding up. Although we and Kioxia have agreed to extend the operating period for each Flash Ventures entity since the start of Flash Ventures, there is a risk that we and Kioxia will be unable to agree on a further extension of one or more of the Flash Ventures entities. Additionally, under the Flash Ventures agreements, we cannot unilaterally direct most of Flash Ventures activities, and we have limited ability to source or fabricate flash outside of Flash Ventures. Flash Ventures requires significant investments by both Kioxia and us for technology transitions and capacity expansions, and our business could be harmed if our technology roadmap and investment plans are not sufficiently aligned with Kioxia s. Lack of alignment with Kioxia with respect to Flash Ventures could negatively impact our ability to react quickly to changes in the market, or to stay at the forefront of technological advancement. Misalignment could arise due to changes in Kioxia s strategic priorities, management, ownership or access to capital, which have changed in recent years and could continue to change. Kioxia s stakeholders may include, or have included in the past, competitors, customers, a private equity firm, government entities or public stockholders. Kioxia s management changes, ownership and capital structure could lead to delays in decision-making, disputes or changes in strategic direction that could negatively impact the strategic partnership, and therefore us. There may exist conflicts of interest between Kioxia s stakeholders and Flash Ventures or us with respect to, among other things, protecting and growing Flash Ventures business, intellectual property and competitively sensitive confidential information. Together with Kioxia, we fund a portion of the investments required for Flash Ventures through lease financings. Continued availability of lease financings for Flash Ventures is not guaranteed and could be limited by several factors, including investor capacity and risk allocation policies, our or Kioxia s financial performance, changes to our or Kioxia s business, ownership or corporate structure and the availability of tools and equipment eligible for lease financing. To the extent that lease financings are not accessible on favorable terms or at all, more cash would be required to fund investments. Our strategic relationships are subject to additional risks that could harm our business, including, but not limited to, the following: failure by our strategic partners to comply with applicable laws or employ effective internal controls 18 Table of Contents difficulties and delays in product and technology development at, ramping production at and transferring technology to, our strategic partners declining financial performance of our strategic partners, including failure by our strategic partners to timely fund capital investments with us or otherwise meet their commitments, including paying amounts owed to us or third parties when due we may lose the rights to, or ability to independently manufacture, certain technology or products being developed or manufactured by strategic partners, including if any of them is acquired by another company, files for bankruptcy or experiences financial or other losses a bankruptcy event involving a strategic partner could result in structural changes to or termination of the strategic partnership and changes in tax or regulatory requirements may necessitate changes to the agreements governing our strategic partnerships. We participate in a highly competitive industry that is often subject to declining average selling prices, volatile demand, rapid technological change and industry consolidation, as well as lengthy product qualifications, all of which can negatively impact our business. Demand for our devices, software and solutions, which we refer to in this Risk Factors section as our products, depends in large part on the demand for systems manufactured by our customers and on storage upgrades to existing systems. The demand for systems has been volatile in the past and often has had an exaggerated effect on the demand for our products in any given period. Demand for and prices of our products are influenced by, among other factors, actual and projected data growth, the balance between supply and demand in the storage market, including the effects of new fab capacity, macroeconomic factors and geopolitical tensions, including tariffs or trade restrictions, business conditions, technology transitions and other actions taken by us or our competitors. The storage market has in the past experienced, and may continue to experience, periods of excess capacity leading to liquidation of excess inventories, inventory write-downs, underutilization charges, significant reductions in average selling prices and negative impacts on our revenue and gross margins, and volatile product life cycles that harm our ability to recover the cost of product development. Further, our average selling prices and gross margins tend to decline when there is a shift in the mix of product sales to lower priced products. We have faced declining gross margins relating to the Flash Business in the past, and may face potential gross margin pressures in the future, resulting from our average selling prices declining more rapidly than our cost of revenue. Rapid technological changes often reduce the volume and profitability of sales of existing products and increase the risk of inventory obsolescence and write-downs. Finally, the data storage industry has experienced consolidation over the past several years, which could enhance the resources and lower the cost structure of some competitors. These factors could result in a substantial decrease in our market share and harm our business. As we compete in new product areas, the overall complexity of our business may increase and may result in increases in research and development expenses and substantial investments in manufacturing capability, technology enhancements and go-to-market capability. We must also qualify our products with customers through potentially lengthy testing processes with uncertain results. Some of our competitors offer products that we do not offer, which may allow them to win sales from us, and some of our customers may be developing storage solutions internally, which may reduce their demand for our products. We expect that competition will continue to be intense, and our competitors may be able to gain a product offering or cost structure advantage over us, which would harm our business. Further, our competitors may utilize pricing strategies, including offering products at prices at or below cost, that we may be unable to competitively match. We may also have difficulty effectively competing with manufacturers benefiting from governmental investments and may be subject to increased complexity and reduced efficiency in our supply chain as a result of governmental efforts to promote domestic semiconductor industries in various jurisdictions. If we do not properly manage technology transitions and product development and introduction, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected. The markets for our products continuously undergo technology transitions that may impact our product roadmaps and that we must anticipate in order to adapt our existing products or develop new products effectively. If we fail to adapt to or implement new technologies or develop new products desired by our customers quickly and cost-effectively, or if technology transitions negatively impact our existing product roadmaps, our business may be harmed. In addition, the success of our technology transitions and product development depends on a number of other factors, including: research and development expenses and results difficulties faced in manufacturing ramp market acceptance/qualification effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand 19 Table of Contents the vertical integration of some of our products, which may result in more capital expenditures and greater fixed costs than if we were not vertically integrated our ability to cost effectively respond to customer requests for new products or features (including requests for more efficient and efficiently produced products with reduced environmental impacts) and software associated with our products our ability to increase our software development capability and the effectiveness of our go-to-market capability in selling new products. Moving to new technologies and products may require us to align to, and build, a new supply base. Our success in new product areas may depend on our ability to enter into favorable supply agreements. In addition, if our customers choose to delay transition to new technologies, if demand for the products that we develop is lower than expected or if the supporting technologies to implement these new technologies are not available, we may be unable to achieve the cost structure required to support our profit objectives or may be unable to grow or maintain our market position. Additionally, new technologies could impact demand for our products in unforeseen or unexpected ways and new products could substitute for our current products and make them obsolete, each of which would harm our business. We also develop products to meet certain industry and technical standards, which may change and cause us to incur substantial costs as we adapt to new standards or invest in different manufacturing processes to remain competitive. We experience sales seasonality and cyclicality, which could cause our operating results to fluctuate. In addition, accurately forecasting demand has become more difficult, which could harm our business. Sales of many of our products tend to be seasonal and subject to supply-demand cycles. Changes in seasonal and cyclical supply and demand patterns have made it, and could continue to make it, more difficult for us to forecast demand. Changes in the product or channel mix of our business may also impact seasonal and cyclical patterns. For example, we often ship a high percentage of our total quarterly sales in the third month of the quarter, which makes it difficult for us to forecast our financial results before the end of each quarter. As a result of the above or other factors, our forecast of financial results for a given quarter may differ materially from our actual financial results. The variety and volume of products we manufacture are based in part on accurately forecasting market and customer demand for our products. Accurately forecasting demand has become increasingly difficult for us, our customers and our suppliers due to volatility in global economic conditions, end market dynamics and industry consolidation, resulting in less availability of historical market data for certain product segments. Further, for many of our original equipment manufacturer customers utilizing just-in-time inventory, we do not generally require firm order commitments and instead receive a periodic forecast of requirements, which may prove to be inaccurate. In addition, because our products are designed to be largely interchangeable with competitors products, our demand forecasts may be impacted significantly by the strategic actions of our competitors. As forecasting demand becomes more difficult, the risk that our forecasts are not in line with demand increases. This has caused, and may in the future cause, our forecasts to exceed actual market demand, resulting in periods of product oversupply, excess inventory, underutilization of manufacturing capacity and price decreases, which has impacted and could further impact our sales, average selling prices and gross margin or require us to incur additional inventory write-downs or additional charges for unabsorbed manufacturing overhead, thereby negatively affecting our operating results and our financial condition. For example, in 2023, WDC incurred $296 million in charges for unabsorbed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of reduced utilization of its manufacturing capacity and $108 million in charges to write down its inventory as a result of decreases in market pricing. In 2025, we incurred $75 million in charges as a result of underutilization of our manufacturing capacity and $24 million in charges to write down our inventory. These charges were attributable to a significant imbalance of supply and demand and actions taken in response thereto. If market demand increases significantly beyond our forecasts or beyond our ability to add manufacturing capacity, then we may not be able to satisfy customer product needs, possibly resulting in a loss of market share if our competitors are able to meet customer demands. In addition, some of our components have long lead-times, requiring us to place orders several months in advance of anticipated demand. Such long lead-times increase the risk of excess inventory, potentially resulting in inventory write-downs or loss of sales in the event our forecasts vary substantially from actual demand. 20 Table of Contents Failure to successfully execute on strategic initiatives including acquisitions, divestitures or cost saving measures may negatively impact our future results. We may make acquisitions and divestitures and engage in cost saving measures. In order to successfully execute on strategic initiatives, we must successfully complete attractive transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and manage post-closing issues such as integration of an acquired company or employees and integration of processes and systems. We may not be able to identify or complete appealing acquisition or investment opportunities given the intense competition for these transactions. Even if we identify and complete suitable corporate transactions, we may not be able to successfully address any integration challenges in a timely manner, or at all. There may be difficulties with implementing new systems and processes or with integrating systems and processes of companies with complex operations, which may result in inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies and may increase the risk that our internal controls are found to be ineffective. Failing to successfully integrate or realign our business to take advantage of efficiencies or reduce redundancies of an acquisition may result in not realizing all or any of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. In addition, failing to achieve the financial model projections for an acquisition or changes in technology development and related roadmaps following an acquisition may result in the incurrence of impairment charges (including goodwill impairments or other asset write-downs) and other expenses, both of which could negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. Acquisitions and investments may also result in the issuance of equity securities that may be dilutive to our stockholders as well as earn-out or other contingent consideration payments and the issuance of additional indebtedness that would put additional pressure on liquidity. Furthermore, we may agree to provide continuing service obligations or enter into other agreements in order to obtain certain regulatory approvals of our corporate transactions, and failure to satisfy these additional obligations could result in our failing to obtain regulatory approvals or the imposition of additional obligations on us, any of which could negatively affect our business. In addition, new legislation or additional regulations may affect or impair our ability to invest with or in certain other countries or require us to obtain regulatory approvals to do so, including investments in joint ventures, minority investments and outbound technology transfers to certain countries. Cost saving measures, restructurings and divestitures may result in workforce reduction and consolidation of our manufacturing or other facilities. As a result of these actions, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. These actions could also impact employee retention. In addition, we cannot be sure that these actions will be as successful in reducing our overall expenses as we expect, that additional costs will not offset any such reductions or consolidations or that we will not forgo future business opportunities as a result of these actions. Acquisitions and alliance activities inherently involve other risks as well. Additional risks we may encounter include those associated with: disruption to our business and the continued successful execution of our company strategy, goals and responsibilities increased capital and research and development expenses and resource allocation assimilation and integration of different business operations, corporate cultures, personnel, infrastructures and technologies or solutions acquired or licensed, while maintaining quality, and designing and implementing appropriate risk management measures the incurrence of significant transaction fees and costs the potential for unknown liabilities within the acquired or combined business that we may not become aware of until after the completion of the acquisition and the possibility of conflict with joint venture or alliance partners regarding strategic direction, prioritization of objectives and goals, governance matters or operations. Loss of revenue from a key customer, or consolidation among our customer base, could harm our operating results. For 2025, 2024, and 2023, 40%, 41% and 47%, respectively, of our total revenue came from sales to our top ten customers. These customers have a variety of suppliers to choose from and therefore can make substantial demands on us, including demands on product pricing, contractual terms and the environmental impact and attributes of our products, often resulting in the allocation of risk or increased costs to us as the supplier. Our ability to maintain strong relationships with our principal customers is essential to our future performance. We may experience events such as the loss of a key customer, prohibition or restriction of sales to a key customer by law, regulation or other government action, reductions in sales to or orders by a key customer, customer requirements to reduce our prices before we are able to reduce costs or the acquisition of a key customer by one of our competitors. These events may impact our operating results and financial condition. Further, government authorities may implement laws or regulations or take other actions that could result in significant changes to the business or operating models of our customers. Such changes could negatively impact our operating results. 21 Table of Contents Additionally, if there is consolidation among our customer base, our customers may be able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could negatively impact our profitability. Consolidation among our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our products, increased customer pressure on our prices, replacement of our products by the combined entity with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each of which could harm our operating results. Also, the storage ecosystem is constantly evolving, and our traditional customer base is changing. Fewer companies now hold greater market share for certain applications and services, such as cloud storage and computing platforms, mobile, social media, shopping and streaming media. As a result, the competitive landscape is changing, giving these companies increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could negatively impact our profitability. In addition, the changes in our evolving customer base create new selling and distribution patterns to which we must adapt. To remain competitive, we must respond to these changes by ensuring we have proper scale in this evolving market, as well as offer products that meet the technological requirements of this customer base at competitive pricing points. To the extent we are not successful in adequately responding to these changes, our operating results and financial condition could be harmed. Sales in the distribution channel and to the retail market are important to our business, and if we fail to respond to demand changes within these markets, or maintain and grow our applicable market share, our business could suffer. Our distribution customers typically sell to small computer manufacturers, dealers, systems integrators and other resellers. We face significant competition in this channel as a result of limited product qualification programs and a significant focus on price and availability of product. As a result of the shift to mobile devices, more computing devices are being delivered to the market as complete systems, which could weaken the distribution market. If we fail to respond to changes in demand in the distribution market, our business could suffer. Additionally, if the distribution market weakens as a result of technology transitions or a significant change in consumer buying preference, or if we experience significant price declines due to demand changes in the distribution channel, our operating results would be negatively impacted. Negative changes in the creditworthiness or the ability to access credit, or the bankruptcy or shutdown of any of our significant retail or distribution partners would harm our revenue and our ability to collect outstanding receivable balances. A significant portion of our sales is also made through retailers. Our success in the retail market depends in large part on our ability to maintain our brand image and corporate reputation and to expand into and gain market acceptance of our products in multiple retail market channels. Particularly in the retail market, negative publicity, whether or not justified, or allegations of product or service quality issues, even if false or unfounded, could damage our reputation and cause our customers to choose products offered by our competitors. Further, changes to the retail environment, such as store closures caused by macroeconomic conditions or changing customer preferences, may reduce the demand for our products. If customers no longer maintain a preference for our product brands or if our retailers are not successful in selling our products, our operating results may be negatively impacted. FINANCIAL RISKS Our level of debt may negatively impact our liquidity, restrict our operations and ability to respond to business opportunities and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. In connection with the separation, we incurred debt financing in our capital structure, and in the future, we may incur additional debt. The amoun