=== EXR_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves various risks. All investors should carefully consider the following risk factors in conjunction with the other information contained in this Annual Report before trading in our securities. If any of the events set forth in the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition could be harmed. Our performance is subject to risks associated with real estate investments. We are a real estate company that derives our income from the operation of our stores. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There are a number of factors that may adversely affect the income that our stores generate, including the following: 9 Risks Related to Our Stores and Operations Adverse economic or other conditions in the markets in which we do business could negatively affect our occupancy levels and rental rates and therefore our operating results. Our revenues and net operating income can be negatively impacted by general economic factors and other conditions that lead to a reduction in demand for rental space in the markets in which we operate. Our operations, revenues and operating income may be adversely impacted by, for example, increases in unemployment rates, rising interest rates, changing demographics, decreases in the volume of housing market transactions, recessions, perceptions about the safety of our stores, changes in local zoning laws, consequences from climate change, public health emergencies, as well as earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters, terrorist acts, civil disturbances or acts of war. If we are unable to promptly re-let our units or if the rates upon such re-letting are significantly lower than expected, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. Nearly all of our leases are on a month-to-month basis. Any delay in re-letting units as vacancies arise would reduce our revenues and harm our operating results. In addition, lower than expected rental rates upon re-letting could adversely affect our revenues and impede our growth. There is significant competition among self-storage operators and from other storage alternatives. Competition in the local markets in which many of our stores are located is significant and has affected our occupancy levels, rental rates and operating expenses. Development of self-storage facilities has increased in recent years, which has intensified competition, and we expect it will continue to do so as newly developed facilities are opened. Development of self-storage facilities by other operators could continue to increase in the future. Actions by our competitors may decrease or prevent increases in our occupancy and rental rates, while increasing our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our property taxes could increase due to reassessment or property tax rate changes. Real property taxes on our properties may increase as our properties are reassessed by taxing authorities or as property tax rates change. Therefore, the amount of property taxes we are required to pay could increase substantially from the property taxes we currently pay or have paid in the past, including on a retroactive basis. If our property taxes we pay increase, our cash flow would be adversely impacted, and our ability to pay any expected dividends to our stockholders and unit holders could be adversely affected. State and federal regulations relating to natural disasters, public health emergencies or consumer protection could adversely affect our results of operations. The impact of natural disasters, public health emergencies and any government responses to such emergencies, or regulations passed in an attempt to protect consumers could lead to lower demand for storage facilities, lower rental rates, inability to raise rents, reduced late fee collection and impaired ability to hold auctions resulting in higher accounts receivable and bad debt. Although the self-storage industry has historically been resilient to ordinary market downturns, the impact of natural disasters, public health emergencies and related regulations, including those that limit our ability to raise rents, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and will largely depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Uninsured losses, losses in excess of our insurance coverage, or increasing insurance deductibles could adversely affect our financial condition and our cash flow. We maintain comprehensive property and casualty insurance policies, including liability, fire, flood, earthquake, wind (as we deem necessary or as required by our lenders), umbrella coverage and rental loss insurance with respect to our stores. Certain types of losses, however, may be either uninsurable, not economically insurable, or coverage may be excluded on certain policies, such as losses due to earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, riots, acts of war, terrorism, or social engineering. Should an uninsured loss occur, we could lose both our investment in and anticipated profits and cash flow from a store. In addition, if any such loss is insured, we may be required to pay significant amounts on any claim for recovery of such a loss prior to our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. Also, insurance deductibles may continue increasing. As a result, our operating results may be adversely affected. 10 Our tenant reinsurance business is subject to significant governmental regulation, which may adversely affect our results. Our tenant reinsurance business is subject to significant governmental regulation. The regulatory authorities generally have broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals, to promulgate, interpret and implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits and investigations of the affairs of insurance providers. As a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our reinsurance activities, or otherwise fined or penalized or suffer an adverse judgment, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We and our vendors rely on information technology, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security incident affecting that technology could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store confidential information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, intellectual property, proprietary business information, and personal information of our employees, contractors and customers, such as tenant and lease data (collectively, “Confidential Information”). We also rely on third-party vendors for information technology and services, including commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for the processing, transmission and storage of Confidential Information. Our information technology systems and those of our third-party service providers, strategic partners and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to attack and damage or interruption from computer viruses and malware (e.g. ransomware), software or hardware errors, misconfigurations, bugs or other vulnerabilities, malicious code, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, hacking, cyberattacks, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes, employee theft or misuse, human error, fraud, denial or degradation of service attacks, and sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors. Additionally, any integration of artificial intelligence in our or any third party’s operations, products or services is expected to pose new or unknown cybersecurity risks and challenges. Furthermore, remote and hybrid working arrangements at our company (and at many third-party providers) also increase cybersecurity risks due to the challenges associated with managing remote computing assets and security vulnerabilities that are present in many non-corporate and home networks. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of our information technology systems and Confidential Information, it is possible that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, safety and security measures, will not be fully implemented, complied with or able to prevent such systems’ improper functioning or damage, or the improper accessing or disclosure of Confidential Information, from such security breaches, disruptions, and shutdowns. The costs associated with the investigation, remediation and potential notification of such breaches to counter-parties and data subjects could be material. From time to time, we, and certain of our service providers, are subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. While to date, we do not believe that we have experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach, this risk has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of such breaches and attempted breaches from around the world have increased. Furthermore, because the technologies used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage or disrupt, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate incidents or breaches due to attackers increasingly using sophisticated tools and techniques (including artificial intelligence) that are designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. Any failure to maintain the proper functioning, confidentiality, integrity and availability of our or our third-party service providers’ information technology systems or our Confidential Information could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, divert significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result, subject us to liability and claims (including class actions) or regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, which could result in, among other things, fines and penalties, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Actual or perceived failures to comply with laws and regulations relating to data privacy and protection could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and our financial condition. In the United States, both federal and various state governments have adopted, or are considering, laws, guidelines or rules for the collection, distribution, use, storage and security of personal information, and we are or may become subject to such obligations with respect to information collected from or about our employees, contractors or customers. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, requires certain businesses that process personal information of California residents to, among other things, provide certain disclosures to California residents regarding the business’s collection, use, and disclosure of their personal information; receive and respond to requests from California residents to access, delete, and correct their personal information, or to opt-out of certain disclosures of their personal 11 information; and enter into specific contractual provisions with service providers that process California resident personal information on the business’s behalf. Although we work to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards, our contractual obligations and other legal obligations, these requirements are evolving and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, may conflict with one another or other legal obligations with which we must comply, may require us to incur significant costs, implement new processes, or otherwise affect our ability to use and disclose the information we collect, which could affect our results of operations, business, and financial condition. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our employees, representatives, contractors, consultants, collaborators, or other third parties to comply with such requirements or adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The use of, or inability to take advantage of the benefits of, artificial intelligence by us presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business and operating results or may adversely impact the demand for storage with the Company. We have begun and may continue to use artificial intelligence and machine learning (collectively, “AI”) tools in our operations. We use AI in assessing marketing decisions and operating our stores. However, there can be no assurance that we will realize the desired or anticipated benefits, or any benefits, and we may fail to properly implement such technology. While AI tools may facilitate optimization and operational efficiencies, they also have the potential for inaccuracy, bias, infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property. The use of AI tools may introduce errors or inadequacies that are not easily detectable, including deficiencies, inaccuracies, or biases in the data used for AI training, or in the content, analyses, or recommendations generated by AI applications. Additionally, if our peers use AI tools to optimize operations and we fail to utilize AI tools in a comparable manner, we may be competitively disadvantaged. New laws and regulations are being adopted, and existing laws and regulations may be interpreted, in ways that could affect our business operations and the way in which we use AI. Our ongoing efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws, as well as initiatives to comply with new legal regulations relating to privacy, data protection and AI, impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time. Additionally, this complex and rapidly evolving landscape around AI may expose us to claims, inquiries, demands and proceedings by private parties and global regulatory authorities and subject us to legal liability as well as reputational harm. Uncertainty around the safety and security of new and emerging AI applications may require additional investment in the development of proprietary datasets, machine learning models and systems to test for security, accuracy, bias and other variables, which are often complex, may be costly and could impact our operating results. Cybersecurity threat actors may also utilize AI tools to automate and enhance cybersecurity attacks against us and could lead to data breaches, loss of confidential or sensitive information, and financial or reputational harm. These outcomes could impair our ability to compete effectively, damage our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property or information and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions that meet our criteria, which may impede our growth. Our ability to expand through acquisitions is integral to our business strategy and requires us to identify suitable acquisition candidates or investment opportunities that meet our criteria and are compatible with our growth strategy. We may not be successful in identifying suitable stores or other assets that meet our acquisition criteria or in consummating acquisitions or investments on satisfactory terms or at all. Failure to identify or consummate acquisitions will slow our growth, which could in turn adversely affect our stock price. Our ability to acquire stores on favorable terms and successfully integrate and operate them may be constrained by the following significant risks: • competition from local investors and other real estate investors with significant capital, including other publicly-traded REITs and institutional investment funds; • competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price which could reduce our profitability; • the inability to achieve satisfactory completion of due diligence investigations and other customary closing conditions; and • we may acquire stores subject to liabilities without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities such as liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by persons 12 dealing with the former owners of the stores and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the stores. Legal disputes, settlement and defense costs could have an adverse effect on our operating results. From time to time we have to make monetary settlements or defend actions or arbitration (including class actions) to resolve tenant, employment-related or other claims and disputes. Settling any such liabilities could negatively impact our operating results and cash available for distribution to stockholders and could also adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate or encumber affected properties. Climate change may adversely affect our results of operations. Climate change may cause extreme weather, changes in precipitation and temperature, increases in wild fire risk and rising sea levels in the areas in which we operate which may cause physical damage to our stores or a decrease in demand for rental space in the areas affected by these conditions. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected and may negatively impact the types and pricing of insurance we are able to procure. In addition, changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased operating costs (for example, increased utility costs) and/or increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing stores and could also require us to spend more on our new stores without a corresponding increase in revenue. Further, the impact of climate change may increase the cost of, or make unavailable, property insurance or other hazard insurance on terms we find acceptable or necessary to adequately protect our properties. Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with operating our stores may adversely affect our results of operations. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner, developer or operator of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances, which could be substantial. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of such hazardous substances. From time to time, we may acquire properties, or interests in properties, with known adverse environmental conditions for which we believe that the environmental liabilities associated with these conditions are quantifiable and that the acquisition will yield a superior risk-adjusted return. Costs associated with complying with the ADA may result in unanticipated expenses. Under the ADA, places of public accommodation are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. A number of additional U.S. federal, state and local laws may also require modifications to our stores, or restrict certain further renovations of the stores, with respect to access thereto by disabled persons. If one or more of our stores is not in compliance with the ADA or other legislation, then we would be required to incur additional costs to bring the facility into compliance. Risks Related to Qualification and Operation as a REIT Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our stock. We believe we operate in a manner that allows us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code. If we fail to qualify as a REIT or lose our qualification as a REIT at any time, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution for each of the years involved because of the following: • we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our taxable income; • we also could be subject to a U.S. federal alternative minimum income tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and • unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following a year during which we were disqualified. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to make distributions to stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders will be subject to tax as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means that our U.S. individual stockholders would be taxed on our dividends at capital gains rates, and our U.S. corporate stockholders would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, 13 subject, in each case, to applicable limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are able to avail ourselves of one or more of the relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code in order to maintain our REIT status, we may nevertheless be required to pay penalty taxes of $50,000 or more for each such failure. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and could adversely affect the value of our securities. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The complexity of these provisions and of the applicable Treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code is greater in the case of a REIT that, like us, holds its assets through a partnership. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. In order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the composition of our assets, the sources of our gross income and the owners of our stock. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the fair market value of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Our ability to satisfy the income tests depends on the sources and amounts of our gross income, which we may not be able to control. Also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, and we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax to the extent we distribute for any year less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including net capital gains. We own and may acquire direct or indirect interests in entities that have elected or will elect to be taxed as REITs under the Internal Revenue Code (each, a “Subsidiary REIT”). A Subsidiary REIT is subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations described herein that are applicable to us. If a Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to U.S. federal income tax, (ii) shares in such Subsidiary REIT would cease to be qualifying assets for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs, and (iii) it is possible that we would fail certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs, in which event we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. In addition, legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may adversely affect our investors, our ability to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes or the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. Although we believe that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that is intended to allow us to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we can give no assurance that we have qualified or will continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding our qualification as a REIT. Possible legislative or other actions affecting REITs could adversely affect our stockholders. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could adversely affect our investors or us in ways we cannot predict. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. Also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. Dividends payable by REITs may be taxed at higher rates. Dividends payable by REITs may be taxed at higher rates than dividends of non-REIT corporations. The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for qualified dividends paid by domestic non-REIT corporations to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trust or estates is generally 20%. Dividends paid by REITs to such stockholders are generally not eligible for that rate, but under current tax law, such stockholders may deduct up to 20% of ordinary dividends (i.e., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs, such tax rate may still be higher than the tax rate applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends. This may cause investors to view REIT investments as less attractive than investments in non-REIT corporations, which in turn may adversely affect the value of stock of REITs, including our stock. In addition, the relative attractiveness of real estate in general may be adversely affected by the favorable tax treatment given to corporate dividends, which could negatively affect the value of our stores. 14 We will pay some taxes, reducing cash available for stockholders. Even though we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will be required to pay some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. Extra Space Management, Inc. manages stores for our joint ventures and stores owned by third parties. We, jointly with certain corporate subsidiaries, including Extra Space Management, Inc., elected to treat each such subsidiary as a taxable REIT subsidiary (a “TRS”) of our Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A TRS is subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax, and may also be subject to state and local taxes, on its taxable income. ESM Reinsurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Extra Space Management, Inc., generates income from insurance premiums that are subject to U.S. federal income tax and state insurance premiums tax and pays certain insurance royalties to us. In addition, we will be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain amounts if the economic arrangements among our tenants, our TRSs and us are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties. Also, if we sell property as a dealer (i.e., to customers in the ordinary course of our trade or business), we will be subject to a 100% penalty tax on any gain arising from such sales. While we do not intend to sell stores as a dealer, the IRS could take a contrary position. To the extent that we are, or any of our TRSs are, required to pay U.S. federal, state or local taxes, we will have less cash available for distribution to stockholders. Risks Related to Our Debt Financings Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain debt financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us. Uncertainty in the credit and finan

=== EXR_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There have been no material changes to the risk factors described in the “Risk Factors” section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS The following table presents our share repurchases made pursuant to our share repurchase program for the three months ended March 31, 2026: Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program (1) Approximate Dollar Value That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) Period January 1 - 31, 2026 11,109 $ 129.80 11,109 $ 349.0 February 1 - 28, 2026 — $ — — $ 349.0 March 1 - 31, 2026 — $ — — $ 349.0 Total 11,109 $ 129.80 11,109 (1) In November 2023, our board of directors authorized a three-year share repurchase program allowing the repurchase of shares with an aggregate value up to $ 500.0 million of common stock. Purchases are made at management’s discretion based on market conditions and financial resources. As of March 31, 2026, we had remaining authorization to repurchase shares with an aggregate value up to $349.0 million. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our officers or directors adopted , modified or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any “non Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement.” 37 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form Date Number 1.1 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated April 15, 2024, by and among Extra Space Storage Inc., Extra Space Storage LP, BMO Capital Markets Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Regions Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC S-3ASR April 15, 2024 1.2 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2023, by and among Extra Space Storage Inc., Extra Space Storage LP, Eros Merger Sub, LLC, Eros OP Merger Sub, LLC, Life Storage, Inc. and Life Storage LP 8-K April 3, 2023 2.1 2.2 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 18, 2023, by and among Extra Space Storage Inc., Extra Space Storage LP, Eros Merger Sub, LLC, Eros OP Merger Sub, LLC, Life Storage, Inc. and Life Storage LP 8-K July 20, 2023 2.2 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Extra Space Storage Inc. S-11 August 10, 2004 3.1 3.2 Articles of Amendment of Extra Space Storage Inc., dated September 28, 2007. 8-K October 3, 2007 3.1 3.3 Articles of Amendment of Extra Space Storage Inc., dated August 29, 2013. 8-K August 29, 2013 3.1 3.4 Articles of Amendment of Extra Space Storage Inc., dated May 21, 2014. 8-K May 28, 2014 3.1 3.5 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Extra Space Storage Inc. 8-K January 17, 2018 3.1 3.6 Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Extra Space Storage LP. 8-K December 6, 2013 10.1 4.1 Junior Subordinated Note 10-K February 26, 2010 4.3 4.2 Description of Securities 10-K February 25, 2020 4.6 4.3 Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2021, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 8-K May 11, 2021 4.1 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2021, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K May 11, 2021 4.2 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 22, 2021, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K September 22, 2021 4.2 4.6 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2022, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K March 31, 2022 4.2 38 4.7 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2023, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K March 28, 2023 4.2 4.8 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 16, 2023, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K June 16, 2023 4.2 4.9 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 25, 2023, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K July 25, 2023 4.4 4.10 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 25, 2023, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K July 25, 2023 4.5 4.11 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 25, 2023, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K July 25, 2023 4.6 4.12 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 25, 2023, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K July 25, 2023 4.7 4.13 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 25, 2023, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K July 25, 2023 4.8 4.14 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2023, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust II, as guarantors, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of the Notes and the Guarantee. 8-K December 1, 2023 4.2 4.15 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 19, 2024, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., ESS Holdings Business Trust I and ESS Holdings Business Trust 