=== CMG_2026-04-28.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS CHIPOTLE S RECIPE FOR GROWTH FIVE KEY STRATEGIES 1. Protect and strengthen the core by driving operational and culinary excellence to deliver exceptional value for our guests; 2. Evolve brand messaging and accelerate menu innovation and new occasions that drive demand into our restaurants; 3. Modernize our business model with industry-leading technology, including leveraging artificial intelligence ( AI ) and relaunching our Rewards Program, to elevate the experience for our guests and teams; 4. Expand our global reach by scaling with intention through proven, company-owned and partner-operated markets, as well as strategic new regions; and 5. Cultivate the best talent in the industry that is energized and focused on speed and agility. TABLE OF CONTENTS DEAR SHAREHOLDERS, This past year tested our resilience, sharpened our focus, and ultimately strengthened the framework of our business for the future. Supported by our proven business model, disciplined investments in operational excellence, and the foundation of a robust balance sheet, 2025 marked a year of meaningful progress for Chipotle. Amid an evolving consumer landscape, we opened a record number of restaurants worldwide and delivered revenue growth. With more than 130,000 team members, we also furthered our mission to Cultivate a Better World in communities around the globe and made advancements in the strategic areas that we believe matter most for our long-term success. Our people are our greatest asset, and by consistently promoting from within, we cultivate strong leaders who understand our culture and propel our business forward. Last year, we had 23,000 internal promotions, including 100% of Regional Vice President roles, over 83% of Field Leader positions, and more than 85% of our General Managers. To further support our team members and streamline operations in our restaurants, we invested in back-of-house technology through our high-efficiency equipment package, which saves time and enhances culinary execution. The results in restaurants with the new equipment are compelling with higher taste-of-food and overall guest satisfaction scores, improved throughput and a meaningful increase in comparable sales. We also started testing catering with the new equipment and have been encouraged by the early results we have seen. Our marketing and menu innovation efforts reinforced the strength of our brand and deepened our connection with guests. We launched culturally relevant campaigns that tapped into real-time moments, leveraged digital and social platforms to increase engagement, and amplified our Food with Integrity commitment in fresh, compelling ways. At the same time, we introduced menu innovations like Chipotle Honey Chicken and Carne Asada; new occasions with Build-Your-Own-Chipotle and the High Protein cup; and limited-time sauces like Adobo Ranch and Red Chimichurri that generated excitement, attracted new guests, and encouraged frequency among loyal fans demonstrating our ability to pair bold marketing with culinary creativity to drive meaningful business impact. We also accelerated our expansion in North America, opening a record 334 new company-owned restaurants, including 21 in Canada. In Europe, we drove positive comparable sales and improved unit economics, and in the Middle East, we opened 11 partner-operated restaurants with Alshaya Group, bringing the regional total to 14. Additionally, we signed an agreement with SPC Group to open restaurants in South Korea and Singapore and with Alsea to open Chipotle locations in Mexico beginning in 2026. Through Chipotle Rewards, we further enhanced and personalized the guest experience, growing our active member base to over 21 million by delivering tailored journeys, relevant content, gamified badging, and engaging experiences including our Summer of Extras campaign and Freepotle helping to fuel increased frequency among loyalty members. We also drove innovation through a partnership with Zipline, the world s largest autonomous delivery system, and launched Zipotle to deliver digital orders to guests locations in the greater Dallas area. Additionally, our Cultivate Next venture fund made strategic investments in likeminded companies, driving change in areas such as supply chain and plant-based innovations in an effort to advance our mission. We made several leadership changes to position the brand for long-term success. Jason Kidd joined as Chief Operating Officer, bringing extensive large-scale, multi-unit retail experience. We also announced the retirement date of Jack Hartung, our long-standing Chief Financial Officer and former President and Chief Strategy Officer, and expanded Curt Garner s role to President, Chief Strategy and Technology Officer, with oversight of supply chain. Adam Rymer, a long term Chipotle employee with more than 15 years of company experience, succeeded Jack Hartung as Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, we elected Josh Weinstein, Chief Executive Officer and Board member of Carnival Corporation plc, to our Board of Directors. Looking ahead, our next phase of growth will be driven by a new strategy, which we call our Recipe for Growth, and includes the following pillars: Protect and strengthen the core by driving operational and culinary excellence to deliver exceptional value for our guests; Evolve the brand messaging and accelerate menu innovation and new occasions that drive demand into our restaurants; Modernize our business model with industry-leading technology, including leveraging AI and relaunching our Rewards Program, to elevate the experience for our guests and teams; Expand our global reach by scaling with intention through proven, company-owned and partner-operated markets, as well as strategic, new regions; and Cultivate the best talent in the industry that is energized and focused on speed and agility. By executing on these priorities, we expect to further strengthen our brand, position Chipotle for long-term sustainable growth, and deliver on our purpose to Cultivate a Better World. I have never been more confident in our brand or in our ability to win. Guided by our Recipe for Growth and our 2026 plan, we believe we are built to thrive in any environment accelerating transactions, moving with greater speed and agility, and creating durable, long-term value for our people, our guests and you, our shareholders. Sincerely, Scott Boatwright CEO, Chipotle Mexican Grill TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF MEETING The 2026 annual meeting of shareholders of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. will be a virtual meeting conducted exclusively via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMG2026 on Thursday, June 11, 2026 at 8:00 a.m. (PDT). Shareholders will consider and have an opportunity to vote on the following items: 1. Elect the ten director nominees named in the accompanying proxy statement, each to serve a one-year term; 2. Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our executive officers as disclosed in the accompanying proxy statement (known as say on pay ); 3. Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026; and 4. Transact such other business as may be properly brought before the meeting. Information about these matters is contained in the proxy statement that accompanies this notice. Only shareholders of record at the close of business on April 15, 2026 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the annual meeting. To participate in the virtual annual meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number that appears on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT . Please note that if you hold your shares through a broker, your broker cannot vote your shares on the election of directors or on the say on pay vote unless they have your specific instructions on how to vote. In order for your vote to be counted, please make sure that you submit your vote to your broker. By order of the Board of Directors Ilene Eskenazi Chief Legal and Human Resources Officer April 28, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Information About the Annual Meeting Date and Time: Thursday, June 11, 2026 8:00 am (PDT) Location: Live webcast online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMG2026 Record Date for Shareholders Entitled to Vote: April 15, 2026 Matters to be Voted on at the Annual Meeting and Board Recommendations Item Board s Voting Recommendation For More Information 1. Election of the ten director nominees named in this proxy statement For page 11 2. Advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers, as described in this proxy statement ( say on pay ) For page 29 3. Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm For page 30 Name Director Since Independent Age Audit Risk Committee Compensation, People Culture Committee Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Albert Baldocchi 1997 72 Scott Boatwright 2024 53 Matthew Carey 2021 61 Patricia Fili-Krushel 2019 72 CHAIR Laura Fuentes 2023 51 Mauricio Gutierrez 2021 55 Robin Hickenlooper 2016 47 CHAIR Scott Maw (1)(2) 2019 58 Josh Weinstein 2025 52 Mary Winston (2) 2020 64 CHAIR (1) Chairman of the Board of Directors. (2) Designated as an Audit Committee Financial Expert under the SEC rules. 2026 Proxy Statement | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Board Skills, Experience and Attributes LEADERSHIP 10 of 10 100% RESTAURANT / FOOD INDUSTRY / HOSPITALITY INDUSTRY 5 of 10 50% HR / TALENT MANAGEMENT / COMPENSATION 5 of 10 50% FINANCE / ACCOUNTING 6 of 10 60% CYBERSECURITY / IT SYSTEMS 2 of 10 20% RISK MANAGEMENT 5 of 10 50% BRANDING / MARKETING / MEDIA 5 of 10 50% DIGITAL / SOCIAL MEDIA / CONSUMER TRENDS 4 of 10 40% REAL ESTATE / COMMERCIAL LEASING 2 of 10 20% INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 7 of 10 70% SUSTAINABILITY / ENVIRONMENTAL 4 of 10 40% GOVERNMENT RELATIONS 1 of 10 10% INVESTOR RELATIONS / CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 8 of 10 80% 2 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Corporate Governance Highlights Nine of the ten members on our Board of Directors are independent. The Chairman of the Board is an independent director. The average tenure of the directors is seven years, and the average age of the directors is 59. All directors stand for election on an annual basis. Directors are elected by a majority of votes cast in uncontested elections and any director who does not receive a majority of votes cast is required to submit his or her resignation for consideration by the Board. Our Executive Compensation Recovery Policy is more comprehensive than the NYSE requirements and allows the Board to require forfeiture of an executive officer s compensation if they engaged in egregious conduct substantially detrimental to the company. Independent Board members meet in executive session at each quarterly Board meeting. All executive officers and directors are prohibited from hedging/pledging shares of our common stock. Our Bylaws contain proxy access provisions that enable qualifying shareholders to nominate directors for election to our Board. We have robust stock ownership requirements for executive officers and directors, which are among the highest CEO and CFO ownership requirements of our peer group of companies, as described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Our Bylaws permit holders of at least 25% of our outstanding common stock to call special meetings of shareholders. We do not have a shareholder rights plan or poison pill. We engage with major shareholders to seek their input on issues and to address their questions and concerns. Our compensation program is designed to motivate our employees to build shareholder value and promote the interests of all our stakeholders. See the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement for significant compensation policies and procedures. Highlights of Our Business 2025 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS AND SHAREHOLDER VALUE CREATION $11.9 BILLION REVENUE 5.4% increase from 2024 $1.14 Diluted EPS 2.7% increase from 2024 334 NROs 257 including a Chipotlane, and 11 international partner-operated restaurants $3.1 Million AUVs at 2025 year end 16.2% Operating Margin 25.4% RLM* 2025 restaurant level operating margin, a decrease from 26.7% in 2024 36.7% Digital Sales Percentage of total sales attributable to digital sales * Appendix A includes a reconciliation of restaurant level operating margin to the most directly comparable measure reported under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 2026 Proxy Statement | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY SUSTAINABILITY AND CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY HIGHLIGHTS In 2025, we reduced Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 17% compared to 2019, despite significant expansion of our restaurant portfolio. To help decouple emissions from growth, we focus on improving energy efficiency, lowering emissions intensity per restaurant, and expanding renewable energy solutions. In 2025, we installed our high-efficiency equipment package (HEEP) in more than 350 restaurants, including over 90 new locations. The package includes lower-carbon equipment, such as an electric dual-sided plancha and a higher-efficiency rice cooker, which increases capacity, reduces cook time and decreases fossil fuel reliance. We are dedicated to supporting people in the communities we serve. Through our Round Up for Real Change program, restaurant guests are offered the opportunity to round up their bill to the next highest dollar amount in the Chipotle app and on chipotle.com. In 2025, approximately $2.9 million was raised through this feature for community organizations. Food and Animals are at the core of our business, and we believe that how we grow our food is how we grow our future. We focus significant efforts on advancing our Food with Integrity principles, such as requiring responsibly raised meats, No Antibiotics Ever in our chicken, supplier transparency and traceability, high food safety requirements, and seeking organic and local ingredients. In 2025, Chipotle purchased over 50 million pounds of local ingredients, which is a 3.0 million pound increase over 2024. We believe that our people and culture give us a competitive advantage in our business, and we strive to develop employees and provide continuing opportunities for them to grow their leadership skills. In 2025, we had approximately 23,000 internal promotions. Additionally, nearly 90% of our restaurant leadership roles were filled through internal promotions, including 100% of U.S. Regional Vice President roles, over 83% of Field Leader positions and more than 85% of General Managers. We provide a range of learning opportunities designed to build skills, foster leadership and maintain a strong talent pipeline, which enables us to consistently promote from within and develop the next generation of leaders. 4 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary 1 Highlights of Our Business 3 Annual Meeting Information 7 Beneficial Ownership of Our Common Stock 10 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 11 Information Regarding the Director Nominees 11 Biographical Information 11 Director Nominees Skills, Experience and Attributes 16 Board Composition and Refreshment 17 Independence of Directors 17 Board Commitments 17 Committees of the Board 17 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 18 2025 Director Compensation 20 Corporate Governance 21 Board Leadership Structure 21 Board Performance and Self-Evaluation Process 21 How to Contact the Board of Directors 21 Executive Sessions 21 Director Nomination Process 21 Shareholder Engagement 22 Policies and Procedures for Review of Transactions with Related Persons 24 Role of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 24 Role of the Board of Directors in Succession Planning and Leadership Development 26 Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility 27 Culture and Inclusion 28 Insider Trading Policy and Our Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging 28 Proposal 2 Approval, on an advisory basis, of the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers as Disclosed in this Proxy Statement 29 Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 30 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Fees 31 Audit Risk Committee Report 31 Policy for Pre-Approval of Audit and Permitted Non-Audit Services 32 Executive Officers 33 Letter from the Compensation, People and Culture Committee of our Board of Directors 34 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 36 Executive Summary 36 2025 Performance Overview 36 2025 Advisory Say on Pay Vote on Executive Compensation and Shareholder Outreach 37 Executive Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 39 Executive Compensation Program Components and Structures 39 Most of Our Executive Compensation is At-Risk Pay, Dependent on Performance 40 Factors in Setting Executive Officer Pay 40 Roles and Responsibilities of the Committee, Compensation Consultant and the CEO in Setting Executive Officer Compensation 41 Role of Market Data and Our Peer Group 41 2025 Executive Compensation Program 43 Other Compensation-Related Policies 50 Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines 50 Executive Compensation Recovery Policy 50 Equity Grant Practices 50 Executive Compensation Agreements and Arrangements 51 Change in Control Severance Plan 51 Termination and Transition Agreements 51 Compensation Program Risk Assessment 51 Compensation, People and Culture Committee Report 53 2025 Compensation Tables 54 2025 Summary Compensation Table 54 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 55 Terms of 2025 Annual PSU Awards 55 Terms of 2025 Annual SOSAR Awards 56 Terms of 2025 Annual RSU Awards 56 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 2025 57 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2025 58 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2025 58 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 59 CEO Pay Ratio 63 Pay Versus Performance Table 64 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 67 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 67 Other Business at the Meeting 67 Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for 2027 Annual Meeting 67 Availability of SEC Filings, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Ethics and Committee Charters 68 Delivery of Materials to Shareholders with Shared Addresses 68 Miscellaneous 68 Appendix A: Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Information A-1 2026 Proxy Statement | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this proxy statement other than statements of historical fact, including statements relating to trends in or expected impacts of our initiatives, our Recipe for Growth and other strategies and plans, trends in or expectations regarding our future financial performance, long-term growth, and our plans and objectives for future operations such as growth in our average unit volumes, our goal for new restaurants and geographic expansion and our sustainability goals, are forward-looking statements. The words can, believe, may, should, will, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, seek, goal and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends and currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this proxy statement may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date of this proxy statement as a result of new information, future events or other developments, except as required by applicable laws and regulations. 6 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION This proxy statement contains information related to the virtual annual meeting of shareholders of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. to be held on Thursday, June 11, 2026, beginning at 8:00 a.m. (PDT) online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMG2026. This proxy statement was prepared under the direction of Chipotle s Board of Directors to solicit your proxy for use at the annual meeting. It was made available to shareholders on or about April 28, 2026. Virtual-only Annual Meeting Format To make the annual meeting accessible to more shareholders, the Board of Directors has determined to hold this year s annual meeting in a virtual-only format via live audio webcast. Attending the Annual Meeting To attend the virtual annual meeting, you must be a shareholder as of the close of business on the record date of April 15, 2026. Shareholders may attend the virtual annual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMG2026. The meeting will only be conducted via webcast; there will be no physical meeting location. To participate in the virtual annual meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number that appears on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or the instructions that accompanied the proxy materials. If you would like to attend the virtual annual meeting and you have your control number, please go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMG2026 around 15 minutes prior to the start of the meeting to log in. If you came through your brokerage firm s website and do not have your control number, you can gain access to the meeting by logging into your brokerage firm s website 15 minutes prior to the meeting start, selecting the shareholder communications mailbox to link through to the meeting and the control number will automatically populate. For optimal viewing and usage, this site is best viewed with a screen resolution of 1024x768 and above. If You have Technical Difficulties or Trouble Accessing the Annual Meeting Beginning 15 minutes prior to the meeting start, technicians will be available to assist you with any technical difficulties you may have accessing the meeting. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the annual meeting or during the meeting time, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the meeting website. Participation During the Virtual Annual Meeting Shareholders will have the ability to submit questions during the annual meeting via the annual meeting website at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMG2026. After the formal business of the annual meeting, we will hold a question and answer session, during which we will answer questions submitted during the meeting that are pertinent to Chipotle and the meeting matters, as time permits. Shareholders Eligible to Vote If you were a shareholder of record of our common stock as of the close of business on April 15, 2026, you are entitled to vote at the annual meeting, or at any postponement or adjournment of the annual meeting using the 16-digit control number that appears on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or the instructions that accompanied the proxy materials. On each matter to be voted on, you may cast one vote for each share of common stock you hold. As of April 15, 2026, there were 1,285,398,159 shares of common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Matters to be Voted on at the Annual Meeting and Board Recommendations You will be asked to vote on three proposals: Proposals Board Recommendation For More Information 1. Election of the ten director nominees named in this proxy statement FOR page 11 2. Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this proxy statement ( say on pay ) FOR page 29 3. Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 FOR page 30 The Board of Directors is not aware of any other matters to be presented for action at the meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION Information About How to Vote If you hold your shares through a broker, bank or other nominee in street name, you need to submit voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee to cast your vote. In most instances you can do this over the Internet. The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials that was provided to you has specific instructions for how to submit your vote, or if you have received or requested a hard copy of this proxy statement you may mark, sign, date and mail the accompanying voting instruction form in the postage-paid envelope provided. Your vote is revocable by following the procedures outlined in this proxy statement. Under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, on voting matters that the NYSE characterizes as routine, NYSE member firms have the discretionary authority to vote shares for which their customers do not provide voting instructions. On non-routine proposals, such uninstructed shares may not be voted by your broker. Only the proposal to ratify the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP (Proposal 3), is considered a routine matter for this purpose. None of the other proposals presented in this proxy statement are considered routine matters. Accordingly, if you hold your shares through a brokerage firm and do not provide timely voting instructions, your shares will be voted, if at all, only on Proposal 3. We strongly encourage you to exercise your right to vote in the election of directors and other matters to be voted on at the annual meeting. If you are a shareholder of record, you can vote your shares in advance of the meeting over the Internet as described in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials that was provided to you, or if you have received or requested a hard copy of this proxy statement and accompanying form of proxy card you may vote by telephone as described on the proxy card, or by mail by marking, signing, dating and mailing your proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided. Your vote is revocable by following the procedures outlined in this proxy statement. The method by which you vote will not limit your right to vote online at the virtual annual meeting. Instructions for voting online at the virtual annual meeting will be available at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMG2026. If you receive hard copy materials and sign and return your proxy card without specifying choices, your shares will be voted as recommended by the Board of Directors. Revocation of your proxy You can change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted at the annual meeting by: re-submitting your vote on the Internet, by telephone or by mail; if you are a shareholder of record, by sending a written notice of revocation to our Corporate Secretary at our principal offices, 610 Newport Center Dr., Suite 1100, Newport Beach, CA 92660; or if you are a shareholder of record, by attending the virtual annual meeting and voting online using your 16-digit control number. Attendance at the virtual annual meeting will not by itself revoke your proxy. Quorum requirement A quorum is necessary to conduct business at the annual meeting. At any meeting of our shareholders, the holders of a majority in voting power of our outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present via webcast or by proxy, constitutes a quorum for all purposes. You are part of the quorum if you have voted by proxy. Abstentions and broker non-votes count as shares present at the meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists. Broker non-votes A broker non-vote occurs when a broker, bank or other nominee who holds shares for another does not vote on a particular item because the nominee has not received instructions from the owner of the shares and does not have discretionary voting authority for that item. See Information About How to Vote above for more information. Votes required to approve each proposal Proposal 1 Re-election of each nominee for director requires that such nominee receive a majority of the votes cast regarding his or her election. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the outcome of the election of directors. Proposals 2 and 3 The say on pay advisory vote (Proposal 2) and the ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal 3) require the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power present at the annual meeting and entitled to vote on the matter in order to be approved. Abstentions represent shares entitled to vote and therefore will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST a proposal. Broker non-votes, which are expected to occur with respect to Proposal 2, are not counted as entitled to vote on these matters and therefore will have no effect on the outcome of the votes on these proposals. Because the say on pay advisory vote (Proposal 2) is advisory, the vote results will not be binding on the Board or the company. However, the Board will review the voting results and take them into consideration when making future decisions regarding executive compensation. Ratification of our appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm is not required and therefore the vote on Proposal 3 is also advisory only. See Proposal 3 for additional information about the effect of the voting outcome on this proposal. 8 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION Consequences if a nominee for director does not receive a majority of votes cast regarding his or her election. Our bylaws require that any director who does not receive at least a majority of votes cast must submit an irrevocable resignation to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, and the Committee must make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the resignation or whether other action should be taken. The Board must then act on the resignation, considering the Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose (by a press release and filing an appropriate disclosure with the SEC) its decision regarding the resignation, and if such resignation is rejected the rationale behind the decision, within 90 days following certification of the election results. The Committee in making its recommendation and the Board in making its decision each may consider any factors and information that they consider appropriate and relevant. Delivery of proxy materials We have elected to deliver our proxy materials electronically over the Internet as permitted by rules of the SEC. As required by these rules, we are distributing to our shareholders of record and beneficial owners as of the close of business on April 15, 2026 a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. On the date of distribution of the notice, all shareholders and beneficial owners will have the ability to access all of the proxy materials at the URL address included in the notice. If you would like to request a copy of the materials for this and/or future shareholder meetings, you may (1) visit wwww.ProxyVote.com, (2) call 1-800-579-1639, or (3) send an email to sendmaterial@proxyvote.com. Requests by e-mail should include the control number included on the notice you received. If you would like to receive the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials via e-mail rather than regular mail in future years, please follow the instructions on the notice, or enroll on the Investors page of our corporate website at ir.chipotle.com . Delivering future notices by e-mail will help us reduce the cost and environmental impact of our annual meeting. Proxy solicitation costs We will pay the cost of preparing, assembling and mailing the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials; of making these proxy materials available on the Internet and providing hard copies of the materials to shareholders who request them; and of reimbursing brokers, nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians for the out-of-pocket and clerical expenses of transmitting copies of the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and the proxy materials themselves to beneficial owners of our shares. A few of our directors, officers and employees may participate in the solicitation of proxies, without additional compensation, by telephone, e-mail or other electronic means or in person. We have also engaged Alliance Advisors, LLC to assist us in the solicitation of proxies, for which we have agreed to pay a fee of $29,500 plus reimbursement of customary expenses. 2026 Proxy Statement | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK The following table shows the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock as of April 15, 2026 (unless otherwise noted) by: each person (or group of affiliated persons) known to us to beneficially own more than 5 percent of our common stock; each of the named executive officers listed in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table appearing later in this proxy statement; each of our directors; and all of our current executive officers and directors as a group. The number of shares beneficially owned by each shareholder is determined under SEC rules and generally includes shares for which the holder has voting or investment power. The information does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any other purpose. The percentage of beneficial ownership shown in the following tables is based on 1,285,398,159 outstanding shares of common stock as of April 15, 2026. For purposes of calculating each person s or group s percentage ownership, shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the terms of stock options, stock appreciation rights or restricted stock units exercisable or vesting within 60 days after April 15, 2026 are included as outstanding and beneficially owned for that person or group, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or group. Name of Beneficial Owner Shares Beneficially Owned (Outstanding) Shares Beneficially Owned (Right to Acquire) (1) Total Shares Beneficially Owned Percentage of Class Beneficially Owned Beneficial holders of more than 5% of outstanding common stock The Vanguard Group, Inc. (2) 144,587,720 0 144,587,720 11.25% Capital World Investors (3) 101,787,624 0 101,787,624 7.92% Directors and Named Executive Officers Scott Boatwright 289,162 475,100 764,262 * Adam Rymer 42,621 94,700 137,321 * Curt Garner 364,784 889,350 1,254,134 * Chris Brandt (4) 491,347 431,250 922,597 * Roger Theodoredis 108,338 112,100 220,438 * Jack Hartung (5) 3,506,648 911,600 4,418,248 * Albert Baldocchi (6) 3,224,432 0 3,224,432 * Matthew Carey 59,802 0 59,802 * Patricia Fili-Krushel (7) 36,426 0 36,426 * Laura Fuentes 11,402 0 11,402 * Mauricio Guttierez 35,552 0 35,552 * Robin Hickenlooper 43,412 0 43,412 * Scott Maw 42,572 0 42,572 * Josh Weinstein 3,407 0 3,407 Mary Winston 30,802 0 30,802 * All current directors and executive officers as a group (15 people) 4,342,830 1,695,600 6,038,430 0.45% * Less than one percent. (1) Consists of shares underlying stock-only stock appreciation rights that are vested on, or that will vest within 60 days after, April 15, 2026. (2) Based on a report on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 7, 2026, The Vanguard Group, Inc. has sole voting power with respect to zero shares, shared voting power with respect to 8,433,216 shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 131,302,323 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 13,285,397 shares. According to its most recent Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on March 26, 2026, The Vanguard Group reported that it beneficially owns zero shares as of January 12, 2026 following an internal reorganization pursuant to which The Vanguard Group s beneficial ownership has been disaggregated. In the March 26, 2026 Schedule 13G/A, The Vanguard Group noted that certain subsidiaries or business divisions of subsidiaries of The Vanguard Group that formerly had, or were deemed to have, beneficial ownership with The Vanguard Group will report beneficial ownership separately (on a disaggregated basis) from The Vanguard Group. The address of The Vanguard Group, Inc. is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. (3) Based solely on a report on Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2026 reflecting ownership as of December 31, 2025. The address of Capital World Investors is 333 South Hope Street, 55 th Floor, Los Angeles, California 90071. Of the total shares of common stock beneficially owned, Capital World Investors has sole voting power with respect to 101,768,440 shares, shared voting power with respect to zero shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 101,787,624 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to zero shares. (4) Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Brandt include 338,545 shares held in two trusts for the benefit of his children. (5) Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Hartung include 949,450 shares in a trust for Mr. Hartung s benefit, which is managed by an independent trustee, 700 shares in trusts for the benefit of Mr. Hartung and his wife and 2,750 shares held by his wife. (6) Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Baldocchi include 2,362,500 shares held in a trust established for benefit of his children, and 854,430 shares he holds jointly with his wife. (7) Shares beneficially owned by Ms. Fili-Krushel include 50 shares she holds jointly with her husband. 10 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Board of Directors currently has ten members, with each director serving for a one-year term. At the annual meeting, shareholders will vote on the ten nominees named below. Each of the director nominees was elected at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, except for Josh Weinstein, who was elected to the Board in November 2025. Mr. Weinstein initially was recommended to our Board by an executive recruiting firm retained by the Board to assist in identifying, evaluating and conducting due diligence on potential director candidates. Each director nominee was nominated for re-election to the Board upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and has consented to serve if elected; however, if any nominee is unable to serve or will not serve for any reason, the directors may decide to reduce the size of the Board or the persons designated on the accompanying form of proxy will vote for other candidates in accordance with their judgment. We are not aware of any reason the nominees would not be able to serve if elected. The Board of Directors held five meetings in 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board and of Committees of which he or she was a member during the time in which they served as a member of the Board in 2025. The Board requests that each director attend our annual shareholder meeting absent extenuating circumstances, and all directors who were serving on the date of the 2025 annual meeting attended the meeting. There are no family relationships among our directors, or between our directors and executive officers. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the director nominees. INFORMATION REGARDING THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES Biographical Information The following is biographical information about each nominee, including a description of the experience, qualifications and skills that have led the Board to determine that each nominee should serve on the Board. If elected, the terms of all director nominees will expire as of the date of next year s annual meeting of shareholders. Each director will hold office until their successors are elected and have qualified or their earlier resignation or removal. The age of each director is as of June 11, 2026, the date of the annual meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Albert S. Baldocchi Age: 72 Director Since : 1997 Background: Mr. Baldocchi has been self-employed since 2000 as a financial consultant and strategic advisor for, and investor in, a variety of privately held companies. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley and an MBA from Stanford University. Qualifications: Mr. Baldocchi s extensive involvement with restaurant companies for almost 30 years has given him an in-depth knowledge of restaurant company finance, operations and strategy. He also has considerable experience with high-growth companies in the restaurant industry and in other industries, and his experience as a senior investment banker at a number of prominent institutions, including Morgan Stanley, Solomon Brothers and Montgomery Securities, helped him develop solid capabilities in accounting and finance as well. How I Chipotle: Burrito with white rice, pinto beans, barbacoa, tomatillo-green chili salsa and sour cream, with a side of guacamole and chips. Scott Boatwright Age: 53 Director Since : November 2024 Background: Mr Boatwright has served as Chief Executive Officer of Chipotle and a member of our Board of Directors since November 2024, and he served as Interim Chief Executive Officer from August to November 2024. He joined Chipotle in May 2017 and served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Restaurant Officer prior to his current role. Before joining Chipotle, Mr. Boatwright spent 18 years with Arby s Restaurant Group, a quick serve restaurant company, in various leadership positions, including for the last six years as the Senior Vice President of Operations, where he was responsible for the performance of over 1,700 Arby s restaurants in numerous states. He previously served on the board of directors of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. Mr. Boatwright holds an MBA from the J. Mack Robinson College of Business at Georgia State University. Qualifications: Mr. Boatwright has significant operational and strategic leadership experience, both at Chipotle and other large companies, has a proven track record of driving operational results at scale and has a proven ability to assemble and lead high performing teams in both turnaround and growth situations. How I Chipotle: Burrito Bowl with double chicken, black beans, corn salsa, tomatillo-green chili salsa, tomatillo-red chili salsa and cheese, with a side of chips and guacamole. Matthew A. Carey Age : 61 Director Since : 2021 Background: Mr Carey served as an Executive Vice President of The Home Depot, Inc., a home improvement retailer, from September 2008 to December 2024, including serving as Executive Vice President of Customer Experience and as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Carey served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at eBay Inc. He also held various positions with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., with his final role as Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Carey has significant cybersecurity expertise through his prior positions as the chief technology officer of large retail companies. He currently serves on the Board of Directors for Genuine Parts Company and previously served as a member of the Boards of Directors of Geeknet Inc. and TransUnion Corp. Mr. Carey received an Associate of Applied Science degree from Oklahoma State University-Okmulgee. Qualifications: Mr. Carey has significant operational and strategic leadership experience and also brings to our Board extensive experience with information technology, cybersecurity and managing a global retail environment. How I Chipotle: Burrito Bowl with black beans, pinto beans, double chicken, tomatillo-green chili salsa, cheese and a side of guacamole. 12 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Patricia Fili-Krushel Age : 72 Director Since : 2019 Background: Ms. Fili-Krushel served as Chief Executive Officer of Coqual (formerly Center for Talent Innovation), a New York City based think tank that focuses on global talent strategies, from January 2019 until February 2021. She currently serves as a director of Coqual and previously served as Chair of its Board of Directors. From 2011 to 2016, she served as an executive at Comcast Corporation, a global media and technology company; as Division Chairman, NBCUniversal News Group; and as Executive Vice President, NBCUniversal. Prior to that, Ms. Fili-Krushel served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Time Warner Inc., a global media and entertainment company, from 2001 to 2011; as President CEO, WebMD Health Division, of WebMD Health Corp., from 2000 to 2001; as President, ABC Television Network, and President, ABC Daytime, Disney-ABC Television Group, of The Walt Disney Company, a diversified worldwide entertainment company; and as Senior Vice President, Programming of Lifetime Entertainment Services, an entertainment and media company, from 1988 to 1992. She serves as a director of Reddit, Inc., and is a member of the Board of Trustees for PEN America. She previously served as a director of Dollar General Corporation. Ms. Fili-Krushel received a bachelor s degree in communications from Saint John s University, and an MBA from Fordham University. Qualifications: Ms. Fili-Krushel has extensive leadership, human resources and compensation experience and her contributions to the Board include broad experience in managing global businesses, developing business strategy, talent management and creating organizational cultures. She also brings experience serving on the boards of directors of other public companies. How I Chipotle: Burrito bowl with brown rice, chicken, black beans, fresh tomato salsa, cheese, guacamole and chips. Laura Fuentes Age: 51 Director Since: 2023 Background: Ms. Fuentes is the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., a role she s held since 2020, and is head of Hilton Supply Management. Prior to that, she served as Chief Talent and Diversity Officer and in several other executive roles at Hilton since joining the company in 2013. For six years, Ms. Fuentes served in various corporate strategy and Human Resources roles at Capital One Financial Corporation. Before that, she worked at McKinsey Company advising clients across various industries in their Madrid, New York, and Washington, D.C offices. She serves as the board chair of the nonprofit organization Make-a-Wish Mid-Atlantic, and on the Community Council for the Arlington Free Clinic. Additionally, she represents Hilton on the Tent US Advisory Council for refugees and serves on the advisory board for the University of Virginia McIntire School of Commerce. Originally from Spain, Ms. Fuentes holds a Bachelor of Science from the University of Virginia, a Master of Science in Structural Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin and an MBA from Columbia University. Qualifications: Ms. Fuentes brings to the Board broad global people leadership experience and a deep understanding of the global hospitality industry. She also has extensive experience with strategic planning, leading a senior management team and creating an international organizational culture. How I Chipotle: Burrito bowl with white rice, fajita vegetables, black beans, guacamole, fresh tomato salsa, cheese and sour cream. Mauricio Gutierrez Age: 55 Director Since : 2021 Background: Mr. Gutierrez served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NRG Energy, Inc., an integrated power company, from December 2015 to November 2023. He joined NRG in August 2004 and served in multiple executive positions within NRG, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of NRG from July 2010 to December 2015; Executive Vice President Commercial Operations from January 2009 to July 2010; and Senior Vice President Commercial Operations from March 2008 to January 2009. Mr. Gutierrez also served as the Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Clearway Energy, Inc. (formerly NRG Yield, Inc.), an energy infrastructure investor and owner that was spun off from NRG Energy in 2015, from December 2015 to May 2016, and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Clearway from December 2012 to December 2015. Mr. Gutierrez held various positions within Dynegy s commercial and trading organization and Mexico City-based DTP Consultores. He serves as a member of the Boards of Directors of Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose (CECP) and Drexel University, and previously served on the board of NRG Energy, Inc. and Clearway Energy, Inc. Mr. Gutierrez holds a Bachelor s degree in Industrial Engineering from the Universidad Panamericana, a Master s Degree in Mineral Economics from the Colorado School of Mines and a Master s Degree in Petroleum Economics from the French Petroleum Institute. Qualifications: Mr. Gutierrez s experience as a chief executive officer brings to our Board management s perspective on leading day-to-day business operations. He also has extensive experience with strategic planning, leading a senior management team, risk management and environmental and sustainability issues. How I Chipotle: Burrito with Carne Asada, white rice, pinto beans, guacamole, with tomatillo-green chili salsa and chips. 2026 Proxy Statement | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Robin Hickenlooper Age : 47 Director Since : 2016 Background: Ms. Hickenlooper is Senior Vice President of Corporate Development at Liberty Media Corporation, an owner of media, communications and entertainment businesses, and has served in senior corporate development roles at Liberty Media and its affiliates since 2010. Prior to joining Liberty Media in 2008, Ms. Hickenlooper worked at Del Monte Foods and in investment banking at Thomas Weisel Partners. Ms. Hickenlooper previously served on the Boards of Directors of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and FTD Companies, Inc. She earned a Bachelor s Degree in Public Policy from Duke University and an MBA from Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Qualifications: Ms. Hickenlooper brings to the Board significant experience in marketing and new media, as well as public company corporate governance. How I Chipotle: Salad with brown rice, chicken, fresh tomato salsa, tomatillo-green chili salsa, cheese and guacamole, with a touch of sour cream and chips crumbled on top. Scott Maw Age : 58 Director Since : 2019 Background: Mr. Maw was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Starbucks Corporation, a global roaster and retailer of specialty coffee, from 2014 until his retirement at the end of 2018. He also was Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance at Starbucks from 2012 to 2013, and Senior Vice President and Global Controller from 2011 to 2012. He also served as a Managing Director at WestRiver Group, a private equity investment firm, from August 2019 to August 2020 and as a Senior Advisor from August 2020 until February 2021. From 2010 to 2011, he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SeaBright Holdings, Inc., a specialty workers compensation insurer. From 2008 to 2010, he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Consumer Bank at JP Morgan Chase Company. Prior to this, Mr. Maw held leadership positions in finance at Washington Mutual, Inc. from 2003 to 2008, and GE Capital from 1994 to 2003. Prior to joining GE Capital, Mr. Maw worked at KPMG s audit practice from 1990 to 1994. He currently serves as a member of the Boards of Directors of Avista Corporation and Alcon Inc. (until April 30, 2026) and serves on the Board of Trustees of Gonzaga University. He previously served on the Board of Directors of Root, Inc. Mr. Maw holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Gonzaga University. Qualifications: Mr. Maw brings to our Board expert knowledge in finance, accounting, risk management and public corporate governance and has extensive experience leading global teams. How I Chipotle: Burrito bowl with Carne Asada or chicken, white rice, black beans, cheese, fresh tomato salsa and tomatillo-red chili salsa. Josh Weinstein Age: 52 Director Since : 2025 Background: Mr. Weinstein is the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Carnival Corporation plc, one of the world s largest leisure travel companies. An over 20-year company veteran, he became CEO in August 2022 after leading Carnival s operational response and restart following the COVID-19 suspension of guest operations. From June 2020 to July 2022, Mr. Weinstein served as Chief Operations Officer, overseeing global maritime operations, ports and destinations, sourcing, IT, auditing and Carnival UK. Previously, he served as President of Carnival UK from 2017 to 2020 and Treasurer of Carnival Corporation from 2007 to 2017, following five years as an attorney in the corporate legal department. Prior to joining Carnival, Mr. Weinstein practiced corporate law. He also serves on the Board of Trustees for the Perez Art Museum Miami. He is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and the New York University School of Law. Qualifications: Mr. Weinstein has significant experience in global operations, finance, marketing, legal, human capital management and developing business strategy. He provides our Board with executive leadership perspective on day-to-day operations and the management of global public companies. How I Chipotle: Burrito bowl with chicken, 1/2 brown rice, black beans, pinto beans, cheese, fajita veggies, fresh tomato salsa and tomatillo-red chili sauce. 14 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Mary Winston Age: 64 Director Since : 2020 Background: Ms. Winston is the Founder and President of WinsCo Enterprises, Inc., a consulting firm providing financial and board governance advisory services since 2016. She served as interim Chief Executive Officer of Bed Bath Beyond Inc., a retail chain, from May 2019 to November 2019, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Family Dollar Stores, a leading discount retailer, from 2012 until it was acquired by Dollar Tree in 2015. Prior to that, Ms. Winston served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Giant Eagle, Inc., a supermarket chain, from 2008 to 2012, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Scholastic Corporation, a global children s publishing, education and media company, from 2004 to 2007. Ms. Winston currently serves on the Boards of Directors of The Toronto-Dominion Bank and Northrop Grumman Corporation. She also serves on the Boards of Directors of Toronto Dominion Bank s U.S. subsidiary, National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD), and Bechtler Museum of Modern Art. Ms. Winston previously served on the Boards of Directors of Acuity Brands, Inc., Dover Corporation, Bed, Bath Beyond, Domtar Corporation, Plexus Corporation and Supervalu Inc. She holds a bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Wisconsin, an MBA in Finance, Marketing and International Business from Northwestern University s Kellogg Graduate School, and is a CPA, as well as a NACD Board Leadership Fellow. Qualifications: Ms. Winston brings us extensive experience and expertise from years of broad financial management and executive leadership experience, including serving as CFO of three large companies. She also brings to the Board valuable experience in consumer businesses, risk oversight, capital allocation, executive compensation and general corporate governance matters. How I Chipotle: Burrito bowl with chicken, brown rice, fajita veggies, cheese and fresh tomato salsa. 2026 Proxy Statement | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees Skills, Experience and Attributes The table below summarizes the key experience, qualifications, and attributes of each director nominee and highlights the balanced mix of experience, qualifications, and attributes of the Board as a whole. We believe these skills, experiences and attributes are important to our company s achievement of its strategic goals and enhancing our economic model to benefit our shareholders. The summary below is not intended to be an exhaustive list of each director nominee s skills or contributions to the Board. No individual experience, qualification, or attribute is solely dispositive of becoming a member of our Board. Director Skills and Experience Albert Baldocchi Scott Boatwright Matthew Carey Patricia Fili-Krushel Laura Fuentes Mauricio Gutierrez Robin Hickenlooper Scott Maw Josh Weinstein Mary Winston Leadership Restaurant / Food / Hospitality Industry HR / Talent Management / Compensation Finance / Accounting Cybersecurity / IT Systems Risk Management Branding / Marketing / Media Digital / Social Media / Consumer Trends Real Estate / Commercial Leasing International Operations Sustainability / Environmental Government Relations Investor Relations / Corporate Governance Descriptions Leadership experience serving in a significant leadership position, including as CEO or executive officer of an organization or a large business division or unit; experience serving on a public company board Restaurant / Food / Hospitality Industry experience in the restaurant or hospitality industries, including as an executive at a restaurant company, a restaurant owner or manager; experience with sourcing and supply or food safety / quality assurance HR / Talent Management / Compensation experience in recruiting, talent development, management, labor relations and employment compliance Finance / Accounting experience in preparing and/or overseeing financial reporting and accounting systems, public company reporting requirements and internal controls; knowledge of financial markets, financing, and capital structure activities Cybersecurity / IT Systems experience or expertise in information technology systems and policies, information security, data privacy and/or cybersecurity Risk Management experience identifying, managing and/or overseeing the mitigation of enterprise risks Branding / Marketing / Media experience in marketing and branding products, product innovation, building brand awareness, enhancing corporate reputation, overseeing customer relations or crisis management Digital / Social Media / Consumer Trends experience in digital and/or ecommerce environments, online consumer engagement and retention, social media strategy and digital revenue generating opportunities Real Estate / Commercial Leasing experience in site selection, construction, property management and administration International Operations experience in operating or overseeing business outside the U.S., including developing a growth strategy, overseeing expansion, knowledge of non-U.S. regulations, organizational structures and tax implications, understanding global business cultures, consumer preferences, and economic, regulatory and political conditions Sustainability / Environmental experience leading or overseeing efforts to mitigate environmental impact, achieve waste reduction, initiate strategic and responsible sourcing and understanding social and governance issues Government Relations experience with lobbying, advocacy, stakeholder engagement, and overseeing regulatory changes, investigations and compliance Investor Relations / Corporate Governance knowledge of corporate governance practices and policies, experience engaging with shareholders and other stakeholders regarding strategy, financial results, executive compensation and corporate governance 16 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board Composition and Refreshment We seek to strike the right balance between retaining directors with deep knowledge of the company and adding directors who bring a fresh perspective. Of the ten director nominees, five have served on the Board for five years or less. From time to time the Board retains an executive recruiting firm to assist in identifying, evaluating and conducting due diligence on potential director candidates. Independence of Directors Our Board of Directors, under the direction of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, reviews the independence of our directors to determine whether any relationships, transactions or arrangements involving any director or any family member or affiliate of a director may be deemed to compromise the director s independence from us, including under the independence standards contained in the rules of the NYSE. Based on that review, in March 2025, the Board determined that none of our directors or director nominees has any relationships, transactions or arrangements that would compromise his or her independence, except Scott Boatwright, who serves as our CEO. In making its determination as to the independence of Board members, the Board determined that the registration rights granted to Mr. Baldocchi as described under Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions do not create a material conflict of interest or otherwise compromise the independence of Mr. Baldocchi in performing his duties as a Board member. Accordingly, the Board concluded that each director and director nominee, other than Mr. Boatwright, qualifies as independent. Board Commitments To ensure that our directors can devote appropriate time to Chipotle matters and as a matter of good governance, our Board of Directors maintains limits on the number of public company boards on which a Chipotle director can serve. Our policy is contained in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and states that a director should not serve on more than four publicly traded companies boards (including Chipotle s Board) or, if the Director is serving as an executive officer of a public company, no more than two publicly traded companies boards (including Chipotle s Board). In addition, directors who are members of our Audit Risk Committee may not serve concurrently on the audit committees of more than three publicly traded companies (including Chipotle s Audit Risk Committee) unless the Board determines that such simultaneous service would not impair the ability of such director to effectively serve on Chipotle s Audit Risk Committee. The Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Chairman of the Board regularly review compliance with this policy and all of our directors were in compliance as of April 2026. Committees of the Board Our Board of Directors has three standing committees: (1) Audit Risk Committee, (2) Compensation, People and Culture Committee, and (3) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and each is composed entirely of persons the Board has determined to be independent as described above. Each member of the Audit Risk Committee has also been determined by the Board to be independent under the definition included in SEC Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) and each member of the Compensation, People and Culture Committee has been determined to be independent under NYSE Rule 303A.02(a)(ii) and Rule 10C-1 of the Exchange Act. Each Committee operates pursuant to a written charter adopted by our Board of Directors, which sets forth the Committee s role and responsibilities and provides for an annual evaluation of its performance. The charters of all three standing committees are available on the Investors page of our corporate website at ir.chipotle.com under Corporate Governance. Audit Risk Committee 100% INDEPENDENT Mary Winston CHAIR Matthew Carey Scott Maw 8 MEETINGS HELD IN 2025 In accordance with its charter, the Audit Risk Committee acts to oversee the integrity of our financial statements and system of internal controls; the annual independent audit of our financial statements; the performance of our internal audit function (including review of audit plans, budget and staffing); the implementation and effectiveness of our risk assessment and risk management policies and procedures; our cybersecurity, privacy and data security programs, policies and initiatives; our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and our response to actual and alleged violations, including claims of harassment, discrimination or alleged violations of applicable employment laws; and the implementation and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. In performing its functions, the Audit Risk Committee acts only in an oversight capacity and necessarily relies on the work and assurance of the company s management and independent registered public accounting firm which, in its reports, expresses opinions on the fair presentation of the company s financial statements and the effectiveness of the company s internal controls over financial reporting. The Audit Risk Committee s responsibilities also include review of the qualifications, independence and performance of the independent registered public accounting firm, which reports directly to the Audit Risk Committee. The Committee also reviews and approves our annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC, our earnings press releases, and all transactions with related persons or situations that pose a potential conflict of interest that are required to be disclosed in the company s proxy statement or other SEC reports. The Committee regularly holds executive sessions with the audit partner for continued assessment of the performance, effectiveness and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Risk Committee also retains, determines the compensation of, evaluates and, when appropriate, replaces our independent registered public accounting firm and pre-approves audit and permitted non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Risk Committee has adopted the Policy Relating to Pre-Approval of Audit and Permitted Non-Audit Services under which audit and non-audit services to be provided to us by our independent registered public accounting firm are pre-approved. This policy is summarized on page 32 of this proxy statement. The Committee determined that the fees paid to the independent registered public accounting firm in 2025, including in connection with non-audit services, were appropriate, necessary and cost-efficient in the management of our 2026 Proxy Statement | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS business, and did not present a risk of compromising the auditor s independence. The Audit Risk Committee also has adopted and annually reviews compliance with the company s Hiring Policy for Former Employees of Independent Auditor Firm, which further ensures that the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm is not impaired. As required by law, the Audit Risk Committee has approved procedures to handle complaints received regarding our accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. It is also required to ensure the confidentiality of employees who have provided information or expressed concern regarding questionable accounting or auditing practices. The Audit Risk Committee also fulfills the oversight function of the Board with respect to risk management, as described under Corporate Governance Role of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight. The Committee may retain independent advisors at our expense that it considers necessary for the performance of its duties. The Audit Risk Committee held eight meetings in 2025. The members of the Audit Risk Committee are Mary Winston (Chairperson), Matt Carey and Scott Maw. Our Board of Directors has determined that all the Audit Risk Committee members meet the enhanced independence standards required of audit committee members by SEC regulations and are financially literate as defined in the NYSE listing standards. The Board has further determined that each of Mr. Maw and Ms. Winston qualifies as an Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined in SEC regulations. In 2025, no member of the Audit Risk Committee served on more than three audit or similar committees of publicly held companies, including Chipotle. A report of the Audit Risk Committee is found under the heading Audit Risk Committee Report on page 31 . Compensation, People and Culture Committee 100% INDEPENDENT Patricia Fili-Krushel CHAIR Laura Fuentes Mauricio Gutierrez 7 MEETINGS HELD IN 2025 The Compensation, People and Culture Committee oversees our executive compensation policies and programs. In accordance with its charter, the Committee determines the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer based on an evaluation of his performance and approves the compensation of our other executive officers following an evaluation of their performance and recommendation by the Chief Executive Officer. The process the Committee follows in determining the compensation of our executive officers is described in more detail below under Compensation Discussion and Analysis. The Compensation, People and Culture Committee charter also grants the Committee the authority to: review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the establishment and terms of all new incentive compensation and equity-based plans; review and approve the terms of written employment agreements and post-service arrangements for executive officers; review our compensation programs generally to ensure they support the company s overall business strategy and avoid undue risk; recommend compensation to be paid to our outside directors; review and advise the Board on executive compensation-related disclosures to be filed with the SEC and distributed to our shareholders; oversee our management of and response to human capital matters, including recruitment and retention of employees, pay equity and relative compensation and benefits offered to employees across the company; with the full Board, oversee the succession planning process relating to executive officer positions; oversee and make recommendations to the Board regarding amendments to and enforcement of our Executive Compensation Recovery Policy; assist the Board with its responsibilities for our compensation and benefits programs generally; and perform other administrative matters relating to our compensation programs and policies. The Committee may delegate any of its responsibilities to a subcommittee comprised of one or more members of the Committee, except where such delegation is not allowed by legal or regulatory requirements. The Compensation, People and Culture Committee also administers our 2022 Stock Incentive Plan and makes awards under the plan, including as described below under Compensation Discussion and Analysis 2025 Compensation Program Fiscal 2025 Annual LTI Awards. The Committee annually delegates its authority under the plan to several executive officers to grant equity awards to non-executive officer level employees, within limitations specified by the Committee in its delegation of authority. In 2025, the Compensation, People and Culture Committee retained a new independent executive compensation consulting firm, Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC ( Meridian ), to advise the Committee and provide a fresh perspective regarding compensation matters for, and the equity compensation awards made to, our executive officers during 2025. All of the fees paid to Meridian during 2025 were in connection with the firm s work on executive and director compensation matters on behalf of the Committee; no fees were paid to the firm for any other work. Meridian was retained pursuant to an engagement letter with the Compensation, People and Culture Committee, and the Committee determined that the firm s service to Chipotle did not and does not give rise to any conflict of interest and considers Meridian to have sufficient independence from our company and executive officers to allow it to offer objective advice. The Compensation, People and Culture Committee held seven meetings in 2025. The members of the Compensation, People and Culture Committee are Pat Fili-Krushel (Chairperson), Laura Fuentes and Mauricio Gutierrez. A report of the Committee is found under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation, People and Culture Committee Report on page 53 . Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation There are no relationships between the members of the Committee and our executive officers of the type contemplated in the SEC s rules requiring disclosure of compensation committee interlocks. None of the members of the Compensation, People and Culture Committee is our employee and no member has been an officer of our company at any time. The Board has determined that each member of the Committee qualifies as a Non-Employee Director under SEC Rule 16b-3, and that each member satisfies the standards of NYSE Rule 303A.02(a)(ii) regarding independence of compensation committee members. No member of the Committee nor any organization of which any member of the Committee is an officer or director received any payments from us during 2025, other than the payments disclosed under Director Compensation below. 18 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 100% INDEPENDENT Robin Hickenlooper CHAIR Albert Baldocchi Josh Weinstein 4 MEETINGS HELD IN 2025 The responsibilities of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee include reviewing, at least annually, the adequacy of our corporate governance principles and recommending to the Board any changes to such principles as deemed appropriate; recommending to the Board appropriate guidelines and criteria to determine the qualifications to serve and continue to serve as a director; overseeing our policies and programs relating to environmental matters, sustainability and social responsibility and the effectiveness of those policies and programs; and overseeing our government affairs initiatives and policies. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identifies and reviews the qualifications of, and recommends to the Board, (i) individuals to be nominated by the Board for election to the Board at each annual meeting, (ii) individuals to be appointed to fill any vacancy on the Board which occurs for any reason (including increasing the size of the Board), (iii) appointments to committees of the Board, and (iv) the selection of a chair for each Board committee. The Committee, at least annually, reviews the size, composition and organization of the Board and its committees and recommends any policies, changes or other action it deems necessary or appropriate, including recommendations to the Board regarding retirement age, resignation or removal of a director, independence requirements, leadership structure of the Board, frequency of Board meetings and terms of directors. A number of these matters are covered in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which the Committee reviews at least annually. The Committee also reviews any potential shareholder proposals, including director candidates nominated by our shareholders, if such proposals are within the time limits and meet other requirements established by our bylaws and makes recommendations to the Board regarding those proposals. The Committee oversees the annual evaluation of the performance of the Board and its committees, the effectiveness of our policies and programs relating to environmental, sustainability and social responsibility policies, goals and programs, our Government Affairs initiatives and policies and orientation and education programs for directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held four meetings in 2025. The members of the Committee are Robin Hickenlooper (Chairperson), Albert Baldocchi and Josh Weinstein. Director Compensation The Compensation, People and Culture Committee of the Board reviews and makes recommendations to the full Board on compensation provided to non-employee directors at least biennially, as required by its charter. Directors who are employees of Chipotle do not receive compensation for their services as directors. We also reimburse directors for expenses incurred in connection with their service as directors, including travel expenses for meetings. The table below describes the compensation program for our non-employee directors, as amended in August 2025. Non-Employee Director Compensation Cash Retainer (1) Stock Awards (2) Annual Director Retainer All Directors $ 110,000 $215,000 Chairman of the Board, if applicable $200,000 Lead Independent Director, if applicable $ 50,000 Committee Chair Retainers: Audit Risk $ 42,500 Compensation, People Culture $ 37,500 Nominating and Corporate Governance $ 30,000 Committee Member Retainers (Excluding Committee Chair): Audit Risk $ 15,000 Compensation, People Culture $ 15,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance $ 10,000 * The lead independent director annual retainer is only applicable if the Chairman of the Board is not independent. (1) All cash retainers are paid in arrears, on a pro-rata basis, at the end of May and November. Directors also would be paid an additional $2,000 fee for each formal Committee meeting in excess of eight formal meetings in which the director participates as a Committee member. Directors may elect to receive fully vested, unrestricted shares of our common stock in lieu of some or all of the cash compensation they are entitled to receive. (2) On the date of our annual meeting of shareholders each year, each non-employee director receives an award of fully vested, unrestricted shares of our common stock. The number of shares subject to the award is calculated as $215,000 divided by the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. Prior to the end of the calendar year immediately preceding the year of grant, directors are given the opportunity to elect to defer the receipt of such shares. Under our stock ownership requirements for our directors, each non-employee director is required to own Chipotle common stock with a market value of five times the annual cash retainer within five years of the director s election to the Board. All non-employee directors met this requirement as of December 31, 2025 except Laura Fuentes, who was elected to the Board in September 2023, and Josh Weinstein, who was elected to the Board in November 2025. Ms. Fuentes and Mr. Weinstein have until 2028 and 2030, respectively, to satisfy these requirements. 2026 Proxy Statement | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The compensation we paid to each non-employee director who served on the Board in 2025 is set forth below. 2025 Director Compensation Director Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) Stock Awards (2) Total Albert Baldocchi $120,000 $215,032 $335,032 Matthew Carey $125,000 $215,032 $340,032 Gregg Engles (3) $ 60,000 $ 0 $ 60,000 Patricia Fili-Krushel $162,500 $215,032 $377,532 Laura Fuentes $125,000 $215,032 $340,032 Mauricio Gutierrez $125,000 $215,032 $340,031 Robin Hickenlooper $155,000 $215,032 $370,032 Scott Maw $340,000 $215,032 $555,032 Josh Weinstein (4) $ 1,974 $ 116,656 $ 118,630 Mary Winston $152,500 $215,032 $367,532 (1) Reflects cash compensation paid to each director in 2025 for service on the Board, a Committee of the Board and as Chairman. (2) Reflects the grant date fair value under FASB Topic 718 of the stock awards granted for the equity portion of each non-employee director s annual retainer, which is made on or about the date of the annual meeting of shareholders. On June 11, 2025, a total 4,152 shares of common stock were granted to each non-employee director who was re-elected to the Board, which shares were valued at $51.79 per share, the closing price of Chipotle common stock on the grant date. The grant covered the one-year service period from the 2025 annual meeting to the 2026 annual meeting and were fully vested and unrestricted on the grant date. Directors may choose to defer receipt of the shares to a future date. In 2025, none of the directors chose to defer. On December 1, 2025, a total of 3,407 shares of common stock were granted to Josh Weinstein in connection with his election to the Board, which shares were valued at $34.24 per share, the closing price of Chipotle common stock on the grant date. (3) Mr. Engles did not stand for re-election at the June 2025 annual meeting so he received pro-rated compensation for his service prior to June 2025. (4) Mr. Weinstein s compensation was prorated based on his election to the Board in November 2025. 20 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Board of Directors has adopted policies to support our values and provide for good corporate governance, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which set forth our principles of corporate governance; our Board committee charters; and the Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Code of Ethics, which applies to all Chipotle directors, executive officers and employees. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Ethics are available on the Investors page of our corporate website at ir.chipotle.com under Corporate Governance. If we make any substantive amendment to, or grant a waiver from, a provision of our Codes of Ethics that applies to our executive officers, we intend to satisfy the applicable SEC disclosure requirement by promptly disclosing the nature of the amendment or waiver on the Investors page of our corporate website at ir.chipotle.com under Corporate Governance. Board Leadership Structure Our current Board leadership structure consists of an independent Chairman of the Board, a position held by Scott Maw; Board committees led by independent directors; executive sessions of the directors at each regular Board meeting; and active oversight by all directors. Chipotle s Corporate Governance Guidelines do not mandate whether the offices of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer should be separate or combined because the Board believes that the optimal leadership structure may vary based on the unique circumstances and challenges confronting the Board and company at any given time. Rather than taking a one-size-fits-all approach to Board leadership, the Guidelines give the Board flexibility to determine the most appropriate leadership structure to address the company s needs in light of the dynamic environment in which we operate as part of the Board s regular assessment of the company s leadership. At least annually, our directors review the Board s leadership structure to determine the best leadership structure for the company at that time. When the company s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer stepped down in August 2024, the Board evaluated the circumstances and decided that appointing an independent Chairman would be in the best interests of the company. As a result, the Board separated the offices of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and appointed Scott Maw, who previously served as Lead Independent Director, to serve as Chairman. Board Performance and Self-Evaluation Process In consultation with the Chairman, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees annual Board and committee self-evaluations. The directors self-evaluation process includes a written questionnaire soliciting input on topics such as the overall effectiveness of the Board and its committees in performing their oversight responsibilities, the composition of the Board and each committee, the quality, rigor and effectiveness of meetings, the qualifications and effectiveness of incumbent directors, and whether the Board and each committee possess members with the right skills and experience to fulfill their responsibilities. The questionnaire is supplemented by candid, one-on-one discussions between the Committee Chair and independent directors on similar topics. Responses and observations from this process are discussed by the full Board and form the basis for process changes and setting future agendas. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that our current self-evaluation process is designed to generate candid and real-time feedback on the efficacy of the Board and its relationship with management and considers annually whether changes in the process would be advisable. Based on the responses to the 2025 self-evaluations, the directors decided to make some adjustments to the schedule of topics reviewed at Board and Committee meetings and the processes for communications between Board meetings and make other procedural changes. How to Contact the Board of Directors Any shareholder or other interested party may contact the Board of Directors, including the Chairman or the non-employee directors as a group, or any individual director or directors, by writing to the intended recipient in care of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., 610 Newport Center Dr., Suite 1100, Newport Beach, CA 92660, Attention: Corporate Secretary. Any communication to report potential issues regarding accounting, internal controls and other auditing matters will be directed to the Audit Risk Committee. Our Corporate Secretary, Chief Legal and Human Resources Officer, or their designees, will review and sort communications before forwarding them to the addressee. Communications that do not, in the opinion of the Corporate Secretary, our general counsel or their designees, deal with the functions of the Board or a Committee or do not otherwise warrant the attention of the addressees, may not be forwarded. Executive Sessions Executive sessions are scheduled at the end of each regular, quarterly meeting of each standing Committee of the Board, with only the Committee members or the Committee members and their advisors present, to discuss any topics the Committee members deem necessary or appropriate. Our independent directors met in executive session without management present at the end of each regularly scheduled Board meeting during 2025 and the Chairman of the Board chaired these non-employee executive sessions. The Board expects to continue to conduct executive sessions of the independent directors at each regularly scheduled Board meeting during 2026, and independent directors may schedule additional sessions at their discretion. Director Nomination Process The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for establishing criteria for nominees to serve on our Board, screening candidates, and recommending for approval by the full Board candidates for vacant Board positions and for election at each annual meeting of shareholders. The Committee s policies and procedures for consideration of Board candidates are described below. All ten nominees for election as a director at this year s annual meeting are incumbent members of the Board. Each nominee was recommended to the Board for re-election by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 2026 Proxy Statement | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Committee considers candidates suggested by the directors, senior management and shareholders. The Committee also is authorized to retain, at the company s expense, search firms, consultants and any other advisors it may deem appropriate to identify and screen potential candidates. The Committee may retain a search firm to evaluate and perform background reviews on director candidates, including those recommended by shareholders. Any advisors retained by the Committee report directly to the Committee. Minimum Candidate Qualifications and Considerations The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seeks to identify candidates of high integrity who have a strong record of accomplishment and who display the independence of mind and strength of character necessary to make an effective contribution to the Board and to represent the interests of all shareholders. Candidates are selected for their ability to exercise good judgment and to provide practical insights and independent perspectives. In addition to considering the Board s and Chipotle s needs at the time a particular candidate is being considered, the Committee considers candidates in light of the entirety of their credentials, including each candidate s: integrity and business ethics; strength of character and judgment; ability and willingness to devote sufficient time to Board duties; potential contribution to the variety of perspectives and culture of the Board; business and professional achievements and experience and industry background, particularly in light of our principal business and strategies, and alignment with our vision and values; independence from management, including under requirements of applicable law and listing standards, and any potential conflicts of interest arising from their other business activities; and experience on public company boards and knowledge of corporate governance practices. Consideration of Shareholder-Recommended Candidates and Procedure for Shareholder Nominations Shareholders wishing to recommend candidates to be considered by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee must submit to our Corporate Secretary the following information: a recommendation identifying the candidate, including the candidate s contact information; a detailed resume of the candidate and an autobiographical statement explaining the candidate s interest in serving on our Board; and a statement of whether the candidate meets applicable law and listing requirements pertaining to director independence. Candidates recommended by shareholders for consideration will be evaluated in the same manner as any other candidates, as described below under Candidate Evaluation Process, and in view of the qualifications and factors identified above under Minimum Candidate Qualifications and Considerations. Under our bylaws, shareholders also may nominate candidates for election as a director at our annual meeting. To nominate a candidate, a shareholder must comply with the provisions of our bylaws regarding shareholder nomination of directors, including the deadlines described under Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for 2027 Annual Meeting Bylaw Requirements for Shareholder Submission of Nominations and Proposals on page 68 . Our bylaws also permit qualified shareholders or groups of shareholders to include nominations for election as a director in our proxy materials by complying with the proxy access provisions in our bylaws. These provisions are described under Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for 2027 Annual Meeting Inclusion of Director Nominations in Our Proxy Statement and Proxy Card under Our Proxy Access Bylaws on page 67 . Candidate Evaluation Process The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee initially evaluates candidates in view of the qualifications and factors identified above under Minimum Candidate Qualifications and Considerations and Election of Directors Board Composition and Refreshment, and may consult with the Chairman, other directors, senior management or outside advisors regarding a particular candidate. The Committee also considers the results of recent Board and Committee self-evaluations and the current size and composition of the Board, including expected retirements and other anticipated vacancies. During this evaluation process, some candidates may be eliminated from further consideration because of conflicts of interest, time commitments, unavailability to attend Board or Committee meetings or other reasons. Following the initial evaluation, the Committee would arrange for interviews of candidates deemed appropriate for further consideration. To the extent feasible, candidates are interviewed by the Chairman and the members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and potentially other directors. The results of these interviews would be considered by the Committee in its decision to recommend a candidate to the Board. Those candidates approved by the Board as nominees are named in the proxy statement for election by the shareholders at the annual meeting (or, if between annual meetings, may be elected by the Board to fill vacancies, including vacancies resulting from an increase in the number of directors). Shareholder Engagement We engage with our shareholders in a variety of ways throughout the year, with the participants and topics dependent on the shareholders engaged. The table below generally summarizes our engagement process. Our Investor Relations team, often with our CEO and/or Chief Financial Officer, regularly meets with investors, prospective investors and investment analysts. Members of management and, upon request, members of our Board also regularly engage with our shareholders to provide updates and solicit their views and input on our executive compensation program, sustainability initiatives, corporate governance matters, human capital management and other topics of interest to them. We report the shareholders feedback and input to our Board and the applicable Committees, which take them into account as we review and update our compensation, corporate governance and sustainability practices and policies. 22 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Timing/Frequency Chipotle Participants Discussion Topics Off-Proxy Season Engagement Each fall during the proxy off-season, we initiate discussions with our largest shareholders. We also reach out to them again after the proxy statement is filed, and we are open to discussions throughout the year, as requested by shareholders. Any or all of: Representatives from our Investor Relations, Corporate Secretary, Legal, Corporate Governance and Compensation and Sustainability functions Chairman of the Board or the Chair of our Compensation, People and Culture or Nominating Corporate Governance Committees may participate Results of shareholder votes at the last annual meeting, shareholder feedback on the vote and how shareholders believe the company should respond Executive compensation, including award design and performance metrics Sustainability, environmental matters and human capital management, including succession planning Incentive and equity plan parameters Board composition and refreshment, nomination and election procedures and related matters Corporate governance Before Annual Meeting After the proxy statement has been filed Any or all of: Representatives from our Investor Relations, Corporate Secretary, Legal, Corporate Governance and Compensation and Sustainability functions Chairman of the Board or the Chair of our Compensation or Nominating Corporate Governance Committees may participate Shareholder proposals submitted for the proxy and the Board s rationale for its vote recommendations Changes made to our executive compensation program during the past year Recent developments in sustainability, environmental and human capital management Disclosures in our proxy statement Investor Meetings and Conferences Throughout the year (meetings with investors at company or investor offices, and at analyst-sponsored conferences) Senior Management and Investor Relations Company strategy and business updates Financial results and outlook Investor Calls - Quarterly Earnings Quarterly and special calls from time to time Senior Management and Investor Relations Company strategy and business updates Financial results and outlook Our senior executives and directors actively engage with shareholders to seek their input on emerging issues and to address shareholder questions and concerns. As in prior years, in the fall of 2025 we proactively reached out to holders of a significant portion of our outstanding shares as part of our regular proxy off-season engagement and to discuss the vote results from the 2025 annual meeting, including our 2025 say on pay vote. In 2025 we contacted 21 shareholders that collectively held 46.5% of our shares. Although many shareholders did not respond to our engagement request or declined to engage, we were able to speak with shareholders representing 38% of our outstanding common stock. See 2025 Advisory Say on Pay Vote on Executive Compensation and Shareholder Outreach under Compensation Discussion and Analysis for a summary of those discussions. We also reached out to all shareholders that submitted proposals for consideration at the 2026 annual meeting to discuss their proposals and our existing policies and practices. Based on those discussions, the shareholder proponents agreed to withdraw their proposals for the 2026 annual meeting. Response to 2025 Advisory Say on Pay Vote on Executive Compensation Every year we provide our shareholders with the opportunity to cast an advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers. At our 2025 annual meeting, our say on pay proposal received support from 55% of votes cast, in sharp contrast to the 94%+ support we received in each of the prior three years. As in prior years, in the fall of 2025 we proactively contacted holders of a significant portion of our outstanding shares, which in 2025 included 21 shareholders that collectively held 46.5% of our shares, to engage on a variety of topics. This year, shareholders representing 38% of our outstanding shares accepted our invitation to engage. The Chairman of our Board of Directors and/or the Chair or a member of our Compensation, People and Culture Committee participated in all but one meeting, together with executive officers and other senior members of our Human Resources, Legal, Corporate Secretary, Sustainability and Investor Relations teams. The primary topic of discussion was the 2025 say on pay vote and we also discussed our executive compensation program and the one-time retention awards granted in August 2024, 2026 Proxy Statement | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board composition and refreshment, talent management and succession planning, environmental and sustainability matters and corporate governance matters. In evaluating our executive compensation program for 2025, the Compensation, People and Culture Committee and the full Board considered the results of the 2025 say on pay vote as well as common themes that emerged from our shareholder engagement meetings. In response, the Committee is aligned with our shareholders that one-time awards should be used infrequently and only in extraordinary circumstances to achieve business objectives. Based on the input received from our discussions, the Committee will limit the use of one-time awards to extraordinary circumstances and disclose clear rationale for any such award. The Committee did not grant any one-time equity awards to our executive leadership team in 2025. See Compensation Discussion and Analysis 2025 Advisory Say on Pay Vote on Executive Compensation and Shareholder Outreach. Response to 2025 Shareholder Proposal We strive to be responsive to input and feedback of our shareholders and other stakeholders as demonstrated by our active engagement and annual meeting processes. At our 2025 annual meeting, shareholders voted on one shareholder proposal requesting the company to amend its bylaws to require the Board Chair to be independent. The proposal received support from only 18% of votes cast. Our Board considered the vote results as well as our shareholder engagement discussions and determined that no changes to our Bylaws or Board leadership structure were needed. Policies and Procedures for Review of Transactions with Related Persons We recognize that transactions in which our executive officers, directors or principal shareholders, or family members or other associates of our executive officers, directors or principal shareholders, have an interest may raise questions as to whether those transactions are consistent with the best interests of Chipotle and our shareholders. Accordingly, our Board has adopted written policies and procedures requiring the Audit Risk Committee to approve in advance, with limited exceptions, any transactions in which any person or entity in the categories named above has any material interest, whether direct or indirect, unless the value of all such transactions in which a related person has an interest during a year total less than $120,000. We refer to such transactions as related person transactions. Current related person transactions to which we are a party are described on page 67 . A related person transaction will only be approved by the Audit Risk Committee if the Committee determines that the related person transaction is beneficial to Chipotle and the terms of the related person transaction are fair to us. No member of the Audit Risk Committee may participate in the review, consideration or approval of any related person transaction with respect to which such member or any of his or her immediate family members is the related person. Role of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight While our executive officers and various other members of management are responsible for the day-to-day management of risk, the Board of Directors and its standing Committees oversee the significant risks facing our company. Responsibility for overseeing risks related to the following topical areas has been allocated to the Board and its Committees: Areas of Risk Oversight Board of Directors Our strategic plans, financial and operating performance and shareholder returns Review and assess the effectiveness of our enterprise risk assessment and mitigation of critical risks, including food safety and cybersecurity Regular review and analysis with management of most significant business risks as identified by the Board, the Audit Risk Committee, and/or management Macroeconomic trends that could materially impact the company s operations, strategies or financial results Succession planning for our CEO and other executive officers and development of our senior management 24 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Areas of Risk Oversight Audit Risk Committee Accounting practices and policies, financial statements and reporting and disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls Internal controls and the performance of the internal audit function Performance of our independent registered public accounting firm and the lead audit partner Risk assessment and mitigation related to cybersecurity, IT security, data privacy, use of AI, data protection and other technology risks Ethics and Compliance program, including the confidential whistleblower hotline and procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints, and the company s risk management framework and the process for identifying, assessing and mitigating key risks Compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the company s response to actual and alleged violations, including claims of harassment, discrimination or other violations of applicable employment laws Company s risk assessment and risk management processes and compliance with and training on the Code of Ethics Transactions with related persons and compliance with our Policy and Procedures with respect to Related Person Transactions Compensation, People and Culture Committee Compensation and evaluation of our CEO and other executive officers, including employment agreements and post-service arrangements and perquisites Evaluation of risks relating to our compensation programs Human capital management, including recruitment and retention of employees, pay equity and relative compensation and benefits offered to employees across the company Our compensation and benefits programs generally, including retirement, health and welfare plans and equity compensation plans Maintenance of and compliance with our Stock Ownership Policy and our Executive Officer Recovery Policy Our director compensation program Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Corporate governance policies and processes and compliance with key corporate governance documents, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Committee charters Policies and programs relating to environmental, sustainability and corporate responsibility policies, goals and programs Government Relations initiatives and policies Policies and programs relating to social responsibility, corporate citizenship and public policy issues significant to the company Annual process of evaluating the performance of the Board and each Committee Board refreshment and the identification, evaluation and selection of potential director candidates Board leadership structure Emerging corporate governance issues and practices With respect to the Board s role in risk oversight, our Chairman and the Chair of the Audit Risk Committee lead the Board in overseeing the identification, assessment, and management of the company s exposure to various risks. The Audit Risk Committee assists the Board in overseeing the company s enterprise risk management program and actions taken by management to identify, manage and mitigate risk exposures. Our directors receive regular reports on the most significant risks facing our business and are promptly informed regarding developments in our risk profile. For example, our Board receives quarterly reports from our food safety and quality assurance teams, which establish and monitor our quality and food safety programs and work closely with suppliers to ensure our high standards are met throughout the supply chain. Our Board also has access to our Food Safety Advisory Council, which is an advisory board of independent, highly respected experts in the food industry that meets quarterly to discuss and review our company-wide food safety program and any food safety related issues. We also provide our Board with a cybersecurity program dashboard each quarter, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee biannually receives a report on the company s policies and programs relating to environmental, sustainability and corporate responsibility. In addition, our Audit Risk Committee receives quarterly reports from our Chief Information Security Officer and President, Chief Strategy and Technology Officer about the company s cybersecurity, privacy and data security programs, the status of projects to strengthen internal cybersecurity, results from third-party assessments, and any significant cybersecurity incidents, including recent incidents at other companies and the emerging threat landscape, and our Board of Directors receives an annual report and quarterly written updates regarding our cybersecurity 2026 Proxy Statement | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE program. Like most organizations, we are susceptible to information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents, and we are committed to protecting and consistently enhancing the security of our systems, networks and general technology environment. We have established a cybersecurity program, which includes appropriate security risk assessments, security monitoring, incident response policies, operating standards, global regulatory compliance and employee training. We continue to invest in enhancing our preventive and defensive capabilities in alignment with globally recognized information security standards, maintaining appropriate information security risk insurance policies, and implementing other measures to mitigate or minimize the impacts from potential threats. Additionally, independent external audits are conducted, including penetration testing and overall review of program maturity based on the Cybersecurity Framework established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ). Role of the Board of Directors in Succession Planning and Leadership Development Our Board believes that leadership development and human capital management are critical to Chipotle s continued growth and success. We believe in investing and supporting our people because they are our most important asset and give us a competitive advantage in our business. One of the primary responsibilities of the Board is planning for the succession of the Chief Executive Officer and overseeing the planning for succession of the other executive officers. The Board believes that succession planning should be an ongoing process, with the goal of providing sufficient lead time before an expected transition while also being prepared for and responsive to unexpected developments. The Board annually reviews our Chief Executive Officer succession plans and, together with the Compensation, People and Culture Committee and our Chief Legal and Human Resources Officer, periodically reviews the succession planning process for other executive officer positions. To facilitate the process, our Chief Executive Officer annually provides the Board with an assessment of our executive officers and other high-potential executives, their potential to succeed to the position of Chief Executive Officer and development areas and opportunities for each. In addition, the Board and Committees regularly receive presentations from high-potential executives and have opportunities to meet with these executives in small group settings. 26 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Chipotle s sustainability strategy is centered on three key pillars: Food Animals, People and the Environment. We publish our goals and our progress across each of these areas in our Sustainability Report, available at chipotle.com/sustainability . The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing Chipotle s policies and programs relating to environmental, sustainability and social responsibility and the effectiveness of those policies and programs. We report to the Committee at least twice a year on our sustainability initiatives and progress towards achieving our sustainability goals. We publish a comprehensive report every other year aligned with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) frameworks and our 2025 Sustainability Report serves as an interim update highlighting progress and key achievements during the year. Food Animals Food Animals are at the core of our business, and we believe that how we grow our food is how we grow our future. Chipotle is committed to sourcing high quality ingredients that are grown, raised and harvested with respect for people, animals and the land. We strive to uphold and celebrate integrity in every aspect of our business, including how workers are valued, the approach farmers use to grow crops, helping ensure humane animal treatment and minimizing the environmental impact of our operations. We focus significant efforts on advancing our Food with Integrity principles, such as requiring responsibly raised meats, No Antibiotics Ever in our chicken, supplier transparency and traceability, high food safety requirements, and seeking organic and local ingredients. In 2025, Chipotle purchased over 50 million pounds of local ingredients, which is a 3.0 million pound increase over 2024. We are taking action to help reinvigorate the farming industry for future generations and support food access. Our partnership with Tractor Beverage Co . helps support the agricultural industry in the United States, with 5.0% of Chipotle s profits from its sale of these beverages directed to causes supporting farmers. We achieved our goal to contribute $5.0 million by the end of 2025 to support the future of farming and these funds have supported scholarship grants to academic institutions, helping educate and empower the next generation of farmers and advancing sustainable agriculture projects. The funding has also provided direct support to farmers through initiatives that provide guidance on regenerative farming practices, promote efficient irrigation, and advance other agricultural approaches designed to protect natural resources and strengthen long-term agricultural resilience. People We believe that our people and culture give us a competitive advantage in our business, and we strive to develop employees and provide continuing opportunities for them to grow their leadership skills. In 2025, we made approximately 23,000 internal promotions. Additionally, nearly 90% of our restaurant leadership roles were filled through internal promotions, including 100% of U.S. Regional Vice President roles, 83% of Field Leader positions and 85% of General Managers. We provide a range of learning opportunities designed to build skills, foster leadership and maintain a strong talent pipeline, which enables us to consistently promote from within and develop 