=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-26-188706_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports First Quarter 2026 Results Record revenue and earnings both above the high end of our Q1 Guidance Revenue of $1.282B up 87%, GAAP EPS of $2.53 and non-GAAP EPS of $2.56, both up significantly from Q1 25 Record results driven by AI-related demand strength across compute segments and memory Q1'26 Q1'25 Q4'25 Revenue (mil) $ 1,282 $ 686 $ 1,083 GAAP EPS $ 2.53 $ 0.61 $ 1.63 Non-GAAP EPS $ 2.56 $ 0.75 $ 1.80 NORTH READING, Mass. April 28, 2026 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ:TER) reported revenue of $1,282 million for the first quarter of 2026 of which $1,111 million was in Semiconductor Test, $91 million in Robotics, and $80 million in Product Test. GAAP net income for the first quarter of 2026 was $398.9 million, or $2.53 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income for the first quarter of 2026 was $402.9 million, or $2.56 per diluted share, which excluded acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, and the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Our Q1 results reached a new record high. With approximately 70% of our revenue tied to AI-related demand, our results reflect the strength of our wafer to AI data center strategy. All of our business groups - Semiconductor Test, Product Test, and Robotics - delivered strong year-over-year growth which we expect to continue with robust AI driven momentum as the catalyst, said Teradyne CEO Greg Smith. Guidance for the second quarter of 2026 is revenue of $1,150 million to $1,250 million, with GAAP net income of $1.83 to $2.12 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $1.86 to $2.15 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization and amortization on our investment in Technoprobe, as well as the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Webcast A conference call to discuss the first quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, April 29, 2026. Interested investors should access the webcast at www.teradyne.com and click on Investors at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 7:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com/investors . Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income excludes acquired intangible assets amortization, restructuring and other, ERP related expenses, inventory step-up, pension mark-to-market adjustment, pension actuarial gains and losses, discrete income tax adjustments, and the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne ( NASDAQ:TER ) designs, develops, and manufactures automated test equipment and advanced robotics systems. Its test solutions for semiconductors and electronics products enable Teradyne's customers to consistently deliver on their quality standards. Its advanced robotics business includes collaborative robots and mobile robots that support manufacturing and warehouse operations for companies of all sizes. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, financial performance or position and results of operations. You can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, expect, plan, could, may, will, believe, estimate, goal or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements in this press release address various matters, including statements regarding Teradyne s financial guidance. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements due to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic factors and slowdowns or downturns in economic conditions generally and in the markets in which Teradyne operates; decreased or delayed product demand from one or more significant customers; a slowdown 

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-26-034348_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Results Revenue and earnings above the high-end of Q4 guidance Revenue of $1.083 billion in Q4 25, up 44% from Q4 24 and up 41% from Q3'25 Q4 growth driven by strong AI-related demand in compute and memory Revenue of $3.19 billion in 2025, up 13% from 2024 Q4'25 Q4'24 Q3'25 FY 2025 FY 2024 Revenue (mil) $ 1,083 $ 753 $ 769 $ 3,190 $ 2,820 GAAP EPS $ 1.63 $ 0.90 $ 0.75 $ 3.47 $ 3.32 Non-GAAP EPS $ 1.80 $ 0.95 $ 0.85 $ 3.96 $ 3.22 NORTH READING, Mass. February 2, 2026 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $1,083 million for the fourth quarter of 2025 of which $883 million was in Semiconductor Test, $110 million in Product Test, and $89 million in Robotics. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of 2025 was $257.2 million or $1.63 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income in the fourth quarter of 2025 was $283.0 million, or $1.80 per diluted share, which excluded acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, pension mark-to-market adjustment, and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Our Q4 results were above the high end of our guidance range, fueled by AI-related demand in compute, networking and memory within our Semi Test business. Across all of our business groups Semi Test, Product Test, and Robotics we experienced sequential growth, and at the company level we achieved 13% growth in 2025, said Teradyne CEO, Greg Smith. In 2026, we expect year-over-year growth across all of our businesses, with strong momentum in compute driven by AI. Guidance for the first quarter of 2026 is revenue of $1,150 million to $1,250 million, with GAAP net income of $1.82 to $2.19 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $1.89 to $2.25 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization, amortization on our investment in Technoprobe, restructuring and other costs, as well as the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Webcast A conference call to discuss the fourth quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, Tuesday, February 03, 2026. Interested investors should access the webcast at www.teradyne.com and click on Investors at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 7:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com/investors . Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude acquired intangible assets amortization, restructuring and other, ERP related expenses, inventory step-up, pension mark-to-market adjustment, pension actuarial gains and losses, discrete income tax adjustments, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne ( NASDAQ:TER ) designs, develops, and manufactures automated test equipment and advanced robotics systems. Its test solutions for semiconductors and electronics products enable Teradyne's customers to consistently deliver on their quality standards. Its advanced robotics business includes collaborative robots and mobile robots that support manufacturing and warehouse operations for companies of all sizes. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, financial performance or position and results of operations. You can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, expect, plan, could, may, will, believe, estimate, goal or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements in this press release address various matters, including statements regarding Teradyne s financial guidance. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements due to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, 

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-25-254602_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results Revenue and earnings at the high-end of Q3 guidance Revenue of $769 million in Q3'25, up 4% from Q3'24 Semiconductor Test drove better than expected Q3'25 results Strong AI-related demand in Compute and Memory expected to grow in Q4'25 Q3'25 Q3'24 Q2'25 Revenue (mil) $ 769 $ 737 $ 652 GAAP EPS $ 0.75 $ 0.89 $ 0.49 Non-GAAP EPS $ 0.85 $ 0.90 $ 0.57 NORTH READING, Mass. October 28, 2025 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $769 million for the third quarter of 2025 of which $606 million was in Semiconductor Test, $88 million in Product Test, and $75 million in Robotics. GAAP net income for the third quarter of 2025 was $119.6 million, or $0.75 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income for the third quarter of 2025 was $135.9 million, or $0.85 per diluted share, which excluded acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, pension mark-to-market adjustment, and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustment. Our Semiconductor Test Group delivered third quarter sales that exceeded expectations, driving company sales and profit to the high end of our Q3 guidance range, said Teradyne CEO, Greg Smith. Growth was driven primarily by System-on-a-Chip (SOC) solutions for artificial intelligence applications and strong performance in memory. As we look ahead to Q4, AI-related test demand remains robust across compute, networking and memory segments. Q4'25 sales are expected to increase 25% sequentially and 27% from Q4'24. Guidance for the fourth quarter of 2025 is revenue of $920 million to $1,000 million, with GAAP net income of $1.12 to $1.39 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $1.20 to $1.46 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization and amortization on our investment in Technoprobe, as well as the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Webcast A conference call to discuss the third quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, October 29, 2025. Interested investors should access the webcast at www.teradyne.com and click on Investors at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 7:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com/investors . Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude acquired intangible assets amortization, restructuring and other, ERP related expenses, inventory step-up, pension mark-to-market adjustment, pension actuarial gains and losses, discrete income tax adjustments, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne ( NASDAQ:TER ) designs, develops, and manufactures automated test equipment and advanced robotics systems. Its test solutions for semiconductors and electronics products enable Teradyne's customers to consistently deliver on their quality standards. Its advanced robotics business includes collaborative robots and mobile robots that support manufacturing and warehouse operations for companies of all sizes. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, financial performance or position and results of operations. You can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, expect, plan, could, may, will, believe, estimate, goal or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements in this press release address various matters, including statements regarding Teradyne s financial guidance. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements due to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic factors and slowdowns or downturns in economic conditions generally and

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-25-099876_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports Second Quarter 2025 Results Revenue and earnings above mid-point of Q2 guidance ranges Semiconductor Test drove better than expected results in Q2 Strength in Compute expected to drive stronger second half results Q2'25 Q2'24 Q1'25 Revenue (mil) $ 652 $ 730 $ 686 GAAP EPS $ 0.49 $ 1.14 $ 0.61 Non-GAAP EPS $ 0.57 $ 0.86 $ 0.75 NORTH READING, Mass. July 29, 2025 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $652 million for the second quarter of 2025 of which $492 million was in Semiconductor Test, $75 million in Robotics, and $85 million in Product Test. GAAP net income for the second quarter of 2025 was $78.4 million, or $0.49 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income for the second quarter of 2025 was $91.6 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, which excluded acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustment. Our Semiconductor Test Group drove better than expected results in the second quarter. System-on-a-Chip (SOC), primarily for artificial intelligence applications, was the strongest growth driver, said Teradyne CEO, Greg Smith. Visibility into the remainder of the year has improved, and demand in compute, networking and memory is strengthening. The exact timing of program ramps and capacity adds remain uncertain, but we believe that AI will drive strong second half performance for Teradyne. Guidance for the third quarter of 2025 is revenue of $710 million to $770 million, with GAAP net income of $0.62 to $0.80 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $0.69 to $0.87 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization and amortization on our investment in Technoprobe, as well as the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Webcast A conference call to discuss the second quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, July 30, 2025. Interested investors should access the webcast at www.teradyne.com and click on Investors at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 8:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com/investors . Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude acquired intangible assets amortization, restructuring and other, ERP related expenses, inventory step-up, pension mark-to-market adjustment, discrete income tax adjustments, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne ( NASDAQ:TER ) designs, develops, and manufactures automated test equipment and advanced robotics systems. Its test solutions for semiconductors and electronics products enable Teradyne's customers to consistently deliver on their quality standards. Its advanced robotics business includes collaborative robots and mobile robots that support manufacturing and warehouse operations for companies of all sizes. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, financial performance or position and results of operations. You can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, expect, plan, could, may, will, believe, estimate, goal or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements in this press release address various matters, including statements regarding Teradyne s financial guidance. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements due to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic factors and slowdowns or downturns in economic conditions generally and in the markets in which Teradyne operates; decreased or delayed product demand from one or more significant customers; a slowdown or inability in t

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-25-059568_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports First Quarter 2025 Results Revenue towards the high end and earnings above Q1 guidance ranges Revenue of $686 million in Q1 25, up 14% from Q1 24 Strong year-over-year growth driven by Semiconductor Test Board of Directors approves $1B share repurchase program Q1'25 Q1'24 Q4'24 Revenue (mil) $ 686 $ 600 $ 753 GAAP EPS $ 0.61 $ 0.40 $ 0.90 Non-GAAP EPS $ 0.75 $ 0.51 $ 0.95 NORTH READING, Mass. April 28, 2025 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $686 million for the first quarter of 2025 of which $543 million was in Semiconductor Test, $69 million in Robotics, and $74 million in Product Test. GAAP net income for the first quarter was $98.9 million or $0.61 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income in the first quarter was $121.5 million, or $0.75 per diluted share, which excluded acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Teradyne delivered 14% year-over-year growth in the first quarter driven by strong results in Semiconductor Test. System-on-a-Chip (SOC), primarily for Mobile, was the strongest growth driver, said Teradyne CEO, Greg Smith. Visibility in the second half is limited and the impact of trade policy on end market demand is still in flux. Despite the current market uncertainty, Teradyne is well positioned for the long-term demand drivers of AI, electrification, and verticalization. Guidance for the second quarter of 2025 is revenue of $610 million to $680 million, with GAAP net income of $0.35 to $0.58 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $0.41 to $0.64 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization, as well as the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Teradyne announced that it is increasing the magnitude of the share repurchase program from a target of $400M in 2025 to up to $1B, to be completed by the end of 2026. Webcast A conference call to discuss the first quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, Tuesday, April 29, 2025. Interested investors should access the webcast at www.teradyne.com and click on Investors at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 8:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com/investors . Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude restructuring and other, acquired intangible assets amortization, ERP related expenses, inventory step-up, discrete income tax adjustments, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne ( NASDAQ:TER ) designs, develops, and manufactures automated test equipment and advanced robotics systems. Its test solutions for semiconductors and electronics products enable Teradyne's customers to consistently deliver on their quality standards. Its advanced robotics business includes collaborative robots and mobile robots that support manufacturing and warehouse operations for companies of all sizes. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, financial performance or position and results of operations. You can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, expect, plan, could, may, will, believe, estimate, goal or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements in this press release address various matters, including statements regarding Teradyne s financial guidance. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements due to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic factors and slowdowns or downturns in economic conditions generally and in the markets in which Teradyne operat

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-25-010781_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports Fourth Quarter 2024 Results Revenue and earnings at the high-end of Q4 guidance Revenue of $753 million in Q4 24, up 12% from Q4 23 Q4 growth driven by strong AI-related demand and improved broader market dynamics Q4'24 Q4'23 Q3'24 FY 2024 FY 2023 Revenue (mil) $ 753 $ 671 $ 737 $ 2,820 $ 2,676 GAAP EPS $ 0.90 $ 0.72 $ 0.89 $ 3.32 $ 2.73 Non-GAAP EPS $ 0.95 $ 0.79 $ 0.90 $ 3.22 $ 2.93 NORTH READING, Mass. January 29, 2025 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $753 million for the fourth quarter of 2024 of which $561 million was in Semiconductor Test and $98 million in Robotics. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of 2024 was $146.3 million or $0.90 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income in the fourth quarter of 2024 was $155.0 million, or $0.95 per diluted share, which excluded acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, amortization on our investment in Technoprobe, pension mark-to-market, and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Our Q4 results were toward the high end of our guidance range, driven by demand in our Semi Test business. For the quarter, AI compute and related memory remained strong while Mobile and Auto/Industrial exceeded our expectations, said Teradyne CEO, Greg Smith. In 2025, we expect year-over-year revenue acceleration with improving conditions in our test businesses. We expect the secular growth opportunities in AI compute and memory to remain, and we will continue to invest into these areas. Additionally, we plan to strategically realign our Robotics business to enhance customer experience and drive operational efficiency. Over the mid-term, we expect that this realignment will support our growth and profitability objectives. Guidance for the first quarter of 2025 is revenue of $660 million to $700 million, with GAAP net income of $0.48 to $0.59 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $0.58 to $0.68 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization, amortization on our investment in Technoprobe, restructuring and other costs, as well as the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Note that the Semiconductor Test segment revenue includes the results of the Integrated Systems Test ( IST ) component, with product lines for system level and hard disk drive testing, that was previously included in our System Test segment results. IST contributed $19 million to Semiconductor Test in the fourth quarter. Webcast A conference call to discuss the fourth quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, Thursday, January 30, 2025. Interested investors should access the webcast at www.teradyne.com and click on Investors at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 8:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com/investors . Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude acquired intangible assets amortization, restructuring and other, pension actuarial gains and losses, stock compensation modification expense, gains and losses on foreign exchange options in connection with acquisitions and divestitures, gain on sale of business, legal settlement, discrete income tax adjustments, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne (NASDAQ:TER) designs, develops, and manufactures automated test equipment and advanced robotics systems. Its test solutions for semiconductors and electronics products enable Teradyne s customers to consistently deliver on their quality standards. Its advanced robotics business includes collaborative robots and mobile robots that support manufacturing and warehouse operations for companies of all sizes. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, financial performance or position and results of operations. You can identify

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-24-116845_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports Third Quarter 2024 Results Revenue at the high-end and earnings above Q3 guidance Revenue of $737 million in Q3 24, up 5% from Q3 23 Year-over-year growth driven by strong AI-related demand Q3'24 Q3'23 Q2'24 Revenue (mil) $ 737 $ 704 $ 730 GAAP EPS $ 0.89 $ 0.78 $ 1.14 Non-GAAP EPS $ 0.90 $ 0.80 $ 0.86 NORTH READING, Mass. October 23, 2024 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $737 million for the third quarter of 2024 of which $543 million was in Semiconductor Test, $73 million in System Test, $33 million in Wireless Test and $89 million in Robotics. GAAP net income for the third quarter of 2024 was $145.6 million or $0.89 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income in the third quarter of 2024 was $147.6 million, or $0.90 per diluted share, which excluded acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, amortization on our investment in Technoprobe, legal settlement, pension mark-to-market, and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Semiconductor Test continues to perform better than planned on record Memory revenue driven by High Bandwidth Memory (HBM) and compute demand for AI applications, said Teradyne CEO, Greg Smith. Robotics continues to execute to its longer-term growth strategy with improving traction in recurring software and services revenue and progress in the UR OEM channel. As we finish 2024 and look forward to 2025, we are excited about building on this progress. Guidance for the fourth quarter of 2024 is revenue of $710 million to $760 million, with GAAP net income of $0.73 to $0.91 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $0.80 to $0.97 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization and amortization on our investment in Technoprobe, as well as the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Webcast A conference call to discuss the third quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, Thursday, October 24, 2024. Interested investors should access the webcast at www.teradyne.com and click on Investors at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 8:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com/investors . Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude acquired intangible assets amortization, restructuring and other, pension actuarial gains and losses, stock compensation modification expense, gains and losses on foreign exchange options in connection with acquisitions and divestitures, gain on sale of business, legal settlement, discrete income tax adjustments, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne ( NASDAQ:TER ) test technology helps bring high-quality innovations such as smart devices, life-saving medical equipment and data storage systems to market, faster. Its advanced test solutions for semiconductors, electronic systems, wireless devices and more ensure that products perform as they were designed. Its robotics offerings include collaborative and mobile robots that help manufacturers of all sizes increase productivity, improve safety, and lower costs. In 2023, Teradyne had revenue of $2.7 billion and today employs over 6,400 people worldwide. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, financial performance or position and results of operations. You can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, expect, plan, could, may, will, believe, estimate, goal or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements in this press release address various matters, including statements regarding Teradyne s financial guidance. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements d

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-24-086252_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports Second Quarter 2024 Results Revenue and earnings above the high-end of Q2 guidance Revenue of $730 million in Q2 24, up 7% from Q2 23 14% YoY Growth in Q2 for Semiconductor Test driven by continued strength in memory and demand recovery in SoC Q2'24 Q2'23 Q1'24 Revenue (mil) $ 730 $ 684 $ 600 GAAP EPS $ 1.14 $ 0.73 $ 0.40 Non-GAAP EPS $ 0.86 $ 0.79 $ 0.51 NORTH READING, Mass. July 24, 2024 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $730 million for the second quarter of 2024 of which $543 million was in Semiconductor Test, $61 million in System Test, $36 million in Wireless Test and $90 million in Robotics. GAAP net income for the second quarter of 2024 was $186.3 million or $1.14 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income in the second quarter of 2024 was $140.0 million, or $0.86 per diluted share, which excluded acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, gains on foreign exchange options in connection with acquisitions and divestitures, gain on sale of business, and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. In the second quarter, AI applications drove accelerated demand from both compute and memory customers, and our robotics business grew sequentially and year-over-year, said Teradyne CEO Greg Smith. Overall, 2024 is shaping up as we expected, and we believe the deployment of edge AI will strengthen demand in our test and robotics businesses over the mid-term. Guidance for the third quarter of 2024 is revenue of $680 million to $740 million, with GAAP net income of $0.62 to $0.82 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $0.66 to $0.86 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization and amortization on our investment in Technoprobe, as well as the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Webcast A conference call to discuss the second quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, Thursday, July 25, 2024. Interested investors should access the webcast at www.teradyne.com and click on Investors at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 8:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com/investors . Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude acquired intangible assets amortization, restructuring and other, pension actuarial gains and losses, stock compensation modification expense, gains and losses on foreign exchange options in connection with acquisitions and divestitures, gain on sale of business, discrete income tax adjustments, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne ( NASDAQ:TER ) test technology helps bring high-quality innovations such as smart devices, life-saving medical equipment and data storage systems to market, faster. Its advanced test solutions for semiconductors, electronic systems, wireless devices and more ensure that products perform as they were designed. Its robotics offerings include collaborative and mobile robots that help manufacturers of all sizes increase productivity, improve safety, and lower costs. In 2023, Teradyne had revenue of $2.7 billion and today employs over 6,200 people worldwide. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, financial performance or position and results of operations. You can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, expect, plan, could, may, will, believe, estimate, goal or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements in this press release address various matters, including statements regarding Teradyne s financial guidance. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements due to known and unknown risks, uncertai

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-24-047880_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports First Quarter 2024 Results Revenue and earnings above the high-end of Q1 guidance Revenue of $600 million in Q1 24, down 3% from Q1 23 Strong year-over-year growth in memory test offset by continued softness in mobility Q1'24 Q1'23 Q4'23 Revenue (mil) $ 600 $ 618 $ 671 GAAP EPS $ 0.40 $ 0.50 $ 0.72 Non-GAAP EPS $ 0.51 $ 0.55 $ 0.79 NORTH READING, Mass. April 24, 2024 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $600 million for the first quarter of 2024 of which $412 million was in Semiconductor Test, $75 million in System Test, $25 million in Wireless Test and $88 million in Robotics. GAAP net income for the first quarter was $64.2 million or $0.40 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income in the first quarter was $82.5 million, or $0.51 per diluted share, which excluded stock compensation modification expense, acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, losses on foreign exchange options in connection with acquisitions and divestitures, and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Despite continued weakness in mobility, greater than expected memory and networking demand driven by Artificial Intelligence (AI) applications combined with Robotics shipments in-line with our expectations drove company revenue and earnings above the high end of our guidance in the quarter, said Teradyne CEO, Greg Smith. Strength in memory and computing is driving stronger than expected performance in the first half of the year, however visibility beyond the second quarter remains limited. In Robotics, we expect new products, new applications and our global distribution channel improvements to fuel growth through the balance of the year. Guidance for the second quarter of 2024 is revenue of $665 million to $725 million, with GAAP net income of $0.90 to $1.10 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $0.64 to $0.84 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization and a gain on the anticipated sale of Teradyne's Design Interface Solutions business to Technoprobe S.p.A. as well as the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Webcast A conference call to discuss the first quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, Thursday, April 25, 2024. Interested investors should access the webcast at www.teradyne.com and click on Investors at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 8:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com/investors . Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude acquired intangible assets amortization, restructuring and other, pension actuarial gains and losses, stock compensation modification expense, gains and losses on foreign exchange options in connection with acquisitions and divestitures, discrete income tax adjustments, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne ( NASDAQ:TER ) test technology helps bring high-quality innovations such as smart devices, life-saving medical equipment and data storage systems to market, faster. Its advanced test solutions for semiconductors, electronic systems, wireless devices and more ensure that products perform as they were designed. Its robotics offerings include collaborative and mobile robots that help manufacturers of all sizes increase productivity, improve safety, and lower costs. In 2023, Teradyne had revenue of $2.7 billion and today employs over 6,600 people worldwide. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, financial performance or position and results of operations. You can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, expect, plan, could, may, will, believe, estimate, goal or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements in this press release address various matte

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-24-009126_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Results Revenue of $671 million in Q4'23, down 8% from Q4'22 Revenue of $2,676 million in FY 2023, down 15% from FY 2022 Record Robotics revenue in Q4'23, up 50% from Q3'23 and 17% from Q4'22 Q4'23 Q4'22 Q3'23 FY 2023 FY 2022 Revenue (mil) $ 671 $ 732 $ 704 $ 2,676 $ 3,155 GAAP EPS $ 0.72 $ 1.04 $ 0.78 $ 2.73 $ 4.22 Non-GAAP EPS $ 0.79 $ 0.92 $ 0.80 $ 2.93 $ 4.25 NORTH READING, Mass. January 30, 2024 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $671 million for the fourth quarter of 2023 of which $431 million was in Semiconductor Test, $86 million in System Test, $25 million in Wireless Test and $129 million in Robotics. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $117 million or $0.72 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income in the fourth quarter was $127 million, or $0.79 per diluted share, which excluded pension actuarial losses, acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. We closed out 2023 with Q4 revenue and profit in line with our guidance as strong demand for memory test systems and 50% quarterly growth of Robotics revenue offset weakening demand for System-on-a-Chip (SOC) test systems, said Teradyne CEO Greg Smith. Looking into the new year, we expect low tester utilization will impact demand in the first half of the year but anticipate the full year Semiconductor test demand to incrementally improve from 2023. In Robotics, after expected seasonal weakness in Q1, we project consistent quarterly growth powered by new products, new applications and improvements in our global distribution channels. Guidance for the first quarter of 2024 is revenue of $540 million to $590 million, with GAAP net income of $0.19 to $0.35 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $0.22 to $0.38 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Webcast A conference call to discuss the fourth quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, Wednesday, January 31, 2024. Interested investors should access the webcast at www.teradyne.com and click on Investors at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 8:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com/investors . Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude acquired intangible assets amortization, restructuring and other, pension actuarial gains and losses, stock compensation modification expense, discrete income tax adjustments, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne ( NASDAQ:TER ) test technology helps bring high-quality innovations such as smart devices, life-saving medical equipment and data storage systems to market, faster. Its advanced test solutions for semiconductors, electronic systems, wireless devices and more ensure that products perform as they were designed. Its robotics offerings include collaborative and mobile robots that help manufacturers of all sizes increase productivity, improve safety, and lower costs. In 2023, Teradyne had revenue of $2.7 billion and today employs over 6,500 people worldwide. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, financial performance or position and results of operations. You can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, expect, plan, could, may, will, believe, estimate, goal or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements in this press release address various matters, including statements regarding Teradyne s financial guidance. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-l

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-23-195224_991.htm ===
8-K TERADYNE, INC false 0000097210 0000097210 2023-07-26 2023-07-26 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): July 26, 2023 TERADYNE, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Massachusetts 001-06462 04-2272148 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 600 Riverpark Drive , North Reading , MA 01864 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (978) 370-2700 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.125 per share TER Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On July 26, 2023, Teradyne, Inc. ( Teradyne ) issued a press release regarding its financial results for the second quarter ended July 2, 2023. Teradyne s press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 99.1 Press Release dated July 26, 2023. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. TERADYNE, INC. Dated: July 27, 2023 By: /s/ SANJAY MEHTA Name: Sanjay Mehta Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-23-119702_991.htm ===
8-K TERADYNE, INC false 0000097210 0000097210 2023-04-26 2023-04-26 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 26, 2023 TERADYNE, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Massachusetts 001-06462 04-2272148 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 600 Riverpark Drive , North Reading , MA 01864 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (978) 370-2700 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.125 per share TER Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On April 26, 2023, Teradyne, Inc. ( Teradyne ) issued a press release regarding its financial results for the first quarter ended April 2, 2023. Teradyne s press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 99.1 Press Release dated April 26, 2023. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. TERADYNE, INC. Dated: April 27, 2023 By: /s/ SANJAY MEHTA Name: Sanjay Mehta Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-23-055353_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ter-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Teradyne Reports Third Quarter 2023 Results Revenue and earnings above the mid-point of Q3 guidance Revenue of $704 million in Q3 23, down 15% from Q3 22 Robotics demand stabilized, Q3'23 revenue down 4% from Q3'22, up 20% from Q2'23 Returned $136 million to shareholders in share repurchases and dividends in Q3 23 Q3'23 Q3'22 Q2'23 Revenue (mil) $ 704 $ 827 $ 684 GAAP EPS $ 0.78 $ 1.10 $ 0.73 Non-GAAP EPS $ 0.80 $ 1.15 $ 0.79 NORTH READING, Mass. October 25, 2023 Teradyne, Inc . (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $704 million for the third quarter of 2023 of which $498 million was in Semiconductor Test, $83 million in System Test, $37 million in Wireless Test and $86 million in Robotics. GAAP net income for the third quarter was $128 million or $0.78 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne s net income in the third quarter was $132 million, or $0.80 per diluted share, which excluded restructuring and other charges, acquired intangible asset amortization, discrete income tax items and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Greater than planned Robotics shipments and sequential growth in Semiconductor Test combined to drive sales and profits to the high end of our Q3 guidance range, said Teradyne CEO Greg Smith. As we enter Q4, test demand is focused on technology investments with limited capacity expansion purchases expected in the quarter. In Robotics, demand has stabilized and we anticipate delivering second half results in-line with our July outlook, finishing the year achieving record quarterly shipments. Guidance for the fourth quarter of 2023 is revenue of $640 million to $700 million, with GAAP net income of $0.58 to $0.78 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $0.61 to $0.81 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. Webcast A conference call to discuss the third quarter results, along with management s business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, Thursday, October 26, 2023. Interested investors should access the webcast at http://investors.teradyne.com/events-presentations . Presentation materials will be available starting at 8:30 a.m. ET. A replay will also be available at the website. Page 2 Non-GAAP Results In addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude acquired intangible assets amortization, restructuring and other, pension actuarial gains and losses, stock compensation modification expense, discrete income tax adjustments, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne s baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne s current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne s business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne s competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne s call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne s financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne s results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then selecting Financials and the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP. About Teradyne Teradyne ( NASDAQ:TER ) test technology helps bring high-quality innovations such as smart devices, life-saving medical equipment and data storage systems to market, faster. Its advanced test solutions for semiconductors, electronic systems, wireless devices and more ensure that products perform as they were designed. Its robotics offerings include collaborative and mobile robots that help manufacturers of all sizes increase productivity, improve safety, and lower costs. In 2022, Teradyne had revenue of $3.2 billion and today employs over 6,600 people worldwide. For more information, visit teradyne.com . Teradyne is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc., in the U.S. and other countries. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements regarding Teradyne s future business prospects, results of operations, market conditions, earnings per share, the impact of supply chain conditions on the business, customer sales expectations, the payment of a quarterly dividend, the repurchase of Teradyne common stock pursuant to a share repurchase program, the impact of the Israel-Hamas conflict, the continued impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic, and the impact of U.S. and Chinese export and tariff laws, including regulations published by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Such statements are based on the current assumptions and expectations of Teradyne s management and are neither promises nor guarantees of future performance, events, customer sales, supply chain conditions or improvements, earnings per share, use of cash, 

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-23-015618_991.htm ===
8-K TERADYNE, INC false 0000097210 0000097210 2023-01-25 2023-01-25 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 25, 2023 TERADYNE, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Massachusetts 001-06462 04-2272148 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 600 Riverpark Drive , North Reading , MA 01864 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (978) 370-2700 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.125 per share TER Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On January 25, 2023, Teradyne, Inc. ( Teradyne ) issued a press release regarding its financial results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022. Teradyne s press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 99.1 Press Release dated January 25, 2023. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. TERADYNE, INC. Dated: January 26, 2023 By: /s/ SANJAY MEHTA Name: Sanjay Mehta Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-22-268960_991.htm ===
8-K TERADYNE, INC false 0000097210 0000097210 2022-10-25 2022-10-25 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): October 25, 2022 TERADYNE, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Massachusetts 001-06462 04-2272148 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 600 Riverpark Drive , North Reading , MA 01864 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (978) 370-2700 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.125 per share TER Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On October 25, 2022, Teradyne, Inc. ( Teradyne ) issued a press release regarding its financial results for the third quarter ended October 2, 2022. Teradyne s press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 99.1 Press Release dated October 25, 2022. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. TERADYNE, INC. Dated: October 26, 2022 By: / S / SANJAY MEHTA Name: Sanjay Mehta Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-22-202564_991.htm ===
8-K TERADYNE, INC false 0000097210 0000097210 2022-07-26 2022-07-26 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): July 26, 2022 TERADYNE, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Massachusetts 001-06462 04-2272148 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 600 Riverpark Drive , North Reading , MA 01864 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (978) 370-2700 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.125 per share TER Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On July 26, 2022, Teradyne, Inc. ( Teradyne ) issued a press release regarding its financial results for the second quarter ended July 3, 2022. Teradyne s press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 99.1 Press Release dated July 26, 2022. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. TERADYNE, INC. Dated: July 27, 2022 By: / S / SANJAY MEHTA Name: Sanjay Mehta Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-22-121452_991.htm ===
8-K TERADYNE, INC false 0000097210 0000097210 2022-04-26 2022-04-26 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 26, 2022 TERADYNE, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Massachusetts 001-06462 04-2272148 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 600 Riverpark Drive , North Reading , MA 01864 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (978) 370-2700 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.125 per share TER Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On April 26, 2022, Teradyne, Inc. ( Teradyne ) issued a press release regarding its financial results for the first quarter ended April 3, 2022. Teradyne s press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 99.1 Press Release dated April 26, 2022. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. TERADYNE, INC. Dated: April 27, 2022 By: / S / SANJAY MEHTA Name: Sanjay Mehta Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-22-018908_991.htm ===
8-K TERADYNE, INC false 0000097210 0000097210 2022-01-26 2022-01-26 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 26, 2022 TERADYNE, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Massachusetts 001-06462 04-2272148 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 600 Riverpark Drive , North Reading , MA 01864 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (978) 370-2700 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.125 per share TER Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On January 26, 2022, Teradyne, Inc. ( Teradyne ) issued a press release regarding its financial results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2021. Teradyne s press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 99.1 Press Release dated January 26, 2022. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. TERADYNE, INC. Dated: January 27, 2022 By: / S / SANJAY MEHTA Name: Sanjay Mehta Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-21-308612_991.htm ===
8-K TERADYNE, INC false 0000097210 0000097210 2021-10-26 2021-10-26 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): October 26, 2021 TERADYNE, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Massachusetts 001-06462 04-2272148 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 600 Riverpark Drive , North Reading , MA 01864 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (978) 370-2700 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.125 per share TER Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On October 26, 2021, Teradyne, Inc. ( Teradyne ) issued a press release regarding its financial results for the third quarter ended October 3, 2021. Teradyne s press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 99.1 Press Release dated October 26, 2021. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. TERADYNE, INC. Dated: October 27, 2021 By: / S / SANJAY MEHTA Name: Sanjay Mehta Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-21-226461_991.htm ===
8-K TERADYNE, INC false 0000097210 0000097210 2021-07-27 2021-07-27 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): July 27, 2021 TERADYNE, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Massachusetts 001-06462 04-2272148 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 600 Riverpark Drive , North Reading , MA 01864 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (978) 370-2700 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.125 per share TER Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On July 27, 2021, Teradyne, Inc. ( Teradyne ) issued a press release regarding its financial results for the second quarter ended July 4, 2021. Teradyne s press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Description 99.1 Press Release dated July 27, 2021. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. TERADYNE, INC. Dated: July 28, 2021 By: / S / SANJAY MEHTA Name: Sanjay Mehta Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer