=== AJG_2026-02-17.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Risk Factor Summary Risks Relating to our Business Generally • Global economic and geopolitical events, such as fluctuations in interest and inflation rates; geo-economic fragmentation and protectionism; a recession or economic downturn; a U.S. government shutdown or political violence; and instability, including as a result of armed conflicts in Ukraine, the Middle East, Latin America and the Caribbean could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. • Economic conditions that result in financial difficulties for underwriting enterprises or lead to reduced risk-taking capital capacity could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. • We have historically acquired large numbers of insurance brokers, benefit consulting firms and, to a lesser extent, third party claims administration and risk management firms. We may not be able to continue such an acquisition strategy in the future and there are risks associated with such acquisitions, which could adversely affect our growth and results of operations. • Damage to our reputation and culture could have a material adverse effect on our business. • Our sustainability aspirations, goals and initiatives, and our public statements and disclosures regarding them, expose us to numerous risks. • If we are unable to apply technology, data analytics and AI effectively in driving value for our clients through technology-based solutions or gain internal efficiencies and effective internal controls through the application of technology and related tools, our operating results, client relationships, organic and inorganic growth and compliance programs could be adversely affected. • We are subject to risks associated with AI. • Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified talent, including our senior management team. • Business disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operations, damage our reputation and impact client relationships. • Our business or reputation could be harmed by our reliance on third-party providers. • Sustained increases in compensation expense and the cost of employee benefits could reduce our profitability. • Our substantial operations outside the U.S. expose us to risks different than those we face in the U.S. • Changes in tax laws could adversely affect us. • We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses. • Volatility or declines in premiums or other adverse trends in the insurance industry may seriously undermine our profitability. • Contingent and supplemental revenues we receive from underwriting enterprises are less predictable than standard commission revenues, and any decrease in the amount of these forms of revenue could adversely affect our results of operations. • We face a variety of risks in our benefit consulting operations distinct from those we face in our insurance brokerage operations. • We face a variety of risks in our third-party claims administration operations that are distinct from those we face in our brokerage and benefit consulting operations. 11 Table of Contents Regulatory, Legal and Accounting Risks • Improper disclosure of confidential, personal or proprietary information and cybersecurity attacks or other security breach of our information systems, or those of third-party vendors we rely on, could result in regulatory scrutiny, legal liability or reputational harm, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation. • We are subject to a number of contingencies and legal proceedings which, if determined unfavorably to us, would adversely affect our financial results. • Changes in data privacy and protection laws and regulations, or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business and financial results. • We could be adversely affected by violations or alleged violations of laws that impose requirements for the conduct of our overseas operations, including the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act or other anti-corruption laws, sanctions laws, and FATCA. • We are subject to regulation worldwide. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if regulations change in a way that adversely affects our operations, we may not be able to conduct our business, or we may be less profitable. • Changes in our accounting estimates and assumptions could negatively affect our financial position and operating results. • Limited protection of our intellectual property could harm our business and our ability to compete effectively, and we face the risk that our services or products may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. Risks Relating to our Investments, Debt and Common Stock • Our clean energy investments are subject to various risks and uncertainties. • The IRC Section 45 operations in which we have invested and the by-products from such operations may result in environmental and product liability claims and environmental compliance costs. • We have debt outstanding that could adversely affect our financial flexibility and subjects us to restrictions and limitations that could significantly impact our ability to operate our business. • Credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs and could subject us to operational risk. • We are a holding company and, therefore, may not be able to receive dividends or other distributions in needed amounts from our subsidiaries. • Future sales or other dilution of our equity could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Risks Relating to our Business Generally Global economic conditions and geopolitical events may impact the countries, regions or industries in which we operate and adversely affect our business results of operations and financial condition. Global economic and geopolitical events, including fluctuations in interest, inflation and exchange rates, geo-economic fragmentation and protectionism resulting in greater restrictions on international trade and market uncertainty, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions affecting the flow of goods, services or currency, military actions and war, including between Russia and Ukraine, the Middle East, Latin America and the Caribbean, political crises like U.S. governmental shutdowns, and political violence and instability worldwide could also weigh negatively on the economy. A recession or decline in economic activity, for these and any other reasons, could adversely impact us in future periods. For example, our clients might reduce the amount of insurance coverage, reinsurance coverage, consulting services or claims administration services they purchase due to reductions in headcount, payroll, or replacement and asset values, among other factors. Whether these reductions are caused by an overall economic downturn or declines in certain countries, regions and industries in which we operate, our commission and fee revenues, consulting revenues, or revenues 12 Table of Contents from managing third-party insurance claims could be adversely impacted. Some of our clients may also experience liquidity problems or other financial difficulties due to tightening credit markets or lower levels of economic activity. If our clients file for bankruptcy, liquidate their operations, consolidate or are generally unable to meet their obligations, our revenues, ability to collect receivables and liquidity could be adversely impacted, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. While lower interest rates benefit us by reducing our cost of borrowing, they also reduce investment earnings on our cash, revenue from our premium financing operations and short-term investments of fiduciary and operating funds. In addition, lower levels of inflation may reduce our revenue growth by slowing the increase in insurable asset values. Uncertain economic conditions have created volatility in the U.S. and other markets where we operate. A rise in the cost of labor or cost of capital, among other things, could negatively impact our operating and general and administrative expenses. We have no or limited control over such developments. If our costs grow significantly, our margins and results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted and we may not be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives. Further, a tightening of credit or capital markets could negatively impact our business, financial condition and liquidity, including our ability to continue to access preferred sources of liquidity when needed and under similar terms, which may increase our capital costs. We could also experience losses on holdings of cash and investments due to failures of financial institutions and other counterparties. Thus, a deterioration in macroeconomic conditions could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Economic conditions that result in financial difficulties for underwriting enterprises or lead to reduced risk-taking capital capacity could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We have a significant amount of receivables from certain of the underwriting enterprises with which we place insurance and reinsurance. If those companies experience liquidity problems or other financial difficulties, we could encounter delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. The failure of an underwriting enterprise with which we place business could result in E&O claims against us by our clients. Further, the failure of E&O underwriting enterprises could make the E&O insurance we rely upon cost prohibitive or unavailable. Underwriting enterprises are also clients of our reinsurance and third-party claims administration operations and, as such, any of the negative developments for underwriting enterprises referred to above could also reduce our commission and fee revenues from such clients. Any of these developments could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if underwriting enterprises merge, fail, or withdraw from offering certain lines of coverage, for example, because of large payouts related to natural or man-made disasters, climate or weather events, or other emerging risk areas, overall risk-taking capital capacity could be negatively affected, which could reduce our ability to place certain lines of coverage, reduce demand from the insurance company clients of our reinsurance and third-party claims administration operations and, as a result, reduce our revenues and profitability. We have historically acquired large numbers of insurance brokers, benefit consulting firms and, to a lesser extent, third party claims administration and risk management firms. We may not be able to continue such acquisition strategy in the future and there are risks associated with such acquisitions, which could adversely affect our growth and results of operations. Our acquisition program has been an important part of our historical growth, particularly in our brokerage segment, and we believe that similar acquisition activity will be important to maintaining comparable growth in the future. Failure to successfully identify and complete acquisitions would likely result in slower growth. Continuing consolidation in our industry and a high level of interest in acquiring insurance brokers on the part of private equity firms, private equity-backed consolidators and newly public insurance brokers has, in some cases, made, and could in the future make, appropriate acquisition targets more difficult to identify and more expensive. Even if we are able to identify appropriate acquisition targets, we may not have sufficient capital to fund acquisitions, be able to execute transactions on favorable terms or integrate targets in a manner that allows us to realize the benefits we have historically experienced from acquisitions. When regulatory approval of acquisitions is required, our ability to complete acquisitions may be limited by an ongoing regulatory review or other issues with the relevant regulator. Our ability to finance and integrate acquisitions may also decrease if we complete a greater number of larger acquisitions than we have historically. See the paragraph below regarding larger acquisitions. See also Note 3 to our 2025 consolidated financial statements for information regarding the size of transactions in the reporting period. Post-acquisition risks include poor cultural fit and risks relating to retention of personnel, retention of clients, entry into unfamiliar or complex markets or lines of business, contingencies or liabilities not covered by or in excess of escrowed or indemnified amounts (such as those arising from unlawful sales practices and violations of sanctions laws or anti-corruption laws including the FCPA and U.K. Bribery Act), risks relating to ensuring compliance with licensing and regulatory requirements, tax and accounting issues, the risk that an acquisition distracts management and personnel from our existing business, and integration difficulties relating to accounting, information technology (which we refer to as IT), 13 Table of Contents pay equity, or human resources, some or all of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and growth. The failure of acquisition targets to achieve anticipated revenue and earnings levels could result in goodwill impairment charges. Additionally, through our acquisitions, we may enter new lines of business or offer new services within existing lines of business. For example, our acquisitions of Woodruff Sawyer and Caytons Law added legal consulting services related to directors' and officers’ liability insurance and a U.K.-based claims and legal solutions firm. These new businesses may pose additional risks or increased regulatory burden. Integration efforts relating to larger acquisitions (including, for example, AssuredPartners, the largest acquisition in our history) are more complex, including with respect to technology systems, which may divert management’s attention and resources and could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we have made certain assumptions relating to these acquisitions that may be inaccurate, including as a result of the failure to realize expected benefits, higher than expected integration costs and unknown liabilities as well as general economic and business conditions. These assumptions relate to various matters, including projections of future revenues, non-GAAP measures, expenses and expense allocation; our ability to maintain, develop and deepen relationships with employees, including key brokers, and clients; the amount of goodwill and intangibles; our ability to realize anticipated cost savings and revenue synergies; and other unforeseen compliance, financial and strategic risks. Damage to our reputation or culture could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our reputation is one of our key assets. We advise our clients on and provide services related to a wide range of subjects and our ability to attract acquisition partners and attract and retain clients and employees is highly dependent upon perceptions of our expertise, level of service, ability to protect client information, trustworthiness, business practices, financial condition and other subjective qualities such as ethics, culture and values. We believe that our culture has been a critical component of our growth and success since our founding nearly 100 years ago and the failure to uphold our culture as we grow could negatively impact our reputation. Negative perceptions or publicity, including our association with clients or business partners with damaged reputations, as a result of actions taken by companies we acquire before the acquisition, as a result of marketing partnerships (for example, with a sports team or league), or from actual or alleged conduct by us or our employees, including corruption or bribery allegations or cybersecurity incidents, could damage our reputation. Negative publicity may be posted on social media or other Internet forums, whether or not true, and the speed and pervasiveness with which information can be disseminated through these channels, in particular social media, may magnify the risks noted above. Our success is also dependent on maintaining a good reputation with investors, regulators and the communities in which we operate. As we enter new jurisdictions and markets globally, negative reputational events (whether arising from regulatory matters or otherwise) may have a disproportionate impact in locations or markets where our employee and client presence is limited. Any negative publicity could potentially hinder our growth prospects in such locations or markets. Any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See below for additional risk factors regarding sustainability initiatives and disclosures. Our sustainability-related aspirations, goals and initiatives, and our statements and disclosures regarding sustainability expose us to numerous risks. Differing views and regulatory approaches regarding sustainability have made compliance with regulations, frameworks and stakeholder expectations increasingly complex and subject to risk. Our sustainability-related aspirations, goals and initiatives face scrutiny from the investment community, regulators, current and potential clients, employees, potential acquisition targets, and other stakeholders related to sustainability. This includes scrutiny regarding our goal to reach operational net zero carbon emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) by 2050 and our interim goal of a 50% reduction in such emissions, on a per employee basis, by 2030. We anticipate the same level of scrutiny with respect to any other goals, targets and objectives we may announce in the future, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. We could become the target of litigation, investigations or public criticism alleging that our sustainability efforts are anti-competitive, discriminatory or otherwise unlawful. For example, the State of Texas recently issued an opinion on the legality of corporate diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) programs taking the position that such programs are potentially unlawful under certain circumstances. On the other hand, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our sustainability-related goals, targets and objectives, to comply with ethical, social, environmental or other standards, regulations or expectations, or to satisfy various sustainability reporting standards, which vary widely across different jurisdictions, could also make us the target of litigation, investigations or public criticism. Any resulting erosion of trust and confidence could make it difficult for us to attract acquisition targets or attract and retain clients, employees or investors; result in lower sustainability ratings, exclusion of our stock from sustainability-oriented indices, and reduced demand for our stock from sustainability-focused or anti-ESG investment funds; increase our cost of borrowing; or harm our relationships with regulators and the communities in which we operate. See also “We are subject to regulation worldwide. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if regulations change in a way that adversely affects our operations, we may not be able to conduct our business, or we may be less profitable.” 14 Table of Contents If we are unable to apply technology and data analytics effectively in driving value for our clients through technology-based solutions or gain internal efficiencies and effective internal controls through the application of technology and related tools, our operating results, client relationships, ability to attract acquisition targets, growth and compliance programs could be adversely affected. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to collect and leverage data relating to our business and otherwise anticipate and respond effectively to the risks and opportunities presented by digital disruption, “big data” and data analytics, AI and other developments in technology. These may include new applications or insurance-related services based on AI (e.g., generative AI, machine learning), robotics, blockchain, or new approaches to data mining that impact the nature of how we generate revenue. We may be exposed to competitive risks related to the adoption and application of new technologies by established market participants (for example, through disintermediation) or new entrants such as technology companies, “Insurtech” start-up companies, and others. These new entrants are focused on using technology and innovation in an attempt to simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate. We must also develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences and internal control standards. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis and our ideas may not be accepted in the marketplace. Additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise, make use of data analytics, and develop new technologies in our business requires us to incur significant expenses. Investments in technology systems and data analytics capabilities may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. If we cannot offer new technologies or data analytics solutions as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies, data analytics solutions or other product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, ability to attract acquisition targets, growth, and compliance programs. In some cases, we depend on key third-party vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. If these third parties fail to perform their obligations or cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. See also “We are subject to risks associated with AI.” We are subject to risks associated with AI. We use AI in our business, including with respect to services provided to our clients. We have internal policies and controls governing development, procurement, deployment and the use of AI by our employees designed to align with globally recognized AI principles, maintain trust with clients and protect the company from cybersecurity threats, breaches of data privacy and intellectual property, E&O liability and regulatory enforcement risk; however, our employees could violate these policies and they or external threat actors could circumvent our controls and expose us to such risks. Furthermore, our exposure to these risks may increase if our vendors, suppliers, or other third-party providers employ AI in relation to the products or services they provide to us, as we have limited control over such use in third-party products or services. These risks include, among others, the input of confidential information, including material non-public information, in contravention of our policies or contractual restrictions to which any of the foregoing are subject, or in violation of applicable laws or regulations, including those relating to data protection and AI. This could result in such information becoming part of a data set that is accessible by other third-party AI applications and users. Additionally, AI heavily relies on the collection and analysis of extensive data sets. The third-party models underlying our AI tools may be inadequately designed, implemented or trained, and due to the impracticality of incorporating all relevant data into the models used by AI, it is inevitable that data sets within these models will contain information that has inaccuracies and errors, and potential biases. This could potentially render such models inadequate or flawed, leading to outputs surfacing third-party intellectual property or that contain information that is biased, unethical, discriminatory, incomplete, inaccurate, misleading or poor-quality that could negatively impact the effectiveness of the technology or our services. We are exposed to the risks associated with these inaccuracies, errors and biases, along with the adverse impacts that such flawed models could have on our business and operations. Furthermore, there is a risk that the use of AI may subject the company to reputational harm and liability related to governance and ethical issues and potential litigation from third-party intellectual property holders. The increasing adoption of AI technologies by cyber threat actors presents a significant and evolving risk to our company. These actors may leverage AI to develop more sophisticated and targeted cyberattacks, including advanced phishing schemes, malware, and data exfiltration techniques, which could compromise our controls and systems, client data, and proprietary information. Such incidents could result in operational disruptions, financial losses, reputational damage, regulatory scrutiny, and potential legal liabilities. As the capabilities of AI-driven threats continue to advance, the complexity and scale of cyber risks we face may increase, necessitating ongoing investment in robust cybersecurity measures and threat mitigation strategies. 15 Table of Contents AI and its applications are developing rapidly. The use of this technology by our clients or underwriting enterprises may impact the way our business operates, and its use by our competitors and new market entrants with competing services derived from their AI capabilities may give them a competitive advantage. We cannot predict the effect of these changes at this time. or example, they may decrease the demand for our services or negatively affect our assumptions regarding the competitive landscape of our business. Further, the rapid development of these technologies may require significant efforts to upskill or reskill existing employees. Consequently, it is difficult to predict all risks associated with this new technology, which may eventually impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition. See also “Changes in data privacy and protection laws and regulations, or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business and financial results.” Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified talent, including our senior management team. We depend upon members of our senior management team, who possess extensive knowledge and a deep understanding of our business and strategy. We could be adversely affected if we fail to successfully execute our succession plans for these leaders, including our chief executive and chief financial officers, and if our succession plans are not well-received by our employees, trading partners, investors and other stakeholders. Additionally, members of our senior management team face the risk of cybersecurity and physical threats that, if carried out, could adversely affect our business. We could be adversely affected if we fail to attract and retain talent and foster a diverse and inclusive workplace throughout our organization. Competition for talent is intense in many areas of our business, particularly in our claims management business, IT and in rapidly developing fields such as AI and data engineering. The prevalence of remote working arrangements has expanded the pool of companies that compete with us for talent. As competition for skilled professionals remains intense, employers are implementing new offerings to attract talent, including but not limited to increasing compensation, enhancing health and wellness solutions, and providing remote work options. We may have to devote significant resources to attract and retain talent, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Our industry has experienced competition for brokers and in the past we have lost key brokers and groups of brokers, along with their clients, business relationships and intellectual property directly to our competition. We enter into agreements with many of our brokers and significant client-facing employees and all of our executive officers, which prohibit them from disclosing confidential information and/or soliciting our clients, prospects and employees upon their termination of employment. The confidentiality and non-solicitation provisions of such agreements terminate in the event of a hostile change in control, as defined in the agreements. Although we pursue legal actions for alleged breaches of such agreements, theft of trade secrets, breaches of fiduciary duties, intellectual property infringement and related causes of action, such legal actions may not be effective in preventing such breaches, theft or infringement. In certain cases, our competitors have solicited employees in violation of their employment agreements as a matter of standard business practice, apparently determining that the cost of defending litigation is outweighed by the benefits of acquiring our employees in this manner. Certain states like Minnesota, North Dakota, Oklahoma and Wyoming have implemented rules that would prevent employers from entering into non-competes with employees, while California has broadened the scope of it

=== AJG_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The risk factors described under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 should be considered alongside the information contained in this report. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table shows the purchases of our common stock made by or on behalf of us or any “affiliated purchaser” (as such term is defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) for each fiscal month in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (3) (4) January 1 through January 31, 2026 3,543 $ 261.86 — $ 1,500 February 1 through February 28, 2026 743,536 220.49 725,338 1,340 March 1 through March 31, 2026 1,044,058 223.26 677,292 1,190 Total 1,791,137 $ 222.19 1,402,630 (1) Amounts in this column include shares of our common stock purchased by the trustees of trusts established under our DEPP, our DCPP and our Supplemental Savings and Thrift Plan (which we refer to as the Supplemental Plan), respectively. These plans are considered to be unfunded for purposes of federal tax law since the assets of these trusts are available to our creditors in the event of our financial insolvency. See Note 9 to the March 31, 2026 unaudited consolidated financial statements in this report for more information regarding the DEPP. In the first quarter of 2026, we instructed the trustee for the DEPP and the DCPP to reinvest dividends on shares of our common stock held by these trusts and to purchase our common stock using cash that we contributed to the DCPP related to 2026 awards under the DCPP. The Supplemental Plan is an unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan that allows certain highly compensated employees to defer compensation, including Company match amounts, on a before-tax basis or after‑tax basis. Under the terms of the Supplemental Plan, all amounts credited to an employee’s account may be deemed invested, at the employee’s election, in a number of investment options that include various mutual funds, an annuity product and a fund representing our common stock. When an employee elects to have some or all of the amounts credited to the employee’s account under the Supplemental Plan deemed to be invested in the fund representing our common stock, the trustee of the trust for the Supplemental Plan purchases shares of our common stock in a number sufficient to ensure that the trust holds a number of shares of our common stock with a value equal to all equivalent to the amounts deemed invested in the fund representing our common stock. We want to ensure that at the time when an employee becomes entitled to a distribution under the terms of the Supplemental Plan, any amounts deemed to be invested in the fund representing our common stock are distributed in the form of shares of our common stock held by the trust. We established the trusts for the DEPP, the DCPP and the Supplemental Plan to assist us in discharging our deferred compensation obligations under these plans. All assets of these trusts, including any shares of our common stock purchased by the trustees, remain, at all times, assets of the Company, subject to the claims of our creditors in the event of our financial insolvency. The terms of the DEPP, the DCPP and the Supplemental Plan do not provide for a specified limit on the number of shares of common stock that may be purchased by the respective trustees of the trusts. (2) The average price paid per share is calculated on a settlement basis and does not include commissions. - 51 - Table of Contents (3) Effective July 28, 2021, the board of directors approved a common stock repurchase plan of up to $1.5 billion of common stock. Repurchases of common stock may be effected from time to time through open market purchases, trading plans established in accordance with the SEC’s rules, accelerated stock repurchases, private transactions or other means, depending on satisfactory market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The repurchase plan has no expiration date and we are under no commitment or obligation to repurchase any particular amount of our common stock under his plan. At our discretion, we may suspend the repurchase plan at any time. (4) Dollar values stated in millions. Item 5. Other Information During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. Item 6. Exhibits Filed with this Form 10‑Q 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 8-K Current Report dated May 11, 2023, File No. 1-09761). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K Current Report dated January 29, 2025, File No. 1-09761). 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema with embedded linkbases document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). - 52 - Table of Contents Signature Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Date: May 6, 2026 By: /s/ Douglas K. Howell Douglas K. Howell Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and duly authorized officer) - 53 - 