=== XYZ_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factors Summary Our business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our actual results to be harmed, including risks regarding the following: Risks related to our business and our industry: our ability to retain existing sellers and customers, attract new sellers and customers, and increase sales to both new and existing sellers and customers; our investments in our business and ability to maintain profitability; our recently announced workforce reduction and related reorganization, including the potential for increased reliance on proactive intelligence and artificial intelligence tools; our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brands; our efforts to expand our product portfolio and market reach; our ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for commerce and financial services; competition in our markets and industry; risks related to disruptions in or negative perceptions of the cryptocurrency market; development and use of AI, including generative AI, in our products; any acquisitions, strategic investments, new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions that we may undertake; operating or expanding our business globally; risks related to the banking ecosystem, including through Square Financial Services, our bank partnerships, and FDIC and other regulatory obligations; risks related to our loan products such as repayments and general macroeconomic conditions; and risks related to our majority interest in TIDAL. Operational risks: real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to data; real or perceived security breaches or incidents or human error in administering our software, hardware, and systems; systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services or those of our sellers; any failure to safeguard the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties; our risk management efforts; our dependence on payment card networks and acquiring processors; our reliance on third parties and their systems for a variety of services, including the processing of transaction data and settlement of funds; our dependence on key management and any failure to attract, motivate, and retain our employees; our operational, financial, and other internal controls and systems; any shortage, price increases, tariffs, changes, delay or discontinuation of our key components; and the integration of our services and our products with a variety of operating systems. 21 Economic, financial, and tax risks: a deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions; any inability to secure financing on favorable terms, or at all; our ability to service our debt, including our Convertible Notes and our Senior Notes (each as defined below); counterparty risk with respect to our convertible note hedge transactions; our bitcoin investments being subject to volatile market prices and other risks of loss; foreign exchange rates risks; and any greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities or significant valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets. Legal, regulatory, and compliance risks: extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas of our business; complex and evolving regulations and oversight related to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity; litigation, including intellectual property claims, government investigations or inquiries, and legal and regulatory matters; obligations and restrictions as a licensed money transmitter and virtual currency business; regulatory scrutiny or changes in the BNPL space; regulation and scrutiny of our subsidiary Cash App Investing, which is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA, including net capital and other regulatory capital requirements; regulation and scrutiny of our subsidiary Square Financial Services, which is a Utah state-chartered industrial loan company, including the requirement that we serve as a source of financial strength to it; any inability to protect our intellectual property rights; assertions by third parties of infringement of intellectual property rights by us; and increased scrutiny from investors, regulators, and other stakeholders relating to environmental, social, and governance issues. Risks related to ownership of our common stock: the dual class structure of our common stock; volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock; the dual-listing of our Class A common stock on the NYSE and our CHESS Depositary Interests ("CDIs") on the Australian Securities Exchange ("ASX"); our convertible note hedge and warrant transactions; anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws, and provisions of Delaware law; and exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws. 22 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry Our growth rate has slowed at times and may slow or decline in the future, and our growth rates in each of our reporting segments may vary. Future revenue and gross profit growth depends on our ability to retain existing sellers and customers, attract new sellers and customers, and increase sales to both new and existing sellers and customers. Our rate of revenue and gross profit growth has slowed at times and may decline in the future, and it may slow or decline more quickly than we expect for a variety of reasons, including the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, our rate of revenue and gross profit growth may vary between our reporting segments. For example, in recent periods our Cash App segment revenue and gross profit growth has varied and may continue to vary from the growth rate of our Square segment. Our sellers and customers have no obligation to continue to use our services, and we cannot assure you that they will. We generally do not have long-term contracts with our sellers and customers, and the difficulty and costs associated with switching to a competitor may not be significant for many of the services we offer. Our sellers activity with us may decrease for a variety of reasons, including sellers level of satisfaction with our products and services, our pricing and the pricing and quality of competing products or services, conditions impacting their businesses, including the effects of economic conditions, or reductions in the aggregate spending of our sellers customers. Growth in transacting actives on Cash App and customers level of engagement with our products and services on Cash App are important to our success and long-term financial performance. However, the growth rate of transacting actives has fluctuated over time and may slow or decline in the future. A number of factors have affected and could negatively affect Cash App customer growth, inflows, and engagement levels, including our ability to introduce new products and services that are compelling to our customers and that they adopt, changes to our systems, competitive offerings in the market, processes or other technical or operational requirements that impact how customers use or access our products and services, the impact on our network of other customers choosing whether to use Cash App, our decision to expand into or exit certain markets, technical or other problems that affect customer experience, failure to provide sufficient customer support, fraud and scams targeting Cash App customers, changes in the regulatory environment or regulations applicable to us, and harm to our reputation and brand. Further, certain events or programs, such as government stimulus programs may correlate with periods of significant growth, but such growth may not be sustainable. Additionally, the growth rate of Cash App revenue may be distorted by the prices of bitcoin, as bitcoin revenue may increase or decrease due to changes in the price of, and demand for, bitcoin and may not correlate to customer or engagement growth rates. The growth of our business depends in part on our existing sellers and customers expanding their use of our products and services. If we are unable to increase broader use of our products and services, our growth may slow or stop, and our business may be materially and adversely affected. The growth of our business also depends on our ability to attract new sellers and customers, to encourage sellers and customers to use our products and services, and to introduce successful new products and services. We have invested and will continue to invest in our business in order to offer better or new features, products, and services and to adjust our product offerings to changing economic conditions, but if those features, products, services, and changes fail to be successful on the expected timeline or at all, our growth may slow or decline. We have generated significant net losses in the past, and we intend to continue to invest in our business. Thus, our profitability may decline. We intend to continue to make investments in our business, including with respect to our employee base, sales and marketing, development of new products, services, and features; acquisitions; infrastructure; expansion of international operations, and general administration, including legal, finance, and other compliance expenses related to our business. We also plan to continue to invest in the development of new technologies and initiatives, which may not be successful or may not generate sufficient returns to offset the investment. If the costs associated with acquiring and supporting new or larger sellers, attracting and supporting new Cash App customers, or with developing and supporting products, services and technologies increase in the future, including the fees we pay to third parties to advertise our products and services and compliance costs, our total expenses may rise significantly. In addition, increases in our seller base could result in increased expenses because costs associated with new sellers are generally incurred up front, while revenue is recognized in future periods as our products and services are used by our sellers. Moreover, businesses we acquire may have different profitability than our existing business, which may affect our overall profitability. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses with respect to acquired businesses or our business as a whole, we may incur significant losses and may not maintain profitability on a consistent basis. 23 From time to time, we have made and we may in the future make decisions that will have a negative effect on our short-term operating results if we believe those decisions will improve our operating results over the long-term. For example, we have implemented, and may in the future implement, expense cuts and reductions in the size of our workforce to, among other things, align our cost structure with our business and longer term strategies. In February 2026 we announced a workforce reduction restructuring plan designed to better align our organizational structure with our operating model and strategic priorities. We expect these actions and decisions will result in increased expenses in the short term, could materially impact our operating results in the periods incurred, may impact our ability to generate and increase revenue and may impact our ability to grow or quickly develop and introduce products. Actual costs related to these changes may also exceed our estimates due to changes in assumptions, additional actions, or unforeseen circumstances. Similarly, any future actions and decisions could likewise result in increased expenses and may impact our ability to grow or quickly develop and introduce products. Further, these decisions may not be consistent with the expectations of investors and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our recently announced workforce reduction and related reorganization, including the potential for increased reliance on proactive intelligence and artificial intelligence tools, may not achieve their intended benefits and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In February 2026 we announced a workforce reduction restructuring plan designed to better align our organizational structure with our operating model and strategic priorities. As part of this plan, we expect an increased reliance on automation, proactive intelligence capabilities and AI tools that we believe will enhance productivity and maintain operational efficiency. In addition, these actions will result in severance and other restructuring charges, and may require additional investments in technology and systems. We may not realize the expected cost savings, operating efficiencies or other anticipated benefits of these initiatives within the anticipated timeframe, or at all. The workforce reduction and reorganization may disrupt our operations and adversely affect employee morale and productivity. The departure of employees, including experienced personnel, may result in the loss of institutional knowledge and expertise, and remaining employees may experience increased workloads, which could lead to increased error rates, reduced innovation and attrition of key talent. Our ability to successfully operate with a reduced workforce is expected to depend in part on the effectiveness, reliability and adoption of our proactive intelligence and AI tools. These technologies may not perform as expected, may require more time or expense to implement effectively, may introduce operational or cybersecurity risks, or may fail to enhance productivity and maintain operational efficiency as expected. These actions could increase the risk of operational disruptions, service interruptions, control failures or other significant events, particularly during transition periods, as responsibilities are reassigned and processes are adjusted. We expect to continue to invest in employees we wish to retain and attract, including through increased compensation. In addition, evolving regulatory requirements and public scrutiny relating to AI technologies could increase compliance costs or limit our ability to deploy such tools as intended. We may also incur additional costs not currently contemplated, including costs related to technology implementation, operational disruptions, employee claims, regulatory compliance, or other matters arising from the workforce reduction and reorganization. We may also suffer indirect harm to our business as a result of reputational harm or concerns our customers have regarding the use of AI. Any failure to successfully implement these actions, or any unintended consequences resulting from them, could result in delays in product development or strategic initiatives and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any reassignment of responsibilities, together with potential increased reliance on automation and AI tools to support certain legal, regulatory compliance and risk management functions, may limit our capacity and introduce additional oversight risks. If such tools do not perform as anticipated or are not effectively implemented and monitored, our ability to maintain effective governance, compliance, and risk processes during and after the transition could be impaired, which could increase the risk of regulatory inquiries, investigations, litigation, enforcement actions, control deficiencies and penalties. 24 Our business depends on our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brands. Having a strong and trusted brand has contributed significantly to the success of our business. We believe that maintaining, promoting, and enhancing Square, Cash App, TIDAL, Afterpay, Proto, and our other brands is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our products and services and expanding our base of customers. Maintaining and promoting our brands will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, secure, and innovative products and services, as well as our ability to maintain trust and be a technology leader. We may introduce, or make changes to, features, products, services, privacy practices, or terms of service that customers do not like, which may materially and adversely affect our brands. Our brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or increase revenue, and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brands. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business could be materially and adversely affected. The introduction and promotion of new products and services, as well as the promotion of existing products and services, may be partly dependent on our visibility on third-party advertising platforms, such as Google or Facebook. Changes in the way these platforms operate or changes in their advertising prices, data use practices or other terms could make the maintenance and promotion of our products and services and our brands more expensive or more difficult. If we are unable to market and promote our brands effectively, our ability to acquire new customers would be materially harmed. We also use retail partners to sell hardware and acquire sellers for Square. Our ability to acquire new sellers could be materially harmed if we are unable to enter into or maintain these partnerships on terms that are commercially reasonable to us, or at all. Harm to our brands can arise from many sources, including failure by us or our partners and service providers to satisfy expectations of service and quality; inadequate protection or misuse of sensitive information; fraud committed by third parties using our products or applications; compliance failures and claims; litigation, regulatory claims, investigations, enforcement actions, settlements or consent orders; errors caused by us or our partners; and misconduct by our partners, service providers, or other counterparties. Even allegations regarding the foregoing may harm our reputation and brands and have an adverse impact on the market price on our Class A common stock. Our recent significant workforce reduction may create uncertainty regarding our financial condition, growth prospects, or operational stability. Sellers, customers and business partners may delay or reconsider relationships, and investors may react negatively, which could adversely affect our reputation, relationships, and stock price. We have also been from time to time in the past, and may in the future be, the target of incomplete, inaccurate, and misleading or false statements about our company and our business that could damage our reputation and brands and deter customers from adopting our services or our products. In addition, negative statements about us can cause and have caused a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock, divert our management s attention and resources, and could cause other adverse impacts to our business. Partners and influencers, employees, former employees or other third parties with whom we maintain relationships or have maintained relationships with could engage in behavior or use their platforms to communicate directly with our sellers and customers in a manner that reflects poorly on our brands and such behavior or communications may adversely affect us. Further, negative publicity or commentary regarding the partners and influencers or other third parties who are, or are perceived to be, or have been affiliated with us may also damage our reputation, even if the negative publicity or commentary is not directly related to us. Any negative publicity about the industries we operate in or our company, the quality, reliability, or the way in which we market, disclose, or represent our products and services, our risk management processes, changes to our products and services, our ability to effectively manage and resolve customer complaints, our privacy, data protection, and information security practices, litigation, regulatory activity, policy positions, and the experience of our sellers, customers, employees and former employees with us, our products or services could adversely affect our reputation and the confidence in and use of our products and services. If we do not successfully maintain, protect or enhance our brands, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 25 Our efforts to expand our product portfolio and market reach, including through acquisitions, may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth and profitability. We intend to continue to broaden the scope of products and services we offer. However, we may not be successful in maintaining or growing our revenue, or deriving any significant new revenue streams from these products and services. Failure to successfully introduce new or enhanced products and services that are attractive may inhibit our growth and harm our business. Furthermore, we expect to continue to expand our markets in the future, and we may have limited or no experience in such newer markets. We cannot assure you that any of our products or services will be widely accepted in any market or that they will grow in revenue or contribute to our profitability. Our offerings may present new and difficult technological, operational, and regulatory risks, and other challenges, and if we experience service disruptions, failures, or other issues, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our expansion into newer markets may not lead to growth and may require significant investment of financial resources and of management time and attention, and we may not be able to recoup our investments in a timely manner or at all. In addition, our reduced headcount, any future reduction in headcount or the attrition of key talent may limit our capacity to pursue new product development, geographic expansion, acquisitions, or other growth initiatives. If we are unable to allocate sufficient resources to key priorities, our competitive position and long-term growth prospects could be adversely affected. If any of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and materially and adversely affect our business. Our long-term success depends on our ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for commerce and financial services, and, if we are not able to implement successful enhancements and new features for our products and services, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Rapid and significant technological changes continue to confront the industries in which we operate, including developments in omnichannel commerce, proximity payment devices (including contactless payments via NFC technology), digital banking, mobile financial apps, cryptocurrencies, tokenization (e.g., replacing sensitive data such as payment card information with symbols (tokens) to keep the data safe), blockchain, and AI, including machine learning. These new and evolving services and technologies may be superior to, impair, or render obsolete the products and services we currently offer or the technologies we currently use to provide them. Our ability to develop new products and services may be inhibited by industry-wide standards, payment card networks, existing and future laws and regulations, resistance to change from our customers, which includes our sellers and their customers, or third parties intellectual property rights. Incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and we may not be successful in realizing a return on our efforts in a timely manner or at all. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop new technologies, to adapt to technology changes and evolving industry standards, to incorporate new technologies into our products and services, and to provide products and services that are tailored to specific needs and requirements of our customers. For example, generative AI has become more publicly available and enterprise adoption of generative AI has grown. We have incorporated and expect to continue to incorporate AI features into our products and technologies and our success will depend in part on our ability to do so in a way that is compelling to our customers and cost-effective. We are unable to predict all of the risks related to the use of AI because laws, rules, directives, and regulations governing the use of AI are evolving rapidly and our ability to develop or use AI may be adversely affected. Refer to the risk factor titled Our recently announced workforce reduction and related reorganization, including the potential for increased reliance on proactive intelligence and artificial intelligence tools, may not achieve their intended benefits and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for additional risks related to our expected and planned use of AI. If we are unable to provide enhancements and new features for our products and services or to develop new products and services that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments and evolving industry standards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. We often rely on third parties, including some of our competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies and development of a robust market for these new products and technologies. Failure to accurately predict or to respond effectively to developments in our industry may significantly impair our business. In addition, because our products and services are designed to operate with a variety of systems, infrastructures, and devices, we need to continuously modify and enhance our products and services to keep pace with changes in technologies. Any failure of our products and services to continue to operate effectively with third-party infrastructures and technologies could reduce the demand for our products and services, result in dissatisfaction of our customers, and materially and adversely affect our business. 26 Substantial and increasingly intense competition in our markets and industry may harm our business. We compete in markets characterized by vigorous competition, changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. We expect competition to intensify in the future as existing and new competitors introduce new services or enhance existing services. For example, companies not traditionally associated with the payments industry have introduced products or services that are or may become competitive with our business. We compete against many companies to attract customers across our products and services, and some of these companies have greater financial resources and substantially larger bases of customers than we do, which may provide them with significant competitive advantages. These companies may devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of products and services, may achieve economies of scale due to the size of their customer bases, and may more effectively introduce their own innovative products and services that adversely impact our growth. For example, we offer Cash App customers access to banking services and products through our bank partners, as well as through Square Financial Services. We compete with established banks, neobanks, and other financial technology companies that provide access to similar offerings, some of which have larger established customer bases or provide customers with a different range of offerings than we do. We also compete in the BNPL market and a number of our competitors have introduced or offer BNPL products. Competitors in the BNPL space have engaged in, and may continue to engage in, aggressive consumer acquisition campaigns, may develop superior technology offerings, or consolidate with other entities and achieve benefits of scale. Such competitive pressures may materially erode our existing market share in the BNPL space and may hinder our expansion into new markets. In addition, mergers and acquisitions by, and collaborations between, the companies we compete against may lead to even larger competitors with more resources. Certain sellers have long-standing exclusive, or nearly exclusive, relationships with our competitors to accept payment cards and other services that compete with what we offer. These relationships can make it difficult or cost-prohibitive for us to conduct material amounts of business with them. Competing services tied to established brands may engender greater confidence in the safety and efficacy of their services. If we are unable to differentiate ourselves from and successfully compete with our competitors, our business will be