=== XYZ_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factors Summary Our business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our actual results to be harmed, including risks regarding the following: Risks related to our business and our industry: our ability to retain existing sellers and customers, attract new sellers and customers, and increase sales to both new and existing sellers and customers; our investments in our business and ability to maintain profitability; our recently announced workforce reduction and related reorganization, including the potential for increased reliance on proactive intelligence and artificial intelligence tools; our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brands; our efforts to expand our product portfolio and market reach; our ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for commerce and financial services; competition in our markets and industry; risks related to disruptions in or negative perceptions of the cryptocurrency market; development and use of AI, including generative AI, in our products; any acquisitions, strategic investments, new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions that we may undertake; operating or expanding our business globally; risks related to the banking ecosystem, including through Square Financial Services, our bank partnerships, and FDIC and other regulatory obligations; risks related to our loan products such as repayments and general macroeconomic conditions; and risks related to our majority interest in TIDAL. Operational risks: real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to data; real or perceived security breaches or incidents or human error in administering our software, hardware, and systems; systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services or those of our sellers; any failure to safeguard the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties; our risk management efforts; our dependence on payment card networks and acquiring processors; our reliance on third parties and their systems for a variety of services, including the processing of transaction data and settlement of funds; our dependence on key management and any failure to attract, motivate, and retain our employees; our operational, financial, and other internal controls and systems; any shortage, price increases, tariffs, changes, delay or discontinuation of our key components; and the integration of our services and our products with a variety of operating systems. 21 Economic, financial, and tax risks: a deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions; any inability to secure financing on favorable terms, or at all; our ability to service our debt, including our Convertible Notes and our Senior Notes (each as defined below); counterparty risk with respect to our convertible note hedge transactions; our bitcoin investments being subject to volatile market prices and other risks of loss; foreign exchange rates risks; and any greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities or significant valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets. Legal, regulatory, and compliance risks: extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas of our business; complex and evolving regulations and oversight related to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity; litigation, including intellectual property claims, government investigations or inquiries, and legal and regulatory matters; obligations and restrictions as a licensed money transmitter and virtual currency business; regulatory scrutiny or changes in the BNPL space; regulation and scrutiny of our subsidiary Cash App Investing, which is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA, including net capital and other regulatory capital requirements; regulation and scrutiny of our subsidiary Square Financial Services, which is a Utah state-chartered industrial loan company, including the requirement that we serve as a source of financial strength to it; any inability to protect our intellectual property rights; assertions by third parties of infringement of intellectual property rights by us; and increased scrutiny from investors, regulators, and other stakeholders relating to environmental, social, and governance issues. Risks related to ownership of our common stock: the dual class structure of our common stock; volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock; the dual-listing of our Class A common stock on the NYSE and our CHESS Depositary Interests ("CDIs") on the Australian Securities Exchange ("ASX"); our convertible note hedge and warrant transactions; anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws, and provisions of Delaware law; and exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws. 22 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry Our growth rate has slowed at times and may slow or decline in the future, and our growth rates in each of our reporting segments may vary. Future revenue and gross profit growth depends on our ability to retain existing sellers and customers, attract new sellers and customers, and increase sales to both new and existing sellers and customers. Our rate of revenue and gross profit growth has slowed at times and may decline in the future, and it may slow or decline more quickly than we expect for a variety of reasons, including the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, our rate of revenue and gross profit growth may vary between our reporting segments. For example, in recent periods our Cash App segment revenue and gross profit growth has varied and may continue to vary from the growth rate of our Square segment. Our sellers and customers have no obligation to continue to use our services, and we cannot assure you that they will. We generally do not have long-term contracts with our sellers and customers, and the difficulty and costs associated with switching to a competitor may not be significant for many of the services we offer. Our sellers activity with us may decrease for a variety of reasons, including sellers level of satisfaction with our products and services, our pricing and the pricing and quality of competing products or services, conditions impacting their businesses, including the effects of economic conditions, or reductions in the aggregate spending of our sellers customers. Growth in transacting actives on Cash App and customers level of engagement with our products and services on Cash App are important to our success and long-term financial performance. However, the growth rate of transacting actives has fluctuated over time and may slow or decline in the future. A number of factors have affected and could negatively affect Cash App customer growth, inflows, and engagement levels, including our ability to introduce new products and services that are compelling to our customers and that they adopt, changes to our systems, competitive offerings in the market, processes or other technical or operational requirements that impact how customers use or access our products and services, the impact on our network of other customers choosing whether to use Cash App, our decision to expand into or exit certain markets, technical or other problems that affect customer experience, failure to provide sufficient customer support, fraud and scams targeting Cash App customers, changes in the regulatory environment or regulations applicable to us, and harm to our reputation and brand. Further, certain events or programs, such as government stimulus programs may correlate with periods of significant growth, but such growth may not be sustainable. Additionally, the growth rate of Cash App revenue may be distorted by the prices of bitcoin, as bitcoin revenue may increase or decrease due to changes in the price of, and demand for, bitcoin and may not correlate to customer or engagement growth rates. The growth of our business depends in part on our existing sellers and customers expanding their use of our products and services. If we are unable to increase broader use of our products and services, our growth may slow or stop, and our business may be materially and adversely affected. The growth of our business also depends on our ability to attract new sellers and customers, to encourage sellers and customers to use our products and services, and to introduce successful new products and services. We have invested and will continue to invest in our business in order to offer better or new features, products, and services and to adjust our product offerings to changing economic conditions, but if those features, products, services, and changes fail to be successful on the expected timeline or at all, our growth may slow or decline. We have generated significant net losses in the past, and we intend to continue to invest in our business. Thus, our profitability may decline. We intend to continue to make investments in our business, including with respect to our employee base, sales and marketing, development of new products, services, and features; acquisitions; infrastructure; expansion of international operations, and general administration, including legal, finance, and other compliance expenses related to our business. We also plan to continue to invest in the development of new technologies and initiatives, which may not be successful or may not generate sufficient returns to offset the investment. If the costs associated with acquiring and supporting new or larger sellers, attracting and supporting new Cash App customers, or with developing and supporting products, services and technologies increase in the future, including the fees we pay to third parties to advertise our products and services and compliance costs, our total expenses may rise significantly. In addition, increases in our seller base could result in increased expenses because costs associated with new sellers are generally incurred up front, while revenue is recognized in future periods as our products and services are used by our sellers. Moreover, businesses we acquire may have different profitability than our existing business, which may affect our overall profitability. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses with respect to acquired businesses or our business as a whole, we may incur significant losses and may not maintain profitability on a consistent basis. 23 From time to time, we have made and we may in the future make decisions that will have a negative effect on our short-term operating results if we believe those decisions will improve our operating results over the long-term. For example, we have implemented, and may in the future implement, expense cuts and reductions in the size of our workforce to, among other things, align our cost structure with our business and longer term strategies. In February 2026 we announced a workforce reduction restructuring plan designed to better align our organizational structure with our operating model and strategic priorities. We expect these actions and decisions will result in increased expenses in the short term, could materially impact our operating results in the periods incurred, may impact our ability to generate and increase revenue and may impact our ability to grow or quickly develop and introduce products. Actual costs related to these changes may also exceed our estimates due to changes in assumptions, additional actions, or unforeseen circumstances. Similarly, any future actions and decisions could likewise result in increased expenses and may impact our ability to grow or quickly develop and introduce products. Further, these decisions may not be consistent with the expectations of investors and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our recently announced workforce reduction and related reorganization, including the potential for increased reliance on proactive intelligence and artificial intelligence tools, may not achieve their intended benefits and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In February 2026 we announced a workforce reduction restructuring plan designed to better align our organizational structure with our operating model and strategic priorities. As part of this plan, we expect an increased reliance on automation, proactive intelligence capabilities and AI tools that we believe will enhance productivity and maintain operational efficiency. In addition, these actions will result in severance and other restructuring charges, and may require additional investments in technology and systems. We may not realize the expected cost savings, operating efficiencies or other anticipated benefits of these initiatives within the anticipated timeframe, or at all. The workforce reduction and reorganization may disrupt our operations and adversely affect employee morale and productivity. The departure of employees, including experienced personnel, may result in the loss of institutional knowledge and expertise, and remaining employees may experience increased workloads, which could lead to increased error rates, reduced innovation and attrition of key talent. Our ability to successfully operate with a reduced workforce is expected to depend in part on the effectiveness, reliability and adoption of our proactive intelligence and AI tools. These technologies may not perform as expected, may require more time or expense to implement effectively, may introduce operational or cybersecurity risks, or may fail to enhance productivity and maintain operational efficiency as expected. These actions could increase the risk of operational disruptions, service interruptions, control failures or other significant events, particularly during transition periods, as responsibilities are reassigned and processes are adjusted. We expect to continue to invest in employees we wish to retain and attract, including through increased compensation. In addition, evolving regulatory requirements and public scrutiny relating to AI technologies could increase compliance costs or limit our ability to deploy such tools as intended. We may also incur additional costs not currently contemplated, including costs related to technology implementation, operational disruptions, employee claims, regulatory compliance, or other matters arising from the workforce reduction and reorganization. We may also suffer indirect harm to our business as a result of reputational harm or concerns our customers have regarding the use of AI. Any failure to successfully implement these actions, or any unintended consequences resulting from them, could result in delays in product development or strategic initiatives and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any reassignment of responsibilities, together with potential increased reliance on automation and AI tools to support certain legal, regulatory compliance and risk management functions, may limit our capacity and introduce additional oversight risks. If such tools do not perform as anticipated or are not effectively implemented and monitored, our ability to maintain effective governance, compliance, and risk processes during and after the transition could be impaired, which could increase the risk of regulatory inquiries, investigations, litigation, enforcement actions, control deficiencies and penalties. 24 Our business depends on our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brands. Having a strong and trusted brand has contributed significantly to the success of our business. We believe that maintaining, promoting, and enhancing Square, Cash App, TIDAL, Afterpay, Proto, and our other brands is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our products and services and expanding our base of customers. Maintaining and promoting our brands will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, secure, and innovative products and services, as well as our ability to maintain trust and be a technology leader. We may introduce, or make changes to, features, products, services, privacy practices, or terms of service that customers do not like, which may materially and adversely affect our brands. Our brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or increase revenue, and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brands. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business could be materially and adversely affected. The introduction and promotion of new products and services, as well as the promotion of existing products and services, may be partly dependent on our visibility on third-party advertising platforms, such as Google or Facebook. Changes in the way these platforms operate or changes in their advertising prices, data use practices or other terms could make the maintenance and promotion of our products and services and our brands more expensive or more difficult. If we are unable to market and promote our brands effectively, our ability to acquire new customers would be materially harmed. We also use retail partners to sell hardware and acquire sellers for Square. Our ability to acquire new sellers could be materially harmed if we are unable to enter into or maintain these partnerships on terms that are commercially reasonable to us, or at all. Harm to our brands can arise from many sources, including failure by us or our partners and service providers to satisfy expectations of service and quality; inadequate protection or misuse of sensitive information; fraud committed by third parties using our products or applications; compliance failures and claims; litigation, regulatory claims, investigations, enforcement actions, settlements or consent orders; errors caused by us or our partners; and misconduct by our partners, service providers, or other counterparties. Even allegations regarding the foregoing may harm our reputation and brands and have an adverse impact on the market price on our Class A common stock. Our recent significant workforce reduction may create uncertainty regarding our financial condition, growth prospects, or operational stability. Sellers, customers and business partners may delay or reconsider relationships, and investors may react negatively, which could adversely affect our reputation, relationships, and stock price. We have also been from time to time in the past, and may in the future be, the target of incomplete, inaccurate, and misleading or false statements about our company and our business that could damage our reputation and brands and deter customers from adopting our services or our products. In addition, negative statements about us can cause and have caused a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock, divert our management s attention and resources, and could cause other adverse impacts to our business. Partners and influencers, employees, former employees or other third parties with whom we maintain relationships or have maintained relationships with could engage in behavior or use their platforms to communicate directly with our sellers and customers in a manner that reflects poorly on our brands and such behavior or communications may adversely affect us. Further, negative publicity or commentary regarding the partners and influencers or other third parties who are, or are perceived to be, or have been affiliated with us may also damage our reputation, even if the negative publicity or commentary is not directly related to us. Any negative publicity about the industries we operate in or our company, the quality, reliability, or the way in which we market, disclose, or represent our products and services, our risk management processes, changes to our products and services, our ability to effectively manage and resolve customer complaints, our privacy, data protection, and information security practices, litigation, regulatory activity, policy positions, and the experience of our sellers, customers, employees and former employees with us, our products or services could adversely affect our reputation and the confidence in and use of our products and services. If we do not successfully maintain, protect or enhance our brands, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 25 Our efforts to expand our product portfolio and market reach, including through acquisitions, may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth and profitability. We intend to continue to broaden the scope of products and services we offer. However, we may not be successful in maintaining or growing our revenue, or deriving any significant new revenue streams from these products and services. Failure to successfully introduce new or enhanced products and services that are attractive may inhibit our growth and harm our business. Furthermore, we expect to continue to expand our markets in the future, and we may have limited or no experience in such newer markets. We cannot assure you that any of our products or services will be widely accepted in any market or that they will grow in revenue or contribute to our profitability. Our offerings may present new and difficult technological, operational, and regulatory risks, and other challenges, and if we experience service disruptions, failures, or other issues, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our expansion into newer markets may not lead to growth and may require significant investment of financial resources and of management time and attention, and we may not be able to recoup our investments in a timely manner or at all. In addition, our reduced headcount, any future reduction in headcount or the attrition of key talent may limit our capacity to pursue new product development, geographic expansion, acquisitions, or other growth initiatives. If we are unable to allocate sufficient resources to key priorities, our competitive position and long-term growth prospects could be adversely affected. If any of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and materially and adversely affect our business. Our long-term success depends on our ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for commerce and financial services, and, if we are not able to implement successful enhancements and new features for our products and services, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Rapid and significant technological changes continue to confront the industries in which we operate, including developments in omnichannel commerce, proximity payment devices (including contactless payments via NFC technology), digital banking, mobile financial apps, cryptocurrencies, tokenization (e.g., replacing sensitive data such as payment card information with symbols (tokens) to keep the data safe), blockchain, and AI, including machine learning. These new and evolving services and technologies may be superior to, impair, or render obsolete the products and services we currently offer or the technologies we currently use to provide them. Our ability to develop new products and services may be inhibited by industry-wide standards, payment card networks, existing and future laws and regulations, resistance to change from our customers, which includes our sellers and their customers, or third parties intellectual property rights. Incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and we may not be successful in realizing a return on our efforts in a timely manner or at all. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop new technologies, to adapt to technology changes and evolving industry standards, to incorporate new technologies into our products and services, and to provide products and services that are tailored to specific needs and requirements of our customers. For example, generative AI has become more publicly available and enterprise adoption of generative AI has grown. We have incorporated and expect to continue to incorporate AI features into our products and technologies and our success will depend in part on our ability to do so in a way that is compelling to our customers and cost-effective. We are unable to predict all of the risks related to the use of AI because laws, rules, directives, and regulations governing the use of AI are evolving rapidly and our ability to develop or use AI may be adversely affected. Refer to the risk factor titled Our recently announced workforce reduction and related reorganization, including the potential for increased reliance on proactive intelligence and artificial intelligence tools, may not achieve their intended benefits and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for additional risks related to our expected and planned use of AI. If we are unable to provide enhancements and new features for our products and services or to develop new products and services that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments and evolving industry standards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. We often rely on third parties, including some of our competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies and development of a robust market for these new products and technologies. Failure to accurately predict or to respond effectively to developments in our industry may significantly impair our business. In addition, because our products and services are designed to operate with a variety of systems, infrastructures, and devices, we need to continuously modify and enhance our products and services to keep pace with changes in technologies. Any failure of our products and services to continue to operate effectively with third-party infrastructures and technologies could reduce the demand for our products and services, result in dissatisfaction of our customers, and materially and adversely affect our business. 26 Substantial and increasingly intense competition in our markets and industry may harm our business. We compete in markets characterized by vigorous competition, changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. We expect competition to intensify in the future as existing and new competitors introduce new services or enhance existing services. For example, companies not traditionally associated with the payments industry have introduced products or services that are or may become competitive with our business. We compete against many companies to attract customers across our products and services, and some of these companies have greater financial resources and substantially larger bases of customers than we do, which may provide them with significant competitive advantages. These companies may devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of products and services, may achieve economies of scale due to the size of their customer bases, and may more effectively introduce their own innovative products and services that adversely impact our growth. For example, we offer Cash App customers access to banking services and products through our bank partners, as well as through Square Financial Services. We compete with established banks, neobanks, and other financial technology companies that provide access to similar offerings, some of which have larger established customer bases or provide customers with a different range of offerings than we do. We also compete in the BNPL market and a number of our competitors have introduced or offer BNPL products. Competitors in the BNPL space have engaged in, and may continue to engage in, aggressive consumer acquisition campaigns, may develop superior technology offerings, or consolidate with other entities and achieve benefits of scale. Such competitive pressures may materially erode our existing market share in the BNPL space and may hinder our expansion into new markets. In addition, mergers and acquisitions by, and collaborations between, the companies we compete against may lead to even larger competitors with more resources. Certain sellers have long-standing exclusive, or nearly exclusive, relationships with our competitors to accept payment cards and other services that compete with what we offer. These relationships can make it difficult or cost-prohibitive for us to conduct material amounts of business with them. Competing services tied to established brands may engender greater confidence in the safety and efficacy of their services. If we are unable to differentiate ourselves from and successfully compete with our competitors, our business will be materially and adversely affected. We may also face pricing pressures from competitors. Some competitors may offer lower prices by cross-subsidizing certain services that we also provide through other products they offer. Such competition may result in the need for us to alter our pricing and could reduce our gross profit. Also, sellers may demand more customized and favorable pricing from us, and competitive pressures may require us to agree to such pricing, reducing our gross profit. We currently negotiate pricing discounts and other incentive arrangements with certain large sellers to increase acceptance and usage of our products and services. If we continue this practice and if an increasing proportion of our sellers are large sellers, we may have to increase the discounts or incentives we provide, which could also reduce our gross profit. Developments in the cryptocurrency market subject us to additional risks. Our investments in bitcoin, our bitcoin ecosystem, and our Cash App and Square features that facilitate transactions in bitcoin by our customers and sellers each subject us to additional risks related to developments in the cryptocurrency markets and the resulting impact on customer and investor behavior. Actions taken by regulators, legislatures, and other government actors, including the current U.S. administration, in the cryptocurrency industry, may impact market demand for bitcoin and the supply and pricing for bitcoin. If the cryptocurrency environment deteriorates or improves based on these or other factors, our customers may wish to sell their bitcoin at a price or volume that exceeds the market demand for bitcoin, which could cause disruptions in our operations and have a material and adverse effect on our business and financial condition. If demand increases sharply, either to buy or to sell bitcoin, we may not be able to fulfill that demand in a timely manner or at all, which could result in customer frustration or movement to other platforms. If our customers experience losses due to market fluctuations in the prices of bitcoin, they may reduce or cease their use of our product features that facilitate transactions in bitcoin, or other bitcoin-related products, which could adversely impact our results of operations. Further, our customers could attempt to seek compensation from us for their financial investment losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. Any deterioration in the cryptocurrency markets may have an adverse effect on our reputation, and any negative perception by our customers of one or more cryptocurrencies, or our bitcoin operations, may lead to a loss of customer demand for our products and services, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. We may also suffer a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock due to any negative perception by our customers, investors, or the general public, of bitcoin or the cryptocurrency markets. 27 The development and use of AI in our products may result in reputational and competitive harm and could adversely impact our business. We have incorporated and expect to continue to incorporate AI technologies, including generative AI and AI agents, into our products and technologies. Our use of AI depends on third-party large language models that we do not control, and these models may generate inaccurate, biased, or unexpected outputs that conflict with our business objectives or brand standards. Consumer and societal attitudes toward AI are evolving and there is a risk that customers, regulators or the public may perceive AI technologies negatively. Concerns about automation, privacy, security, bias, transparency, flawed datasets, or other ethical considerations could reduce trust in our products and services or deter customer adoption of AI-enabled features in our products or services. Our customers and sellers may become increasingly reliant on AI outputs in our products and services when making financial or operational decisions. AI-enabled features in our products may generate outputs that could be interpreted as regulated advice, even if unintended or automated. If such AI outputs are, or are perceived to be, inaccurate, biased, flawed, or otherwise determined as providing regulated advice without appropriate authorization, we could face reputational harm, regulatory scrutiny, enforcement actions or liability claims, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to develop and deploy AI features depends on the availability and pricing of third-party AI models, tools, and technical infrastructure, and increases in such costs or constraints on availability could adversely affect our ability to scale and our business. Further, evolving and inconsistent legal frameworks governing AI across different jurisdictions, such as the EU AI Act, other international regimes, and emerging U.S. state regulations may create conflicting compliance obligations, all of which may impose additional costs on us, increase our risk of liability and fines, and may require us to modify, limit, or withdraw certain AI-enabled products or services in particular markets, and adversely affect our ability to scale globally. Our AI initiatives may not improve efficiency, performance, or profitability as expected, and may underperform or fail entirely due to technological limitations, regulatory requirements, or other factors. If our investments in AI do not produce expected benefits, our operating results and long-term growth could be materially and adversely affected. Acquisitions, strategic investments, new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions we enter into could fail to achieve strategic objectives, disrupt our ongoing operations or result in operating difficulties, liabilities and expenses, harm our business, and negatively impact our results of operations. In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions and evaluate opportunities for possible acquisitions, strategic investments, new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions. We have in the past acquired or invested in, and we continue to seek to acquire or invest in, businesses, technologies, or other assets that we believe could complement or expand our business, including acquisitions of new lines of business that are adjacent to or outside of our existing ecosystems or geographic territories. As we grow, the pace and scale of our acquisitions may increase and may include larger acquisitions than we have done historically. The identification, evaluation, and negotiation of potential acquisition or strategic investment transactions may divert the attention of management and entail various expenses, whether or not such transactions are ultimately completed. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, negotiating, and consummating favorable transaction opportunities. In addition to transaction and opportunity costs, these transactions involve large challenges and risks, whether or not such transactions are completed, including risks that: the transaction may not advance our business strategy or may harm our growth, profitability, or reputation; we may not be able to secure required regulatory approvals or otherwise satisfy closing conditions for a proposed transaction in a timely manner, or at all; the transaction may subject us to additional regulatory burdens that affect our business in potentially unanticipated and significantly negative ways; we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment or increase our revenue; 28 we may experience difficulty, and may not be successful in, integrating technologies, IT or business enterprise systems, culture, or management or other personnel of the acquired business; we may incur significant acquisition costs and transition costs, including in connection with the assumption of ongoing expenses of the acquired business; we may not realize the expected benefits or synergies from the transaction in the expected time period, or at all, which may result in impairment charges, costs of winding down acquired operations or other negative impacts to our business; we may be unable to retain key personnel; acquired businesses or businesses that we invest in may not have adequate controls, processes, and procedures to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, including with respect to data privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity, and our due diligence process may not identify compliance issues or other liabilities. Moreover, acquired businesses technology stacks may add complexity, resource constraints, and legacy technological challenges that make it difficult and time consuming to achieve such adequate controls, processes, and procedures; we may fail to identify or assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings, or other circumstances prior to acquiring or investing in a business, which could result in additional financial, legal, regulatory, or tax exposure and may subject us to additional controls, policies, procedures, liabilities, litigation, costs of compliance or remediation, or other adverse effects on our business, operating results, or financial condition; we may have difficulty entering into new market segments or new geographic territories; we may be unable to retain the customers, vendors, and partners of acquired businesses; there may be lawsuits or regulatory actions resulting from the transaction; there may be risks associated with undetected security weaknesses, cyber-attacks, or security breaches or incidents at companies that we acquire or with which we may combine or partner; there may be local and foreign regulations applicable to the international activities of our business and the businesses we acquire; and acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of additional debt. We have experienced certain of these risks in connection with our past acquisitions, and any of the foregoing could harm our business and negatively impact our results of operations. We have in the past, and may in the future, choose to divest certain businesses or product lines. If we decide to sell assets or a business, we may have difficulty obtaining terms acceptable to us in a timely manner, or at all. Additionally, we may experience difficulty separating out portions of, or entire, businesses, incur loss of revenue or experience negative impact on margins, or we may not achieve the desired strategic and financial benefits. Such potential transactions may also delay achievement of our strategic objectives, cause us to incur additional expenses, disrupt customer or employee relationships, and expose us to unanticipated or ongoing obligations and liabilities, including as a result of our indemnification obligations. Further, during the pendency of a divestiture, we may be subject to risks such as a decline in the business to be divested, loss of employees, customers, or suppliers and the risk that the transaction may not close, any of which would have a material adverse effect on the business to be divested and our retained business. If a divestiture is not completed for any reason, we may not be able to find another buyer on the same terms, and we may have incurred significant costs without any corresponding benefit. 29 Joint ventures and minority investments inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational, regulatory, and/or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or minority investment. In addition, we may be dependent on joint venture partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them and who may have business interests, strategies, or goals that are inconsistent with ours. Business decisions or other actions or omissions of the joint venture partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us, and may otherwise damage our reputation and brand. Operating or expanding our business globally subjects us to new challenges and risks. We offer our services and products in multiple countries and we may continue expanding our business further globally. Expansion, whether in our existing or new global markets, will require additional resources and new or expanded controls, and offering our services and products in new geographic regions often requires substantial expenditures and takes considerable time. We may not be successful enough in these new geographies to recoup our investments in a timely manner or at all. Such expansion, and the ongoing operation of our global business, subject our business to substantial risks, including: difficulty in attracting sellers and customers, or a lack of acceptance of our products and services in foreign markets; failure to anticipate competitive conditions and competition with service providers or other market-players that have greater experience in the foreign markets than we do; failure to conform with applicable business customs, including translation into foreign languages, cultural context, and associated expenses; increased costs and difficulty in protecting intellectual property and sensitive data; changes to or restrictions on the way we do business as compared with our current operations; inability to support and integrate with local third-party service providers; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations in an environment of diverse cultures, laws, and customs, challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, and the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal and compliance costs associated with global operations; difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified employees and maintaining our company culture; difficulty in gaining acceptance and maintaining compliance with industry self-regulatory bodies; compliance with multiple complex, potentially conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including with respect to payments, privacy, data protection, information security, and tax; compliance with U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-money laundering laws; enactment of or increases in tariffs, sanctions, fines, or other trade restrictions, including retaliatory actions; exchange rate risk; increased exposure to public health issues such as pandemics, and related industry and governmental actions to address these issues; and economic and political instability and other geopolitical risks. As a result of these risks, our efforts to expand our global operations may not be successful, which could limit our ability to grow our business. 30 We are subject to risks related to the banking ecosystem, including through Square Financial Services, our bank partnerships, and FDIC and other regulatory obligations. Volatility in the banking and financial services sectors may impact our bank partnerships and could negatively impact our business. For example, we offer access to deposit products that are eligible for FDIC pass-through insurance coverage through our partnerships with banks that are members of the FDIC. To ensure deposits are insured by the FDIC on a pass-through basis, we and our bank partners must meet certain conditions established by the FDIC, such as appropriately maintaining records of customers ownership of funds. We believe our banking programs, including records maintained by us and our bank partners, satisfy all applicable regulatory conditions for each eligible participant's deposits to be covered by FDIC insurance, up to the applicable maximum deposit insurance amount. However, if the FDIC were to disagree, the FDIC may not recognize the participants claims as covered by deposit insurance in the event a bank partner fails and enters receivership proceedings under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act ( FDIA ). If the FDIC were to determine that funds held at a bank partner are not covered by deposit insurance, or if one or more of our bank partners were to fail and enter receivership proceedings under the FDIA, our sellers and customers may seek to withdraw their funds, or may not be able to withdraw all their funds in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our brand, business and results of operations, and may lead to claims or litigation, which may be costly to address. Additionally, in instances where we are a service-provider to or are otherwise in a third-party relationship with our bank partners in connection with these programs, we are subject to certain risk-management standards for third-party relationships in accordance with bank regulatory guidance and examinations by the federal and state banking regulators. Should we or our bank partners be unable to satisfy these standards, we may have to discontinue certain product offerings or discontinue certain third-party relationships, and our business and operations may be materially and adversely affected. Further, as a FDIC-insured institution, our subsidiary Square Financial Services is subject to regulatory obligations, including the assessment of a quarterly deposit insurance premium, calculated based on its average consolidated total assets. We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures, Square Financial Services may be required to pay higher deposit insurance assessments or we may be required to pay higher fees associated with FDIC-insured products offered through our bank partnerships, or we may be subject to higher capital requirements imposed by the FDIC, our bank partners, or federal banking regulators with authority over our bank partners, which could reduce our profitability, and negatively impact our business and operations. We intend to continue to explore other products, models, and structures for our product offerings, including with bank partners. Certain of our current product offerings subject us to reporting requirements, bonding requirements, and inspection by applicable federal or state regulatory agencies, and our future product offerings and models and structures for our product offerings may potentially require, or be deemed to require, additional data, procedures, partnerships, licenses, regulatory approvals, or capabilities that we have not yet obtained or developed. Should we terminate any of our relationships with our bank partners, fail to successfully expand and evolve our product offerings, or should our new products, models or structures, or new laws or regulations or interpretations of existing laws or regulations, impose requirements on us that are cumbersome or that we cannot satisfy, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 31 Our loan products are subject to risks related to general macroeconomic conditions and increase our exposure to customer defaults. Revenue generated by our loan products such as Square Loans, as well as Cash App Borrow, and our BNPL products depends on our ability to recoup the loan amount and to effectively manage risk. Square Loans is our commercial lending program. Cash App Borrow is a consumer credit product, allowing our Cash App customers access to short-term loans for a fee. Our BNPL products facilitate commerce between retail merchants and consumers by allowing retail merchant clients to offer their customers the ability to buy goods and services on a BNPL basis. Our loan products are generally unsecured obligations of our borrowers. To the extent a seller breaches a contractual obligation, such as the requirement to make minimum payments or other breach, the seller would be liable for an accelerated business loan repayment, and our recourse is generally to the business and not to any individual or other asset. Although we rely on technology to assess repayment capability for our loan products, there can be no guarantee that such assessment processes will accurately predict repayments. If our underwriting processes fail to adequately capture risks or otherwise miscalculate repayment ability, we may experience higher levels of delinquencies, default and credit losses. As we expand into new products, customer segments, and geographies, including offering existing products to borrowers on different repayment terms or expanding product eligibility, or as inflation, economic downturns, or market volatility increases repayment failures, our ability to appropriately evaluate and manage credit risk may be further challenged, and we may experience higher levels of delinquencies or defaults than we have historically experienced, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Adverse changes in the macroeconomic environment or the credit quality of our sellers could cause some sellers who utilize Square Loans to cease operations or to experience a decline in their payment processing volume, thereby rendering them unable to make payment on the Square Loans and/or extend the repayment period beyond the contractual repayment terms. Similarly, economic factors such as interest rate changes, market volatility or rising unemployment rates could negatively impact loan repayment rates, increase our risk of loss, and materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If consumers who have purchased products or services using our BNPL products do not receive the products or services, they may also cease payment on their outstanding BNPL balances or request a refund on previous payments, and our business may be negatively impacted. If a merchant ceases its operations, closes some or all of its locations, or fails to deliver goods or services to our BNPL customers, the merchant may not be able to reimburse us for chargebacks or refunds or may not be able to repay the funds we have advanced to them, all of which could result in higher charge-off rates than anticipated. In addition, because the servicing fees we receive from third-party investors and lenders depend on the repayment of the loans, if there is an increase in sellers and customers who utilize our loan products who are unable to repay their loans, we will be unable to collect our entire servicing fee for such delinquent loans, which could negatively impact our business. TIDAL subjects us to risks and uncertainties related to the music industry. TIDAL s business is dependent on the various rights holders. We cannot provide assurances that we or TIDAL will be able to maintain or expand arrangements with partners and other third parties on acceptable terms, if at all. Under TIDAL s license agreements and relevant statutes, we must pay all required royalties to record labels, music publishers, and other copyright owners in order to stream, distribute, and display content. The determination of the amount and timing of such royalty payments is complex and subject to a number of variables. Failure to accurately pay our royalties may damage our business relationships, our reputation, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 32 Operational Risks We, our sellers, our partners, and others who use our services obtain and process a large amount of data. Any real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to such data could harm our reputation as a trusted brand, as well as have a material and adverse effect on our business. We, our sellers, and our partners, including third-party vendors and data centers that we use, obtain and process large amounts of data, including data related to our customers, our sellers customers, and their transactions. We face risks, including to our reputation as a trusted brand, in the handling and protection of this data. These risks will increase as our business continues to expand to include new products and technologies, such as AI, and as we and our third-party vendors rely on an increasingly distributed workforce. Our operations involve the storage and transmission of data of individuals and businesses using our services, including their names, addresses, social security/tax ID numbers (or foreign equivalents), government IDs, payment card numbers and expiration dates, bank account information, loans they have applied for or obtained, and data regarding the performance of our sellers businesses. Additionally, certain of our products and services are subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (and the rules and regulations thereunder, as amended, including with respect to the HITECH Act), and therefore we are required to take measures to safeguard protected health information of our health care entity-sellers' customers when using those products and services. Our services also provide third-party developers the opportunity to provide applications to sellers in the Square and Weebly app marketplaces. Sellers who choose to use such applications can grant permission allowing the applications to access content created or held by sellers in their Square or Weebly account. Should our internal or third-party developers experience or cause a breach, incident, technological bug, or similar event, that could lead to a compromise of the content of data held by such sellers, including personal data, our reputation may be harmed and we may be subject to significant fines, penalties or judgments. The growing use of AI in our products and services presents additional risks. AI algorithms or automated processing of data may be flawed, and datasets may be insufficient or may use third-party AI with unclear intellectual property rights or interests. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by us or others could subject us to lawsuits, regulatory investigations, legal and financial liability, or reputational harm. Additionally, our use of AI may create additional, or increase the risk of, cybersecurity breaches and incidents. Our products and services operate in conjunction with, and we are dependent upon, third-party products and components across a broad ecosystem. There have been and may continue to be significant attacks on third-party providers, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party developers or vendors systems and networks have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our products and services. If there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug in one of these third-party products or components and if there is a security exploit targeting them, we could face increased costs, claims and liability, proceedings and litigation, reduced revenue, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. The natural sunsetting of third-party products and operating systems that we use requires our personnel to reallocate time and attention to migration and updates, during which period potential security vulnerabilities could be exploited. More generally, if our privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity measures or those of third-party developers or vendors are inadequate or are breached or otherwise compromised, and, as a result, there is improper disclosure or other processing or handling of or someone obtains unauthorized access to or exfiltrates funds, bitcoin, investments, or other assets, or other data on our systems or our partners systems, or if we, our third-party developers or vendors suffer a cyber-attack, including a ransomware or advanced persistent threat attack, or if any of the foregoing is reported or perceived to have occurred, our reputation and business could be damaged, and we could face liability and financial losses. If data or assets are lost or improperly accessed, misused, disclosed, destroyed, altered, or otherwise processed or handled, or threatened to be improperly accessed, misused, disclosed, destroyed, altered, or otherwise processed or handled, we could incur significant financial losses and costs and liability associated with remediation and the implementation of additional security measures and be subject to claims, litigation, regulatory scrutiny, and investigations. 33 Under payment card rules and our contracts with our card processors and other counterparties, if there is a breach of payment card information that we store or that is stored by our sellers or other third parties with which we do business, we could be liable to the payment card issuing banks for certain of their costs and expenses. Additionally, if our own confidential business information were improperly disclosed, accessed, or breached, our business could be materially and adversely affected. A core aspect of our business is the reliability and security of our payments platforms. Any perceived or actual breach of security or other type of security incident or any type of fraud perpetrated by bad actors such as account takeovers or fake account scams, regardless of how it occurs or the extent or nature of the breach, incident, or fraud, could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand, cause us to lose existing sellers or other customers, prevent us from obtaining new sellers and other customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and incidents and to implement measures in an effort to prevent further breaches and incidents, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability including those resulting from governmental or regulatory investigations, class action litigation, and costs associated with remediation, such as fraud monitoring and forensics. Any actual or perceived security breach or incident at a company providing services to us or our customers on our behalf could have similar effects. Further, any actual or perceived security breach or incident with respect to the bitcoin and blockchain ledger, regardless of whether such breach or incident directly affects our products and services, could have negative reputational effects and harm customer trust in us and our products and services. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may be insufficient to cover all liabilities incurred by such attacks. We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or cybersecurity liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, premiums, or deductibles could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. Our products and services may not function as intended due to errors in our software, hardware, and systems, product defects, or due to security breaches or incidents or human error in administering these systems, which could materially and adversely affect our business. Our software, hardware, systems, and processes may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, particularly to the extent such errors or vulnerabilities are not detected and remedied quickly. We have from time to time found defects and errors in our customer-facing software and hardware, internal systems, external facing communications, manual processes, and technical integrations with third-party systems, including as a result of ordinary course updates to our software and systems, and new errors or vulnerabilities may be introduced in the future. From time to time, such errors or defects in our software, hardware, systems, or external facing communications, including as a result of human errors, have negatively impacted our customers experience with us and led to negative publicity and harm to our brand and reputation. In connection with any such defects or errors, we may also face government inquiries or investigations, claims and litigation, and we may incur additional costs or expenses to remediate the issues. Additionally, we rely on a limited number of component and product suppliers located outside of the U.S. to manufacture our products. As a result, our direct control over production and distribution is limited, and it is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality of our products. Any defects in our hardware products could result in negative publicity, investigations, and litigation, and we may not be fully compensated by our suppliers for any financial or other liability that we suffer as a result. As our hardware and software services continue to increase in size and complexity, and as we integrate new, acquired subsidiaries with different technology stacks and practices, these risks may correspondingly increase as well. 34 In addition, we provide frequent incremental releases of product and service updates and functional enhancements, which increase the possibility of errors. The products and services we provide are designed to process complex transactions and deliver reports and other information related to those transactions, all at high volumes and processing speeds. Any errors, data leaks, security breaches or incidents, disruptions in services, or other performance problems with our products or services caused by external or internal actors could hurt our reputation and damage our and our customers businesses. Software and system errors, or human errors, could delay or inhibit settlement of payments, result in oversettlement, cause reporting errors, cause pricing irregularities or prevent us from collecting transaction-based fees, or negatively impact our ability to serve our customers, all of which have occurred in the past. Similarly, security breaches or incidents, which may be caused by or result from cyber-attacks by hackers or others, computer viruses, worms, ransomware, other malicious software programs, security vulnerabilities, employee or service provider theft, misuse or negligence, phishing, identity theft or compromised credentials, denial-of-service attacks, or other causes, have from time to time impacted our business and could disrupt the proper functioning of our software products or services, cause errors, allow loss or unavailability of, unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, proprietary, confidential or otherwise sensitive data of ours or our customers, and other destructive outcomes. Moreover, security breaches or incidents or errors in our hardware or software design or manufacture could cause product safety issues typical of consumer electronics devices. Any of the foregoing issues could lead to product recalls and inventory shortages, result in costly and time-consuming efforts to redesign and redistribute our products, give rise to regulatory inquiries and investigations, and result in reimbursement obligations, lawsuits and other liabilities and losses, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. Additionally, electronic payment, hardware, and software products and services, including ours, have been, and could continue to be in the future, specifically targeted and penetrated or disrupted by hackers and other malicious actors. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data, products, and services and to disable, degrade, or sabotage them change frequently and may be difficult to detect or remediate for long periods of time, we and our customers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures to stop them. If we or our sellers or other customers are unable to anticipate or prevent these attacks, our sellers' or other customers may be harmed, our reputation could be damaged, and we could incur significant liability. Systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services, or those of our sellers, could harm our business and our brand, and subject us to substantial liability. Our systems and those of our third-party vendors, including data center facilities, may experience service interruptions, outages, cyber-attacks and security breaches and incidents, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, pandemics, fires, other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks and other geopolitical unrest, computer viruses, ransomware, and other malicious software, changes in social, political, or regulatory conditions or in laws and policies, or other changes or events. Our systems and facilities are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and acts of vandalism. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster-recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, as a provider of payments solutions and other financial services, we are subject to increased scrutiny by regulators that require specific business continuity and disaster recovery plans and more rigorous testing of such plans. This increased scrutiny may be costly and time-consuming and may divert our resources from other business priorities. 35 We have experienced and will likely continue to experience denial-of-service and other cyber-attacks, system failures and disruptions, outages, security incidents, and other events or conditions that interrupt the availability, or reduce the speed or functionality of our products and services, including reductions in data integrity and disruptions in our risk management processes. These events have resulted and likely will result in loss of revenue. In addition, we may incur significant expense to repair or replace damaged equipment and remedy resultant data loss or corruption. The risk of security incidents is increasing as we experience an increase in electronic payments, e-commerce, and other online activity. Additionally, due to political uncertainty and military actions around the world, we and our service providers are vulnerable to heightened risks of security incidents and security and privacy breaches from or affiliated with nation-state actors, including attacks that could materially disrupt our systems, operations, supply chain, products, and services. We cannot provide assurances that our preventative efforts against such incidents will be successful. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the speed or other functionality of our products or services could materially harm our reputation and business. Frequent, persistent or significant interruptions in our products and services could cause customers to believe that our products and services are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our products and services, and could permanently harm our reputation and business. Moreover, to the extent that any system failure or similar event results in damages to customers or contractual counterparties, these customers and contractual counterparties could seek compensation from us for their losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. A significant natural or man-made disaster could have a material and adverse impact on our business. Certain of our offices and data center facilities are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our offices or data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our services or could result in related liabilities. We do not maintain insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses that could result from disruptions to our services. Significant natural or other disasters, including pandemics, and severe weather events such as storms, flooding, or wildfires could also have a material and adverse impact on our sellers or other customers, which, in the aggregate, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The theft, loss, or destruction of private keys required to access the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties, such as our customers and our trading partners, may be irreversible, and any failure to safeguard such bitcoin could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. We hold bitcoin on behalf of ourselves and other parties such as our customers and our trading partners. Bitcoin can be accessed by the possessor of the unique cryptographic keys relating to the digital wallet in which the bitcoin is held. While the bitcoin and blockchain ledger require a public key relating to a digital wallet to be published when used in a transaction, private keys must be safeguarded and kept private in order to prevent a third-party from accessing the bitcoin held in such digital wallet. To the extent any of our private keys are lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised and no backup of such private key is accessible, we will be unable to access the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties. The vast majority of bitcoin we hold for ourselves and our customers is held in offline and air-gapped cold storage. To facilitate transactions, we hold a small portion of bitcoin in a networked hot wallet. At times, we may also utilize third-party custodians to custody our bitcoin or a portion of the bitcoin held for our customers on our behalf. Any inappropriate access or theft of bitcoin held by us or any third-party custodian, or the third-party custodian s failure to maintain effective controls over the custody and other settlement services provided to us, could materially and adversely affect us. Although we have taken steps to mitigate the potential risk of loss for the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties, including holding insurance coverage specifically for certain bitcoin incidents, we cannot provide assurance that the digital wallets used to store our and other parties bitcoin will not be hacked or compromised. The bitcoin and blockchain ledger, as well as other cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies, have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches or incidents, hacking, or other malicious activities. Any loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used to store our customers bitcoin could adversely affect our customers ability to access or sell their bitcoin and could harm customer trust in us and our products, require us to expend significant funds for remediation, and expose us to litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, and other potential liability. Additionally, any loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used by third parties to store bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies could have negative reputational effects on us and harm customer trust in us and our products and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 36 Our risk management efforts may not be effective, which could expose us to losses and liability and otherwise harm our business. We offer payments and other products and services to a large number of customers. We have programs to vet and monitor these customers and the transactions we process for them as part of our risk management efforts, but such programs require continuous improvement and may not be effective in detecting and preventing fraud, bad actors, or illegitimate transactions. When our payments services are used to process illegitimate transactions, and we settle those funds to customers and are unable to recover them, we suffer losses and liability. As a greater number of larger sellers use our services, our exposure to material risk losses from a single seller, or from a small number of sellers, will increase. Illegitimate transactions and bad actors can also expose us to governmental and regulatory enforcement actions, which may impair or otherwise limit our ability to operate or provide certain services, products, or features and potentially prevent us from satisfying our contractual obligations to our third-party partners, which may cause us to be in breach of our obligations. The highly automated nature of, and liquidity offered by, our payments and peer-to-peer services make us and our customers a target for illegal or improper uses, including scams and fraud directed at us and our customers, fraudulent or illegal sales of goods or services, money laundering, and terrorist financing. Identity thieves and those committing fraud using stolen or fabricated credit card, debit card, or bank account numbers, or other deceptive or malicious practices such as account takeovers, potentially can steal significant amounts of money from businesses like ours or from our customers or third parties. Our risk management policies, procedures, techniques, and processes may not be sufficient to identify all of the risks to which we are exposed, to enable us to prevent or mitigate the risks we have identified, or to identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. Our current business, the changing and uncertain economic, geopolitical and regulatory environment, and our anticipated domestic and international growth will continue to place significant demands on our risk management and compliance efforts. As our ecosystems grow and our business becomes more complex, we will need to continue developing, improving, and making investments into our risk management infrastructure, techniques, and processes. In addition, when we introduce new products or services, expand existing services or products to new or different cohorts of customers, including online payment acceptance and expanded methods of instantly moving money, offering existing products to borrowers on different repayment terms or expanding product eligibility, focus on new business areas, including consumer financing and loans, or begin to operate in markets where we have a limited history of fraud loss, we may be less able to forecast and carry appropriate reserves on our books for those losses. Additionally, certain Cash App functions are available to customers under 18 with the authorization of a parent or guardian. The risks and the potential harm to our reputation are magnified in instances of fraud or unauthorized or inappropriate transactions involving minors. Our technologies or features may be licensed under commercial, non-commercial, or open-source terms to third parties for use in their own products and services. Despite implementing technical safeguards and contractual restrictions, we have limited visibility into how such technologies or features are used, and any misuse for harmful, illegal, or competitive purposes could expose us to reputational, financial, or legal harm. While we maintain a program of insurance coverage for various types of liabilities, our insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses, and coverage may be denied or limited due to policy terms. In addition, we self-insure (including through captive insurance arrangements) where we believe we can adequately self-insure against the anticipated exposure and risk or where insurance is either not deemed cost-effective or is unavailable. However, we may underestimate the likelihood of risk or the magnitude of our financial exposure, and if we suffer losses that are not covered by insurance, exceed available insurance coverage, or exceed the amounts we have accrued or otherwise set aside for self-insured risks, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 37 We are currently, and will continue to be, exposed to risks associated with chargebacks and refunds in connection with payment card fraud or relating to the goods or services provided by our sellers. In the event that a billing dispute between a cardholder and a seller is not resolved in favor of the seller, including in situations where the seller engaged in fraud, the transaction is typically charged back to the seller and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. The risk of chargebacks is typically greater with our sellers that promise future delivery of goods and services. Moreover, chargebacks typically increase during economic downturns due to sellers becoming insolvent or bankrupt or otherwise unable to fulfill their commitments for goods or services. Global supply chain disruptions and shortages and heightened tariffs may also negatively affect sellers' ability to deliver goods and services on time or at all, which increases the risk of chargebacks. If we are unable to collect chargebacks or refunds from the seller s account, or if the seller refuses to or is unable to reimburse us for chargebacks or refunds due to closure, bankruptcy, or other reasons, we, as the merchant of record, may bear the loss for the amounts paid to the cardholder. We collect and hold reserves for a limited number of sellers whose businesses are deemed higher risk in order to help cover potential losses from chargebacks and refunds, but this practice is limited and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in mitigating such losses. Our financial results would be adversely affected to the extent sellers do not fully reimburse us for the related chargebacks and refunds. In addition, if more of our sellers, or a number of our larger sellers, become insolvent or bankrupt, our potential losses from chargebacks and refunds may increase and exceed our reserves, in which case we may suffer financial losses and our business may be adversely affected. Moreover, businesses that cannot process EMV chip cards are held financially responsible for certain fraudulent transactions conducted using chip-enabled cards. Not all of the readers we offer to merchants are EMV-compliant. If we are unable to maintain our losses from chargebacks at acceptable levels, the payment card networks could fine us, increase our transaction-based fees, or terminate our ability to process payment cards. Any increase in our transaction-based fees could damage our business, and if we were unable to accept payment cards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. If any of our risk management policies and processes, including our insurance coverage, self-insurance or holding seller reserves, are ineffective or insufficient, we may suffer large financial losses, we may be subject to civil and criminal liability, and our business, results of operations, or financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. We are dependent on payment card networks and acquiring processors, and changes to our relationships with payment card networks and acquiring processors could harm our business. Our business depends on our ability to accept credit and debit cards, and this ability is provided by the payment card networks, including Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. For a majority of our transactions, we do not directly access the payment card networks that enable our acceptance of payment cards. As a result, we must rely on banks and acquiring processors to process transactions on our behalf. These banks and acquiring processors may fail or refuse to process transactions on our behalf, may breach their agreements with us, may take actions that degrade the functionality of our services, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competitive services, including their own services. We have in the past and may in the future terminate or change the scope of our relationships with these banks and acquiring processors. If we are unsuccessful in establishing, renegotiating, or maintaining mutually beneficial relationships with these payment card networks, banks, and acquiring processors, our business may be harmed. The payment card networks and our acquiring processors require us to comply with payment card network operating rules, including special operating rules that apply to us as a payment facilitator providing payment processing services to merchants. The payment card networks set these network rules and have discretion to interpret the rules and change them at any time. Changes to these network rules or how they are interpreted could have a significant impact on our business and financial results. For example, changes in the payment card network rules regarding chargebacks may affect our ability to dispute chargebacks and the amount of losses we incur from chargebacks. Any changes to or interpretations of the network rules that are inconsistent with the way we or our acquiring processors currently operate may require us to make changes to our business that could be costly or difficult to implement. If we fail to make such changes or otherwise resolve the issue with the payment card networks, the networks could fine us or prohibit us from processing payment cards. In addition, violations of the network rules or any failure to maintain good relationships with the payment card networks could impact our ability to receive incentives from them, increase our costs, or otherwise harm our business. If we were unable to accept payment cards or were limited in our ability to do so, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 38 We are required to pay interchange and assessment fees, processing fees, and bank settlement fees to third-party payment processors, payment networks, and financial institutions. From time to time, payment card networks have increased, and may in the future increase, the interchange fees and assessments that they charge for each transaction processed using their networks. In some cases, we have negotiated favorable pricing with acquiring processors and networks that are contingent on certain business commitments and other conditions. If we fail to meet such conditions, the fees we are charged will rise, and we may be required to pay back some or all of the favorable pricing benefits. Moreover, our acquiring processors and payment card networks may refuse to renew our agreements with them on terms that are favorable, commercially reasonable, or at all. Interchange fees or assessments are also subject to change from time to time due to government regulation. Any increase or decrease in interchange fees or assessments or in the fees we pay to our third-party payment processors, payment networks, or financial institutions could increase our costs, make our pricing less competitive, lead us to change our pricing model, or adversely affect our margins, all of which could materially harm our business and financial results. We could be, and in the past have been, subject to penalties from payment card networks if we fail to detect activities that are illegal, contrary to the payment card network operating rules, or considered high risk. We must either prevent high-risk individuals from using our products and services or register such high-risk individuals with the payment card networks and conduct additional monitoring with respect to such high-risk individuals. Any such penalties could become material and could result in termination of our ability to accept payment cards or could require changes in our process for registering new sellers and customers. This could materially and adversely affect our business. We rely on third parties and their systems for a variety of services, including the processing of transaction data and settlement of funds to us and our customers, and these third parties failure to perform these services adequately or refusal to continue their relationship with us could materially and adversely affect our business. To provide our products and services, we rely on third parties that we do not control, such as the payment card networks, our acquiring and issuing processors, the payment card issuers, a carrying broker-dealer, bank partners, various financial institution partners, systems like the Federal Reserve Automated Clearing House, and other partners. We rely on these third parties for a variety of services, including the transmission of transaction data, processing of chargebacks and refunds, settlement of funds to our sellers, certain brokerage services, storing customer funds, authorizing payment transactions under our various card programs, originating loans to customers, providing liquidity for Cash App s feature that permits our customers to buy and sell bitcoin, and providing information and other elements of our services. For example, we rely on a limited number of acquiring processors in some of the jurisdictions in which we offer our services. We frequently review and assess third-party partners that provide services. Adding or transitioning to new acquiring or issuing processors, bank partners, or other third-party providers may significantly disrupt our business or increase our costs. We have also in the past experienced outages with third parties, which have affected our ability to provide services and process payments, including for cards issued under our own brands. In the event these third parties fail to provide these services adequately, including as a result of financial difficulty or insolvency, errors in their systems, outages or events beyond their control, or refuse to provide these services, increases their fees significantly, or refuse to renew our agreements with them on terms acceptable to us or at all, and we are not able to find suitable alternatives, our business may be materially and adversely affected. We depend on key management, as well as our experienced and capable employees, and any failure to attract, motivate, and retain our employees could harm our ability to maintain and grow our business. Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued service of our executives and other key employees. If we lose the services of any member of management or any key personnel, we may not be able to locate a suitable or qualified replacement, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit and train a replacement, which could disrupt our business and growth. 39 To maintain and grow our business, we will need to identify, attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled employees. This requires significant time, expense, and attention. In addition, we have made and may in the future make changes in our management team or management structure that may be disruptive to our business. If our management team or management structure, including any new hires that we make, fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. Competition for highly skilled personnel is intense. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. Further, our recent changes in our organizational structure, and restructurings of our employee base we have undertaken and may undertake in the future may adversely impact employee morale, and adversely affect our ability to retain or attract highly skilled employees. Refer to the risk factor titled Our recently announced workforce reduction and related reorganization, including the potential for increased reliance on proactive intelligence and artificial intelligence tools, may not achieve their intended benefits and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for additional risks related to our recently announced workforce reduction. Historically, equity awards have been a key component of our employee compensation, and as a result, any decline in the price of our Class A common stock (directly or relative to the stock price of other companies with which we compete for talent) may adversely impact our ability to retain employees or to attract new employees. Additionally, potential changes in U.S. immigration policy may make it difficult to renew or obtain visas for any highly skilled personnel that we have hired or may hire in the future. Furthermore, our business may be materially adversely affected if legislative or administrative changes to immigration or visa laws and regulations impair our hiring processes or projects involving personnel who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed. If we are not able to add or retain employees effectively, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely affected, and our business and growth prospects will be harmed. If we do not continue to maintain and improve our operational, financial, and other internal controls and systems to manage growth effectively, our business could be harmed. Our current business and anticipated growth, as well as our entry into new lines of business and our acquisitions, will continue to place significant demands on our management and other resources. In order to manage our growth effectively, we must continue to strengthen our existing infrastructure and operational procedures, enhance our internal controls and reporting systems, and ensure we timely and accurately address issues as they arise. In particular, our continued growth will increase the challenges involved in: improving existing and developing new internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our operational, financial, communications, and other internal systems and procedures; successfully expanding and implementing internal controls as they relate to our new lines of business and any acquired businesses; identifying and mitigating new and developing risks; installing enhanced management information and control systems; and preserving our core values, strategies, and goals and effectively communicating these to our employees worldwide. These challenges have magnified as we continue to be a distributed workforce. In addition, our recently announced workforce reduction and any resulting changes in personnel and responsibilities may require changes to our internal controls, financial reporting processes, cybersecurity oversight, or other risk management functions, which could result in disruptions or temporary deficiencies. If we are not successful in developing and implementing the right processes and tools to manage our enterprise, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely impacted. These efforts may require substantial financial expenditures, commitments of resources, developments of our processes, and other investments and innovations. As we grow and our business model evolves, we must balance the need for additional controls and systems with the ability to efficiently develop and launch new features for our products and services. However, it is likely that as we grow, we will not be able to launch new features, or respond to customer or market demands as quickly as a smaller, more efficient organization. If we do not successfully manage our growth, our business will suffer. 40 The metrics we use to measure our business are calculated using internal company data based on the activity we measure on our platforms and may be compiled from multiple systems, including systems that are organically developed or acquired through business combinations. There are inherent challenges and limitations in measuring our business globally at scale, and the methodologies used to calculate our metrics inherently require certain assumptions and judgments. For example, we currently identify a Cash App transacting active as a Cash App account that has at least one financial transaction using any product or service within Cash App during a specified period although certain of these accounts may share an alias identifier with one or more other transacting active accounts (for example, families sharing one alias identifier or one customer with multiple accounts). Examples of transactions include sending or receiving a peer-to-peer payment, transferring money into or out of Cash App, making a purchase using Cash App Card, earning a dividend on a stock investment, paying back a loan, among others. We regularly review our processes for calculating these metrics, and from time to time we may make a