=== URI_2026-01-28.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business, results of operations and financial condition are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Should any of these risks materialize, our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects could be negatively impacted, which in turn could affect the trading value of our securities. Industry and Economic Risks Challenging economic conditions and the occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including public health crises and epidemics, have in the past adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, us, our customers or our suppliers and in turn adversely affect our business, revenues and operating results. Our business has been and may in the future be adversely affected by economic conditions in the United States and globally. A worsening of economic conditions, in particular with respect to North American construction and industrial activities, could cause weakness in our end-markets and adversely affect our revenues and operating results, the effect of which could be exacerbated due to end-market concentration. Our general rental equipment and specialty equipment are used in connection with private non-residential construction and industrial activities. In the past, weakness in our end-markets has led to a decrease in the demand for our equipment and in the rates we realized. Such decreases have adversely affected our operating results by causing our revenues to decline and, because certain of our costs are fixed, our operating margins to be reduced. In addition, the following factors, among others, could adversely impact us, our customers or our suppliers and in turn adversely affect our revenues and operating results: a decrease in expected levels of infrastructure spending; a lack of availability of credit; excess fleet in the equipment rental industry; a decrease in the level of exploration, development, production activity and capital spending by oil and natural gas companies; an increase in costs, including the cost of construction materials, as a result of inflation, tariffs or other factors; an increase in interest rates; instability in macroeconomic conditions; adverse weather conditions, which may temporarily affect a particular region; a prolonged shutdown of the U.S. government; public health crises and epidemics (or concerns over the possibility of such a health crisis or epidemic), such as COVID-19; supply chain disruptions; terrorism or hostilities involving the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia or New Zealand; geopolitical conflicts, such as those in Ukraine and Venezuela, and the resultant sanctions and other measures imposed in response; or other unforeseen or catastrophic events. These factors have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in, among other things, weakness in our end-markets, reduced customer demand for equipment rentals, reduced availability and productivity of our employees, increased costs, delayed payments from our customers and uncollectible accounts, impacts to previously announced strategic plans or impacts to our ability to access funds from financial institutions and capital markets on terms favorable to us, or at all. 9 Table of Contents Our industry is highly competitive, and competitive pressures have in the past led, and could lead again in the future, to a decrease in our market share or in the prices that we can charge. The equipment rental industry is highly fragmented and competitive. Our competitors include small, independent businesses with one or two rental locations, regional competitors that operate in one or more states, national and global companies or divisions of national and global companies, and equipment vendors and dealers who both sell and rent equipment directly to customers. We may in the future encounter increased competition from our existing competitors or from new competitors. Competitive pressures have in the past adversely affected, and could again in the future adversely affect, our revenues and operating results by, among other things, decreasing our rental volumes, depressing the prices that we can charge or increasing our costs to retain employees. Trends in oil and natural gas prices have in the past adversely affected, and could again in the future adversely affect, the level of exploration, development and production activity of certain of our customers and the demand for our services and products. Demand for our services and products is sensitive to the level of exploration, development and production activity of, and the corresponding capital spending by, oil and natural gas companies, including national oil companies, regional exploration and production providers, and related service providers. The level of exploration, development and production activity is directly affected by trends in oil and natural gas prices, which historically have been volatile and are likely to continue to be volatile. Prices for oil and natural gas are subject to potentially large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, and a variety of other economic factors that are beyond our control. Any prolonged reduction in oil and natural gas prices will depress the immediate levels of exploration, development and production activity, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even the perception of longer-term lower oil and natural gas prices by oil and natural gas companies and related service providers can similarly reduce or defer major expenditures by these companies and service providers given the long-term nature of many large-scale development projects. Additionally, potential climate change regulation could adversely affect the level of exploration, development and production activity of certain of our customers and the demand for our services and products. See Operational Risks Severe weather events and other natural occurrences may materially adversely impact our operations and markets . Increases in fuel costs or reduced supplies of fuel have in the past harmed, and could in the future again harm, our business. We believe that one of our competitive advantages is the mobility of our fleet. Accordingly, our business in the past has been, and in the future could be, adversely affected by limitations on fuel supplies or significant increases in fuel prices that result in higher costs to us for transporting equipment from one branch to another branch. Although we have used, and may continue to use, futures contracts to hedge against fluctuations in fuel prices, a significant or protracted price fluctuation or disruption of fuel supplies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, potential climate change regulation could increase the overall cost of fuel to us and have a material adverse effect on us. See Operational Risks Severe weather events and other natural occurrences may materially adversely impact our operations and markets . Risks Related to our Indebtedness and Liquidity Our significant indebtedness exposes us to various risks. At December 31, 2025, our total indebtedness was $14.2 billion. Our significant indebtedness could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition in a number of ways by, among other things: increasing our vulnerability to, and limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, adverse economic, industry or competitive developments; making it more difficult to pay or refinance our debts as they become due during periods of adverse economic, financial market or industry conditions; requiring us to devote a substantial amount of our cash flow to debt service, reducing the funds available for other purposes, including funding working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, execution of our growth strategy and other general corporate purposes, or otherwise constraining our financial flexibility; restricting our ability to move operating cash flows to Holdings. URNA s payment capacity is restricted under the covenants in our senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility ( ABL facility ), our senior secured term loan credit facility ( term loan facility ) and the indentures governing URNA s outstanding senior notes; 10 Table of Contents affecting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, acquisitions or other purposes, particularly since substantially all of our assets are subject to security interests relating to existing indebtedness; decreasing our profitability or cash flow; causing us to be less able to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; causing us to be disadvantaged compared to competitors with less debt and lower debt service requirements; resulting in a downgrade in our credit rating or the credit ratings of any of the indebtedness of our subsidiaries, which could increase the cost of further borrowings; requiring our debt to become due and payable upon a change in control; and limiting our ability to borrow additional monies in the future to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. A portion of our indebtedness bears interest at variable rates that are linked to changing market interest rates. As a result, increases in market interest rates increase our interest expense and our debt service obligations. At December 31, 2025, we had $4.1 billion of indebtedness that bore interest at variable rates. As of December 31, 2025, our variable rate indebtedness represented 29 percent of our total indebtedness. See Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for additional information related to interest rate risk. We may not be able to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. Our inability to refinance our indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ongoing results of operations. Our ability to refinance indebtedness will depend in part on our operating and financial performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. In addition, prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing could increase our interest expense. A refinancing of our indebtedness could also require us to comply with more onerous covenants and further restrict our business operations. Our inability to refinance our indebtedness or to do so upon attractive terms could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and make us vulnerable to adverse industry and general economic conditions. We may incur substantially more debt and take other actions that could diminish our ability to make payments on our indebtedness when due, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our current level of indebtedness. Despite our indebtedness level, we may incur substantially more indebtedness in the future and such indebtedness may be secured indebtedness. The indentures and other agreements governing our current indebtedness permit us to recapitalize our debt or take a number of other actions, any of which could diminish our ability to make payments on our indebtedness when due and further exacerbate the risks associated with our current level of indebtedness. If new debt is added to our or any of our existing and future subsidiaries' current debt, the related risks that we now face could intensify and we may not be able to meet all of our debt obligations. If we are unable to satisfy the financial covenant or comply with other covenants in certain of our debt agreements, our lenders could elect to terminate the agreements and require us to repay the outstanding borrowings, or we could face other substantial costs. We rely on our ABL facility and accounts receivable securitization facility to provide liquidity for our business, including to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, operating expenses and other liquidity needs. The only financial covenant that currently exists under the ABL facility is the fixed charge coverage ratio. Subject to certain limited exceptions specified in the ABL facility, the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant under the ABL facility will only apply in the future if specified availability under the ABL facility falls below 10 percent of the maximum revolver amount under the ABL facility for five consecutive business days. When certain conditions are met, cash and cash equivalents and borrowing base collateral in excess of the ABL facility size may be included when calculating specified availability under the ABL facility. As of December 31, 2025, specified availability under the ABL facility exceeded the required threshold and, as a result, this financial covenant was inapplicable. Under our accounts receivable securitization facility, we are required, among other things, to maintain certain financial tests relating to: (i) the default ratio, (ii) the delinquency ratio, (iii) the dilution ratio and (iv) days sales outstanding. The accounts receivable securitization facility also requires us to comply with the fixed charge coverage ratio under the ABL facility, to the extent the ratio is applicable under the ABL facility. If we are unable to satisfy the financial covenant under the ABL facility or the financial tests under the accounts receivable securitization facility or comply with any of the other relevant covenants under the applicable agreement, the lenders could elect to terminate the ABL facility and/or the accounts receivable securitization facility and require us to repay outstanding borrowings. In such event, unless we are able to refinance the 11 Table of Contents indebtedness coming due and replace the ABL facility and/or the accounts receivable securitization facility, we would likely not have sufficient liquidity for our business needs and would be forced to adopt an alternative strategy. Even if we adopt an alternative strategy, the strategy may not be successful and we may not have sufficient liquidity to service our debt and fund our operations. Future debt arrangements we enter into may contain similar financial covenant provisions. Restrictive covenants in certain of the agreements and instruments governing our indebtedness may adversely affect our financial and operational flexibility. In addition to the financial covenant and other financial tests, various other covenants in the ABL facility, term loan facility, accounts receivable securitization facility and the other agreements governing our debt impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our restricted subsidiaries. Such covenants include, among other things, limitations on: (i) liens; (ii) indebtedness; (iii) mergers, consolidations and acquisitions; (iv) sales, transfers and other dispositions of assets; (v) loans and other investments; (vi) dividends and other distributions, stock repurchases and redemptions and other restricted payments; (vii) dividends, other payments and other matters affecting subsidiaries; (viii) transactions with affiliates; and (ix) issuances of preferred stock of certain subsidiaries. Future debt agreements we enter into may include similar provisions. These restrictions may cause us to suspend or cease share repurchases or the payment of dividends. These restrictions may also make more difficult or discourage a takeover of us, whether favored or opposed by our management and/or our board of directors ( Board of Directors ). Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and any material deviations from our forecasts could require us to seek waivers or amendments of covenants or alternative sources of financing, or to reduce expenditures. We cannot guarantee that such waivers, amendments or alternative financing could be obtained or, if obtained, would be on terms acceptable to us. A breach of any of the covenants or restrictions contained in these agreements would result in an event of default. Such a default could allow our debt holders to accelerate repayment of the related debt, as well as any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies, and/or to declare all borrowings outstanding under these agreements to be due and payable. If our debt is accelerated, our assets may not be sufficient to repay such debt. We rely on borrowings under the ABL facility and the accounts receivable securitization facility to provide funds to operate our business and make capital expenditures, and our business would be adversely affected if those facilities are not available to be drawn, or amounts available to be drawn are reduced. In addition to cash we generate from our business, our principal existing sources of funds to support operations and make capital expenditures on equipment and other items are borrowings available under the ABL facility and the accounts receivable securitization facility. The amount of borrowings permitted at any time under the ABL facility and the accounts receivable securitization facility is limited to a periodic borrowing base valuation of the collateral thereunder. Borrowings under the ABL facility are principally supported by pledges of rental equipment, and borrowings under the accounts receivable securitization are principally supported by our accounts receivable. As a result, our access to credit under the ABL facility and the accounts receivable securitization facility is potentially subject to significant fluctuations depending on the value of the borrowing base of eligible assets as of any measurement date, and, in the case of the ABL facility, certain discretionary rights of the agent in respect of the calculation of such borrowing base value. If our access to such financing was unavailable or reduced, our liquidity, results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected, which could cause material harm to our business. In addition, if certain of our lenders experience difficulties that render them unable to fund future draws on the facilities, we may not be able to access all or a portion of these funds, which could have similar adverse consequences. If we are unable to obtain additional capital as required, we may be unable to fund the capital outlays required for the success of our business. If the cash that we generate from our business, together with cash that we may borrow under the ABL facility and accounts receivable securitization facility, is not sufficient to fund our capital requirements, we will require additional debt and/or equity financing. However, we may not succeed in obtaining the requisite additional financing or such financing may include terms that are not satisfactory to us. We may not be able to obtain additional debt financing as a result of prevailing interest rates or other factors, including the presence of covenants or other restrictions under the ABL facility and/or other agreements governing our debt. In the event we seek to obtain equity financing, our stockholders may experience dilution as a result of the issuance of additional equity securities. This dilution may be significant depending upon the amount of equity securities that we issue and the prices at which we issue such securities. If we are unable to obtain sufficient additional capital in the future, we may be unable to fund the capital outlays required for the success of our business, including those relating to purchasing equipment, growth plans and refinancing existing indebtedness. Risks Related to our Strategic Transactions and Investments 12 Table of Contents Our growth strategies may be unsuccessful if we are unable to identify and complete future acquisitions and successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets. We have historically achieved a significant portion of our growth through acquisitions and we will continue to consider potential acquisitions on a selective basis. From time to time we have also approached, or have been approached by, other public companies or large privately-held companies to explore consolidation opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition opportunities in the future or that we will be able to consummate any such transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us. Acquisitions entail certain risks, including: unrecorded liabilities of acquired companies and unidentified issues with acquired companies or acquired assets that we fail to discover during our due diligence investigations or that are not subject to indemnification or reimbursement by the seller; greater than expected expenses, such as the need to obtain additional debt or equity financing for any transaction; unfavorable accounting treatment and unexpected increases in taxes; adverse effects on our ability to maintain relationships with customers, employees and suppliers; inherent risk associated with entering a geographic area or line of business in which we have no or limited experience; difficulty in assimilating the operations and personnel of an acquired company, or acquired assets, within our existing operations, including the consolidation of corporate and administrative functions; difficulty in integrating marketing, information technology and other systems; difficulty in conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures; difficulty in identifying and eliminating redundant and underperforming operations and assets; loss of key employees of the acquired company; operating inefficiencies that have a negative impact on profitability; impairment of goodwill or other acquisition-related intangible assets; failure to achieve anticipated synergies or receiving an inadequate return of capital; and strains on management and other personnel time and resources to evaluate, negotiate and integrate acquisitions. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with any past or future acquisitions could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions over the timeframe we expect, or at all, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities or harm our existing operations or our business generally. In addition, if we are unable to successfully integrate our acquisitions with our existing business, we may not obtain the advantages that the acquisitions were intended to create, which may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, our ability to introduce new services and products and the market price of our stock. We would expect to pay for any future acquisitions using cash, capital stock, net proceeds from the issuance of notes, borrowings under our credit facilities and/or assumption of indebtedness. To the extent that our existing sources of cash are not sufficient, we would expect to need additional debt or equity financing, which involves its own risks, such as the dilutive effect on shares held by our stockholders if we financed acquisitions by issuing convertible debt or equity securities, or the risks associated with debt incurrence. If we determine that our goodwill has become impaired, we may incur impairment charges, which would negatively impact our operating results. At December 31, 2025, we had $7.1 billion of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet. Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations. We assess potential impairment of our goodwill at least annually. Impairment may result from significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets, negative industry or economic trends and/or significant underperformance relative to historic or projected operating results. For a discussion of our goodwill impairment testing, see Critical Accounting Policies-Evaluation of Goodwill Impairment in Part II, Item 7-Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Risks Related to our Securities Our operating results may fluctuate, which could affect the trading value of our securities. 13 Table of Contents Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter or over the longer term due to a number of factors, which could adversely affect the trading value of our securities. These factors, in addition to general economic conditions and the factors discussed above under Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , include, but are not limited to: the seasonal rental patterns of our customers, with rental activity tending to be lower in the winter; changes in the size of our rental fleet and/or in the rate at which we sell our used equipment; excess fleet in the equipment rental industry; changes in private non-residential construction spending or government funding for infrastructure and other construction projects; changes in demand for, or utilization of, our equipment or in the prices we charge due to changes in economic conditions, including rising inflation, competition or other factors; changes in customer, fleet, geographic and segment mix; commodity price pressures and the resultant increase in the cost of fuel and steel to our equipment suppliers, which can result in increased equipment costs for us; cost increases as a result of inflation; other cost fluctuations, such as costs for employee-related compensation and healthcare benefits; labor shortages and/or disputes, work stoppages or other labor difficulties; potential enactment of new legislation affecting our operations or labor relations; supply chain or other disruptions that impact our ability to obtain equipment and other supplies for our business from our key suppliers on acceptable terms or at all; completion of acquisitions, divestitures or recapitalizations; increases in interest rates or the aggregate principal amount of our outstanding indebtedness, and related increases in our interest expense and our debt service obligations; the possible need, from time to time, to record goodwill impairment charges or other write-offs or charges due to a variety of occurrences, such as the adoption of new accounting standards, the impairment of assets, rental location divestitures, dislocation in the equity and/or credit markets, consolidations or closings, restructurings, the refinancing of existing indebtedness or the buy-out of equipment leases; and currency risks and other risks associated with international operations. Our common stock price has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future. Our common stock price has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future for a number of reasons, including: fluctuations in the results of our operations and general conditions in the economy, our market, and the markets served by our customers; announcements of developments related to our business; market perceptions of any proposed merger or acquisition and the likelihood of our involvement in other merger and acquisition activity; variations in our revenues, gross margins, earnings or other financial results from investors expectations; departure of key personnel; purchases or sales of large blocks of our stock by institutional investors or transactions by insiders; investor perceptions of the equipment rental industry in general and our Company in particular; fluctuations in the prices of oil and natural gas; expectations regarding our share repurchase programs and the amount of share repurchases thereunder; changes in our dividend policy; and the operating and stock performance of comparable companies or related industries. 14 Table of Contents In addition, prices in the stock market have been volatile over the past few years. In certain cases, the fluctuations have been unrelated to the operating performance of the affected companies. As a result, the price of our common stock could fluctuate in the future without regard to our operating performance. Share repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and could diminish our cash reserves. In April 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a $1.5 billion share repurchase program, and repurchases under this program began in April 2025. Subsequent to the enactment of the new federal tax legislation discussed below (see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements) in July 2025, and with consideration of the expected cash flow benefit associated with the legislation, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the size of the current share repurchase program, from $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion. We have completed $1.65 billion of repurchases under the program as of December 31, 2025, and expect to complete the program in the first quarter of 2026. On January 28, 2026, our Board of Directors authorized a new $5.0 billion share repurchase program. The program is expected to commence after completion of the current program, and does not have an established expiration date. We intend to repurchase $1.15 billion under the program in 2026. Repurchases of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase programs could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. The existence of share repurchase programs could cause our stoc