=== CRL_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosed herein for our assessment of certain relevant risk factors. Regulatory Matters As our business operates in many distinct regional environments and in a variety of locations worldwide, we are subject to numerous, and sometimes overlapping, regulatory requirements. The Animal Welfare Act (AWA) governs the care and use of animals used for research in the U.S. other than laboratory rats, mice and fish bred for use in research. As a result, most of our U.S. small animal research model operations are not subject to regulatory oversight. For regulated species, the AWA requires producers and those working with regulated species to provide veterinary care and to follow specific husbandry practices such as cage size, shipping conditions, sanitation and environmental enrichment to ensure the welfare of these animals. Separately, facilities using live vertebrate animals in research funded by the U.S. Public Health Service (PHS) must also adhere to the PHS Policy on Humane Care and Use of Laboratory Animals and follow The Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals approved by the Board of the National Research Council. We comply with licensing and registration requirement standards set by the USDA and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), and similar applicable agencies in other global regions such as Canada, Europe and China for the care, handling and oversight of regulated species. Our DSA and RMS facilities that work with or produce research animals in North America and Europe are accredited, with the exception of new and recently acquired facilities that are in the process of planning for accreditation, by AAALAC International, a private, nonprofit, independent accrediting organization that promotes the humane care and treatment of animals in science and education through voluntary accreditation and assessment programs. Our import and export of animals and our operations in foreign countries are subject to applicable international agreements and conventions, as well as a variety of national, regional and local laws and regulations, which establish the standards for the humane treatment, care, handling and transport of animals by dealers and research facilities. We only use licensed and experienced transporters for importing and exporting animals who are specialists in their field. We comply with global requirements which are evaluated by import and export authorities at each point of exit and entry. Imported animals are quarantined in our quarantine facilities as required by government agencies and tested to ensure they meet both the government mandates and our own specifications for pathogens and health of the animals. 15 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. We conduct non-clinical safety assessment studies to support the submissions for approval or licensing of our clients products throughout the world. Many of these studies must comply with national statutory or regulatory requirements for GLP. GLP regulations describe a quality system for the scientific, operational and quality process and the conditions under which non-clinical studies are planned, performed, monitored, recorded, reported and archived. GLP compliance is required by such regulatory agencies as the FDA, European Medicines Agency, Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Health Products Regulatory Authority in Ireland, Health Canada and other similar monitoring authorities in the countries where we operate. GLP requirements are significantly harmonized throughout the world and our laboratories are capable of conducting studies in compliance with all applicable requirements. Regulatory monitoring authorities such as the FDA, Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency and OECD countries have indicated a continued emphasis on the management of electronic records and signatures generated by computerized systems to ensure data integrity. We have established corporate data integrity governance to manage regulatory requirements and client expectations regarding data quality within our regulated businesses. Although each business has a different impact on patient safety, all are expected to generate and preserve data with integrity. We recognize the importance of generating quality, reliable, sustainable data and have instituted several processes and established a global governance team with oversight responsibilities for our Data Integrity Compliance Plans to ensure we are consistent in our approach. To ensure that we have proper regulatory oversight over our electronic records, a dedicated quality function reviews our computerized system practices, including those related to cloud or AI based systems, to ensure that appropriate record controls are in place and that a robust audit strategy confirms requirements are met for compliance. At a global level, retention of data and controls for electronic systems, proprietary data and quality standards are covered by global policies. We also have controls in place such as quality manuals, policies and procedures, work instructions, document control processes, training, quality assurance and quality control processes and personnel, validated computerized systems and archiving requirements. Within businesses, procedures govern performance of activities to ensure data integrity throughout its life cycle. Our Manufacturing businesses produce FDA regulated endotoxin test kits at an FDA registered facility. We also manufacture sterility and microbial limits test kits used in FDA Regulated pharmaceutical applications, reagents, cell banks used in research and biopharmaceutical production, clinical trial vaccines and vaccine support products as well as an animal-free recombinant cascade reagent (rCR), Endosafe Trillium , which is an alternative to the natural LAL product. Additionally, several of our laboratories conduct biosafety and analytical testing such as identity, stability, sterility and potency and viral clearance testing in support of our clients manufacturing programs and to fulfill their validation requirements and lot release requirements, as applicable. Our comprehensive cell and gene therapy manufacturing services include Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) production of cells from pre-clinical to commercial applications from a variety of starting materials. Many of these activities are subject to regulation and consequently require these businesses to be inspected by the FDA and other national and applicable state regulatory agencies under their respective cGMP regulations. These regulations require that we manufacture products or perform testing in a prescribed manner with respect to cGMP compliance, and maintain records of our manufacturing, testing and control activities. In addition, the specific activities of some of our businesses require us to hold specialized licenses and registrations for the manufacture, distribution and/or marketing of products globally. Our Cell Solutions site provides the starting material ( e.g., leukopak) to customers that are typically in cell and gene therapy companies. Leukopaks are collected from eligible donors in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Donors consent using informed consent forms approved by an external Institutional Review Board (IRB). Collections are performed under the supervision of licensed clinical staff and are managed in accordance with IRB-approved study protocols. All of our sites are subject to registration, licensing and regulation, as appropriate under international treaties and conventions, including national, regional and local laws relating to: the surface and air transportation of chemicals, biological reagents and laboratory specimens; the handling, use, storage and disposal of chemicals (including narcotics and psychotropic drugs), biological reagents, laboratory specimens, hazardous waste and radioactive materials; the procurement, handling, use, storage and disposal of human cells, tissues and cellular and tissue-based products for research and manufacturing purposes; the safety and health of employees and visitors to our facilities; and protection of the environment and general public. Our global regulatory compliance programs are managed by global quality systems, such as vendor supplier programs, enterprise quality management systems and global computer system validation. Within each regulated business, we have 16 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. established Quality Assurance Units (QAUs) responsible for risk based internal audit programs to manage regulatory requirements and client expectations. The QAUs operate independently from those individuals that direct and conduct studies, manufacturing or analytical testing. Our Data Integrity Compliance Program ensures that senior management and the QAU s have proper oversight of our electronic records, inclusive of quality function reviews of our computerized system practices to ensure that appropriate record controls are in place and that a robust audit strategy confirms requirements for compliance. While we expect that capital expenditures will be necessary to ensure that our existing sites remains in compliance with all applicable regulations, at this point we do not expect these expenditures to materially differ than our historical experience. Intellectual Property We develop and implement scientifically-driven products and procedures, including computer software, to maximize the quality and effectiveness of our offerings. Intellectual property rights, in the form of know-how, trade secrets, patents, trademarks, copyrights, and others are important to us and are valuable to our ability to provide significant benefits to our clients. Steps are taken to protect our intellectual property rights and include the execution of confidentiality agreements and securing registrations in relevant jurisdictions. In addition, we license technology from other companies when it enhances our product and services businesses. Licensing has become a larger company-wide initiative, particularly as we increase our focus on innovative technologies that further diversify and enhance our portfolio. Corporate Governance We are committed to operating our business with integrity and accountability. We strive to meet or exceed all of the corporate governance standards established by the NYSE, the SEC and the U.S. Federal government as implemented by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. Nine of the eleven members of our Board of Directors are independent and have no significant financial, business or personal ties to us or management. Our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors are each composed entirely of independent directors. The Board adheres to our Corporate Governance Guidelines and a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that has been communicated to employees and posted on our website. We are diligent in complying with established accounting principles and are committed to providing financial information that is transparent, timely and accurate. We have a Related Person Transactions Policy designed to promote the timely identification of such transactions and to ensure we give appropriate consideration to any real or perceived conflicts in our commercial arrangements. We have an established global process through which employees, either directly or anonymously, can notify management (and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors) of alleged accounting and auditing concerns or violations including fraud. Our internal Disclosure Committee meets regularly and operates pursuant to formal disclosure procedures and guidelines to help ensure that our public disclosures, including our periodic reports filed with the SEC, earnings releases and other written information that we disclose to the investment community are complete, accurate and timely. We continually monitor developments in the law and stock exchange regulations, as well as overall corporate governance trends and intend to adopt new procedures consistent with such developments to the extent applicable to and appropriate for our Company. Copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Related Person Transactions Policy are available on our website at http://ir.criver.com under the Investor Relations - Corporate Governance caption. Information about Our Executive Officers Below are the names, ages and principal occupations of each of our current executive officers. All such persons have been elected to serve until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. James C. Foster , age 75, joined us in 1976 as General Counsel. During his tenure, Mr. Foster has held various staff and managerial positions, and was named Chief Executive Officer and President in 1992 and our Chair in 2000. In January 2026, the Board announced a leadership transition plan. Mr. Foster intends to retire and step down as Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board, effective as of May 5, 2026. Victoria Creamer , age 56, joined us in January 2019 as Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer. In October 2020, Ms. Creamer was promoted to Corporate Executive Vice President. Prior to joining the Company, from 2015 to December 2018, Ms. Creamer served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Communications for ITT, Inc., a manufacturing company, where she was responsible for providing vision, leadership and execution of the company s people and communications strategies. Birgit Girshick , age 56, joined us in 1989 and originally held positions of increasing responsibility in our RMS Germany and Avian Vaccine businesses. In 2004, Ms. Girshick was promoted to General Manager of the Avian Vaccine Services business. She was named Executive Director, RMS Process Improvement in 2009, and Corporate Vice President, Global Biopharmaceutical Services in 2010. In 2013, Ms. Girshick was promoted to Corporate Senior Vice President, Research Models and Biologics Testing Solutions. In 2016, Ms. Girshick was tasked with leading the integration of WIL Research into our then 17 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Safety Assessment business. Also, in 2016, Ms. Girshick assumed the role of Corporate Senior Vice President, Global Discovery Services. In February 2018, Ms. Girshick was appointed Corporate Executive Vice President, Global Discovery and Safety Assessment and in August 2018, additionally took on responsibility for our Biologics Solutions and Avian Vaccine Services business. In November 2021, Ms. Girshick was promoted to Chief Operating Officer of the Company, adding the Research Models and Services, Microbial Solutions and CDMO businesses as well as the Global Information Technologies group to her responsibilities. Since 2023, Ms. Girshick also has general oversight of the Corporate Sales and Marketing team and our Corporate and External Affairs function. In January 2026, the Board announced a leadership transition plan and unanimously appointed Ms. Girshick as the next Chief Executive Officer, concurrent with Mr. Foster s planned retirement in May. Joseph LaPlume , age 52, joined us in 2005 as Senior Corporate Counsel. He became Deputy General Counsel in 2010, Vice President, Corporate Development in 2011, Senior Vice President in 2014 and Corporate Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy in January 2019. In his current role, he oversees all aspects of strategic planning and corporate development activities across business segments and geographies. Prior to joining us, Mr. LaPlume was a corporate lawyer at GTECH Corporation and in private practice at the law firms of Mintz Levin and Goulston Storrs. Mark Mintz , age 52, joined us in February 2021 as Corporate Senior Vice President, Chief Digital Officer, and was promoted to Corporate Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer in June 2021. He was promoted to Corporate Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer Global Shared Services in 2025. Mr. Mintz is responsible for delivering technology and shared functional and operational services that further enhance the Company s abilities to achieve its long-term strategic objectives. Prior to joining Charles River, Mr. Mintz was a founding member of McKinsey Company s digital labs, the firm s technology delivery practice, and a leader of McKinsey s enterprise architecture practice, where he led clients through large-scale digital, agile and technology transformation programs. Mr. Mintz holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration, Finance and MIS from State University of New York at Albany. Shannon Parisotto , age 52, joined us in 2000 in our Nevada operation. Ms. Parisotto progressed through a number of finance management positions of increasing responsibility, and in 2010, was promoted to Corporate Vice President, Preclinical Services, Finance. In this role, Ms. Parisotto was responsible for the financial operations of the global Preclinical Services business. Beginning in 2011, Ms. Parisotto s role was expanded to include additional business segments, and in 2015, she was promoted to the newly created position of Corporate Senior Vice President Controller, Global Operations, where she worked collaboratively with Charles River s business units to develop and implement business strategies. In 2020, Ms. Parisotto was promoted to Corporate Senior Vice President, Global Safety Assessment, where she was responsible for leading the Company s global Safety Assessment organization, and positioning the business for continued, long-term growth and success. In October 2022, Ms. Parisotto was promoted to Corporate Executive Vice President, and assumed the additional oversight of our then Discovery Services business to lead its strategic vision and operational growth, as well as enhance the synergies between the businesses and with clients across the global DSA segment. Ms. Parisotto holds a B.S. in Accounting from the University of Nevada, Reno, an M.B.A. from the University of Phoenix, and is a Certified Public Accountant. Michael Knell , age 49, joined the Company in April 2017 as Corporate Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. In this role, Mr. Knell is responsible for providing strategic guidance to the finance groups, including direction of the Global Accounting, Financial Planning and Analysis, and Tax functions; maintaining the Company's fiscal records; and preparing its financial reports. He also oversees the design and operation of the Company s system of internal controls, ensuring compliance with the rules and regulations of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In October 2025, Mr. Knell was appointed by our Board to act as our interim Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Knell served as the Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance at Bruker Corporation from 2012 to 2017. Mr. Knell was with Ernst Young LLP in its Boston office from 1998 until 2011, where he served in various roles including Partner - Assurance Services. Mr. Knell is a Certified Public Accountant in Massachusetts and holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from the State University of New York at Buffalo. Item 1A. Risk Factors Set forth below, elsewhere in this Form 10-K, and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. We note that factors set forth below, individually or in the aggregate, as well as additional risks and uncertainties either not presently known or that are currently believed to not be material to the business, may cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties and the risks described below should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future documents we file with the SEC. 18 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Risk Factor Summary As noted above, we are subject to a number of risks that if realized could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated herein. Some of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face include those summarized below. The summary below is not exhaustive and is qualified by reference to the full set of risk factors set forth in this "Risk Factors" section. Please carefully consider all of the information in this Form 10-K, including the full set of risks set forth in this "Risk Factors" section, and in our other filings with the SEC before making an investment decision regarding Charles River. Business and Operational Risks We bear financial risk for contracts that may be terminated or reduced in scope, underpriced, subject to cost overruns or delays. Upgrading and integrating our business systems could result in implementation issues and business disruptions. We have in the past experienced and in the future could experience unauthorized access into our information systems. Uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence present new risks and challenges and could adversely affect our business and reputation. If we are not successful in executing our business strategy, including our failure in selecting and integrating the businesses and technologies we acquire, or in managing our current and future site closures and divestitures, our business may be adversely impacted. If we are not successful in realizing cost savings from our restructuring initiatives, our business may be adversely impacted. Our business is subject to risks relating to operating internationally, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our operations might be affected by the occurrence of a natural disaster or other catastrophic event. Negative attention from special interest groups may impair our business. Our review of potential strategic alternatives may not result in an executed or consummated transaction or other strategic alternative, and the process of reviewing strategic alternatives or the outcome could adversely affect our business. Industry Risk Factors Several of our product and service offerings, including our non-human primate supply, are dependent on a limited source of supply that, when interrupted, adversely affects our business. Demand volatility, risk of credit losses, or a reduction or delay in government funding of R D may adversely affect our business. Changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries, including potential healthcare reform, could decrease the need for the services we provide. Contract development and manufacturing services create a risk of liability, including risk that our products will not gain market acceptance and risk of failure to provide quality and timely service to customers. Contaminations in our animal populations can damage our inventory, harm our reputation for contaminant-free production, result in decreased sales and cause us to incur additional costs. The outsourcing trend in non-clinical and clinical stages of drug discovery and development may decrease, which could impair our growth. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. New technologies may be developed, validated and increasingly used in biomedical research, which could reduce demand for some of our products and services. We may not be able to successfully develop and market new services and products. Costs increasing more rapidly than market prices could reduce profitability. Legal and Regulatory Risk Factors Any failure by us to comply with applicable regulations and related guidance could harm our reputation and operating results, and compliance with new regulations and guidance may result in additional costs. 19 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Failure to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws in various jurisdictions could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business. Failure to comply with U.S., state, local or international environmental, health, safety and sustainability laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties and loss of licensure and have a material adverse effect upon the Company s business. Changes in U.S. and International Tax Law, results of tax audits, or material changes in our stock price could have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate and financial results. Non-clinical and clinical contract research services create a risk of liability. The failure to successfully obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property rights and defend against assertions of third parties to intellectual property rights could adversely affect us. Our by-laws designate the state courts located in the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions, which could limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable and may discourage lawsuits with respect to certain claims. We are involved in legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Significant developments or changes in national laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and/or address foreign competition can have an adverse effect on our business and financial statements. Labor and Employment Risk Factors We depend on key personnel and may not be able to retain these employees, which would harm our business. If we are unable to attract, hire or retain key team members or a highly skilled global workforce, it could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We depend on the availability of, and good relations with, our team members. Financial and Accounting Risk Factors Our debt level could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets may adversely impact future results of operations. General Risk Factors Since we do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future, our shareholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in value. Our quarterly operating results may vary, which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock. Increasing focus on environmental, social and governance matters may impact our business, financial results or stock price. Risk Factors Business and Operational Risks We bear financial risk for contracts that may be terminated or reduced in scope, underpriced, subject to cost overruns or delays. Many of our agreements, including those which underlie our strategic relationships with some of our more significant clients, allow for termination or reduction in scope with little or no notice. In addition, we sell our products and services to our competitors, and similarly they sell products and services to us. For instance, we have historically entered into, and currently are party to, contracts with certain of our competitors to distribute specialty research models in locations where our competitors may not have distribution capabilities. Our counterparties (including our clients who are competitors) may elect to terminate their agreements with us for various reasons including: the invocation of force majeure clauses, or the legal doctrines of impossibility or impracticability, or other similar legal doctrines; the products being tested fail to satisfy safety requirements; unexpected or undesired study results; production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested; a client s decision to forego or terminate a particular study; our competitors establishment of alternative distribution channels; dissatisfaction with our performance under the agreement; the loss of funding for the particular research study; or general convenience/counterparty preference. If a counterparty 20 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. terminates a contract with us, we are typically entitled under the terms of the contract to receive revenue earned to date as well as certain other costs and, in some cases, termination fees; however, in many cases we are not entitled to any termination fees in the event of a termination. Cancellation of a large contract or proximate delay, cancellation or conclusion of multiple contracts could materially adversely affect our business and, therefore, may adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, many of our contracts provide for services on a fixed price or fee-for-service with a cap basis and, accordingly, we bear the financial risk if we initially underprice our contracts or otherwise overrun our cost estimates. Such underpricing or significant cost overruns could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Upgrading and integrating our business systems could result in implementation issues and business disruptions. In recent years, we have been updating and consolidating platforms and automating processes in many parts of our business with a variety of systems, including in connection with the integration of acquired businesses. Continued expansion and ongoing implementation of operational systems may occur at a future date based on value to the business. In general, the process of planning and preparing for these types of integrated, wide-scale implementations is extremely complex and we are required to address a number of challenges, including information security assessment and remediation, regulatory requirements, data conversion, associated regulatory compliance, network and system cutover, user training, data residency, high availability, disaster recovery, latency, backups, archiving, cloud offerings, and integration with existing processes or systems. As we build out IT infrastructure to support regulatory requirements for applications and data systems, we are doing so utilizing contemporary validation practices. As with all work conducted in our regulated sites, these too are subject to government inspections. Incongruities in any of these areas could cause operational problems during implementation including inconsistent practices, delayed report and/or data shipments, missed sales, animal management/welfare issues, data loss issues that require re-doing certain studies, personally identifiable information and data privacy issues, billing errors and accounting errors. We have in the past experienced and in the future could experience unauthorized access into our information systems. We operate large and complex information systems that contain significant amounts of client data. As a routine element of our business, we collect, analyze and retain substantial amounts of data pertaining to the non-clinical studies we conduct for our clients. Unauthorized third parties could attempt to gain entry to such information systems to steal data or disrupt the systems or for financial gain. Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, threats and incursions to our data and systems, including malicious software and viruses, phishing, business email compromise and social engineering attacks, network intrusions, or other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. These threats also may be further enhanced in frequency or effectiveness through threat actors use of artificial intelligence technologies, which are becoming more widely adopted and increasingly sophisticated. As of the date of this filing, to our knowledge, we have not experienced a material information security breach or material cybersecurity incident since an event in 2019. While we have implemented additional security safeguards since that event and continue to enhance existing safeguards, such efforts may not be successful, in which case we could suffer significant harm. We are at risk of being targeted, and we have in the past been victim to, business email compromise fraud, which results in payments being made to illegitimate bank accounts. Although these instances have not resulted in our incurring material losses, if similar instances occur in the future, we may incur such losses. We leverage software and hardware solutions from technology and services providers, including software-as-a-service and public cloud infrastructure, who have been subject to cybersecurity incidents in the past and may have incidents or breaches in the future. As of the date of this filing, to our knowledge, no prior cybersecurity incident or breach at a third party has had a material impact on our business. However, future incidents or breaches could cause us to suffer significant harm. Our contracts with our clients typically contain provisions that require us to keep confidential the information generated from the studies we conduct. In the event the confidentiality of such information is compromised, whether by unauthorized access or other breaches, we could be exposed to significant harm, including termination of customer contracts, damage to our customer relationships, damage to our reputation and potential legal claims from customers, employees and other parties. In addition, we may face investigations by government regulators and agencies as a result of a breach. Additionally, the rapid ongoing evolution and increased adoption of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning may make it more difficult to anticipate and implement protective measures to recognize, detect, and prevent the occurrence of any of the cyber events described above. For information regarding our processes and practices related to information and cybersecurity, please see Section 1C of this report, Cybersecurity . Uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence present new risks and challenges and could adversely affect our business and reputation. 21 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. We, along with many businesses in the biopharmaceutical industry, are adopting and exploring the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in our business, and as an emerging and rapidly evolving technology, our use of AI introduces potential opportunities but also presents risks that could adversely affect our operations, information security and reputation. For example, algorithms may be flawed; data sets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information; and inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users could impair results. If the analyses that artificial intelligence-based applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability and brand or reputational harm. Use of AI-based software may also lead to cybersecurity risks or the release of confidential proprietary information, including personal data, which may impact our ability to realize the benefit of our intellectual property or violate our internal policies, data protection laws or contractual requirements. The use of AI-based software may also result in unauthorized access of personal data or the intellectual property of third parties. The legal and regulatory landscape regarding the use of AI is rapidly evolving, including in the areas of intellectual property, cybersecurity, and privacy and data protection. Compliance may impose operational costs and limit our ability to use AI-based software, and failure to comply may result in potential government actions, litigation, fines, penalties or adverse publicity. If we are not successful in selecting and integrating the businesses and technologies we acquire or partner with, or if we do not manage our current and future site closures and divestitures, our business may be adversely impacted. During the last two decades, we have steadily expanded our business through numerous acquisitions and partnerships. However, businesses and technologies may not be available on terms and conditions we find acceptable. We risk spending time and money investigating and negotiating with potential acquisition or alliance partners, but not completing transactions. Acquisitions and alliances involve numerous risks which may include: difficulties in achieving business and financial success (due to unplanned events such as ongoing geopolitical conflicts or economic factors such as fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates, as well as tax regulations); difficulties and expenses incurred in assimilating and integrating operations, services, products, information technology platforms, technologies or pre-existing relationships with our clients, distributors and suppliers; challenges with developing and operating new businesses, including those that are materially different from our existing businesses, which may require the development or acquisition of new internal capabilities and expertise; potential losses resulting from operational weaknesses or undiscovered liabilities of acquired companies that are not covered by the indemnifications we may obtain from sellers or any insurance we may acquire in connection with transactions; loss of key employees; loss of key customers; the presence or absence of adequate internal controls and/or significant fraud in the financial systems of acquired companies; diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; a more expansive regulatory environment; dilution to earnings, or in the event of acquisitions made through the issuance of our common stock to the shareholders of the acquired company, dilution to the percentage of ownership of our existing shareholders; differences in foreign business practices, customs and importation regulations, language and other cultural barriers in connection with the acquisition of foreign companies; new technologies and products may be developed that cause businesses or assets we acquire to become less valuable; and disagreements or disputes with prior owners of an acquired business, technology, service or product that may result in legal settlements, litigation expenses and diversion of our management s attention. Acquisitions or alliances realizing these risks could increase the likelihood of our results of operations being adversely affected. Some of the same risks exist when we decide to close or sell a business, site, product line or service offering. We continually evaluate the performance and strategic fit of our business and the sites in which they operate to determine whether a site closure or divestiture is appropriate. Such actions could involve additional risks, other than those listed above, including: difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products, and personnel, the need to agree to retain or assume certain current or future liabilities in order to complete the divestitures or site closures, as well as write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets and which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies at acceptable prices and terms, and in a timely 22 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. manner. We may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business, site or product line or service offering and, as a result, we may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the divestitures. Failure to execute our business strategy could adversely impact our growth and profitability. Our strategy is to deliver a comprehensive and integrated portfolio of drug discovery and non-clinical development products, services and solutions to support our clients discovery, preclinical, early clinical and early stage scale up and early stage manufacturing efforts, and enable them to bring new and improved therapies to market faster and more cost effectively. As a focus, CRL aims to be the premier provider of products and services that ensure our clients develop, produce and release their products safely. Separately, through our various Manufacturing segment businesses, we aim to be the premier provider of products and services that ensure our clients produce and release their products safely. If we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. Similarly, if we are unable to successfully execute on the Board of Directors comprehensive strategic review and evaluation of Charles River s business and growth prospects, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In recent years, we experienced such a lower-than-expected demand growth in a number of businesses, including the businesses that comprise our DSA reporting segment. To address this issue generally, we typically pursue a number of strategies designed to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets through organic growth and strategic acquisitions and expanding our service offerings. In addition, we have implemented a number of restructuring actions, including to optimize our global operational footprint and reduce staffing levels, and other initiatives to drive operating efficiencies to help offset the lower-than-expected demand growth and protect the operating margin. We may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth or improved profitability of our business. Furthermore, our strategy assumes a certain degree of capital and capacity growth development. Factors such as insufficient capital, inflation, supply chain interruptions, inadequate forecasting, increases in construction material costs, or labor shortages could interfere with the successful execution of our strategy and our ability to timely build infrastructure to satisfy capacity needs and support business growth. For additional discussion of our business strategy, please see the section above entitled Our Strategy. Failure to successfully realize cost savings from our restructuring initiatives would adversely impact our growth and profitability. As discussed in the section above entitled Our Strategy, we are taking decisive action to manage the Company through the current demand environment, including appropriately right-sizing our infrastructure, driving efficiency, and optimizing operations, including through process improvement, procurement synergies, and implementation of a global business services model, with a goal to protect operating margin. We are committed to initiatives to generate more revenue, contain costs, and protect shareholder value through enhanced commercial initiatives, restructuring and efficiency actions to drive cost savings, as well as a balanced approach to capital deployment; these initiatives include reducing staffing levels to align with the pace of demand and site closures. Similarly, we are working to execute the Board of Directors comprehensive strategic review and evaluation of Charles River s business and growth prospects. While we drive these initiatives to result in significant profit opportunities and savings throughout our organization, our estimated profits and savings are based on assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, there can be no assurance that we will realize these profits and cost savings or that, if realized, these profits and cost savings will be sustained. Failure to achieve or delays in achieving projected levels of efficiencies and cost savings from such measures, or unanticipated inefficiencies resulting from manufacturing and administrative reorganization actions in progress or contemplated, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and harm our reputation. Our business is subject to risks relating to operating internationally, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates. A significant part of our revenue is derived from operations outside the U.S. We expect that international revenue will continue to account for a significant percentage of our total revenue for the foreseeable future. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could materially adversely impact our results. Foreign currencies we receive for sales and in which we record expenses outside the U.S. could be subject to unfavorable exchange rates with the U.S. dollar, resulting in a reduction in the amount of revenue and cash flow (and an increase in the amount of expenses) that we recognize and causing fluctuations in reported financial results. We also carry foreign currency exposure associated with differences between where we conduct business. For example, certain contracts are frequently denominated in currencies other than the currency in which we incur expenses related to those contracts. Where expenses are incurred in currencies other than those in which contracts are priced, fluctuations in the relative value of those currencies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 23 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations results from the currency translation exposure associated with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, as well as from the exposure associated with transactions of our subsidiaries that are denominated in a currency other than the respective subsidiary s functional currency. While our financial results are reported in U.S. Dollars, the financial statements of many of our subsidiaries outside the U.S. are prepared using the local currency as the functional currency. During consolidation, these results are translated into U.S. Dollars by applying appropriate exchange rates. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar relative to the local currencies in which our foreign subsidiaries report could cause significant fluctuations in our reported results. Moreover, as exchange rates vary, revenue and other operating results may differ materially from our expectations. Adjustments resulting from financial statement translations are included as a separate component of shareholders equity. Other risks associated with our international business include: general economic and political conditions in the markets in which we operate; potentially negative consequences from changes in U.S. and/or foreign laws, including changes that may bar us from engaging in business transactions with certain clients, and changes in tax laws, or interpretations and enforcement thereof, notably tax regulations issued and to-be-issued with respect to the potential adoption of global minimum taxation requirements and potential changes to existing tax law by the current U.S. Presidential administration and Congress; ongoing uncertainties as a result of instability or changes in geopolitical conditions, including terrorist acts or military or political conflicts, such as those caused by the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine or Israel and Hamas (the potential escalation or geographic expansion of which could heighten other risks identified in this report); exchange controls, adverse tax consequences and legal restrictions on the repatriation of funds into the U.S.; difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations, including risks of work stoppages and/or strikes, as well as violations of local laws or anti-bribery laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act and the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; the difficulties of compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations; unfavorable labor regulations in foreign jurisdictions; changes in trade relationships, including new tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, trade embargoes and sanctions, and other trade barriers; longer accounts receivable cycles in certain foreign countries; potentially reduced protection of our intellectual property rights in certain foreign countries; and compliance with export controls, import requirements and other trade regulations, including those relating to certain products of which there is limited supply. These risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, as mentioned above, we are subject to compliance with the FCPA, which prohibits companies and their third-party intermediaries from offering or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Likewise, we are also subject to other international anti-bribery laws such as the UK Bribery Act which prohibit companies and their third-party intermediaries from offering or making improper payments to commercial parties. While our employees and third-party intermediaries are required to comply with these laws, we cannot be sure that our internal policies and procedures will always protect us from violations of these laws despite our commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics. The occurrence or allegation of these types of risks may adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations might be affected by the occurrence of a natural disaster or other catastrophic event. We depend on our customers continued demand and solvency at our facilities for the continued operation of our business. While we maintain disaster recovery plans, they might not adequately protect us. Despite any precautions we take for natural disasters or other catastrophic events, these events, including terrorist attack, a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of a disease, geopolitical conflict, information system disruption, hurricanes, tornadoes, fire, wildfire, floods and ice and snow storms, could result in damage to and closure of our or our customers facilities, our suppliers facilities, or the infrastructure on which such facilities rely. Such disruptions could include significant delays in the shipments of our products, reduce our capacity to provide services, adversely impact unique manufacturing capabilities, result in our customers inability to pay for our products or 24 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. services and, ultimately, result in the loss of revenue and clients. Although we carry business interruption insurance and typically have provisions in our contracts that protect us in certain events, our coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. Any natural disaster or catastrophic event affecting us, our customers, or our suppliers, could have a significant negative impact on our operations and financial performance. Negative attention from special interest groups may impair our business. The products and services that we provide our clients are essential to the drug discovery, development and manufacturing processes, and a significant amount are mandated by law. Notwithstanding, certain special interest groups categorically object to the use of animals for valid research purposes. Historically, our core research model activities with rats, mice and other rodents have not been the subject of significant animal rights media attention. However, research activities involving animal models have been the subject of adverse attention, including shareholder proposals and attempts to disrupt carriers from transporting large research models and actions aimed at preventing expansion of operations. This has included periodic demonstrations near facilities operated by us and at our annual meetings, as well as shareholder proposals we received for some of our past Annual Meetings of Shareholders. In addition, these groups have on occasion petitioned to have certain species of research models (specifically NHPs) declared endangered by governmental and non-governmental organizations and have advocated for the governing bodies to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora to restrict the exportation of certain NHP species from specific countries. Furthermore, the habitat of certain animals used for research purposes may be located in or near certain environmentally protected areas or conservation areas. Activities conducted by us or any of our agents within these areas may be legally challenged and result in similar negative attention and action from environmental protection activists, including advocacy for the expansion of environmental restrictions applicable to such areas. Any negative attention, threats, acts of vandalism or legal action directed against our animal research or procurement activities (including species of research models), or our third-party service providers, such as our airline carriers or suppliers, or that restrict our or their ability to access protected or conservation areas, could impair our ability to operate our business efficiently. Our review of potential strategic alternatives may not result in an executed or consummated transaction or other strategic alternative, and the process of reviewing strategic alternatives or the outcome could adversely affect our business. On May 6, 2025, in connection with a Cooperation Agreement entered into with a large shareholder of the Company, we agreed, among other things, to have the Strategic Planning and Capital Allocation Committee of our Board of Directors oversee and direct a comprehensive strategic review and evaluation of the Company s business and prospects, including an examination of various alternatives to enhance long-term stockholder value. On November 5, 2025, the Company announced that, as part of our Board of Directors comprehensive strategic review of our business and growth prospects, we will focus on strategic initiatives to strengthen our leading scientific portfolio within our core markets through strategic acquisitions, partnerships, and internal investments; divest certain non-core assets; maximize our financial performance, including by implementing additional initiatives aimed at driving greater operating efficiency, which are expected to generate incremental net cost savings; and maintain a disciplined approach to capital deployment through regularly evaluating the optimal balance between strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, debt repayment, and other uses of capital. There is no assurance that the process will result in the approval or completion of any specific transaction or outcome. Further, there is no guarantee that any transaction resulting from the strategic review will ultimately benefit our stockholders. The process of reviewing potential strategic and operational alternatives is time consuming and costly and may divert management s attention. It may also be disruptive to our business operations and long-term planning, which may cause concern to our current or potential investors, customers, employees, strategic partners, vendors and other stakeholders and may have a material impact on our operating results or result in increased volatility in our stock price. Any potential transaction or other strategic alternative, including, without limitation the acquisitions of the assets of K.F. (Cambodia) Ltd. and Pathoquest SAS, would be dependent on a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other things, market conditions, industry trends, regulatory approvals, and the availability of financing for a potential transaction on favorable terms. There can be no assurance that any potential transaction or other strategic alternative will be successfully implemented, achieve the intended benefits or provide greater value to our stockholders than that reflected in the current price of our common stock. Until the review process is concluded, perceived uncertainties related to our future may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, volatility in the market price of our common stock and difficulty attracting and retaining qualified talent and business partners. Industry Risk Factors Several of our product and service offerings, including our non-human primate supply, are dependent on a limited source of supply that, when interrupted, adversely affects our business. We depend on a limited international source of supply for certain products, such as large research models, including NHPs. Disruptions to their continued supply from time to time arise from colony health problems (including as a result of the spread of diseases), export or import laws/restrictions or embargoes, tariffs, inflation, international trade regulations, foreign government 25 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. or economic instability, severe weather conditions, increased competition among suppliers for models, disruptions to the air travel system, activist campaigns, commercial disputes, supplier insolvency, geopolitical disputes, or other ordinary course or unanticipated events. Any disruption of supply could materially harm our business if we cannot remove the disruption or are unable to secure an alternative or secondary supply source on comparable commercial terms. As with other industry participants, certain of our activities rely on a sufficient supply of large research models, which has seen increasing demand as compared to supply in recent years due to a variety of factors. First, the surge of research relating to COVID-19 increased short-term demand. Second, China previously supplied a significant portion of certain critical large research models, which have been subject to geographic export restrictions applicable to many animal species since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. And third, in concert with legal matters affecting the Cambodian supply of non-human primates, the non-human primate supply chain globally has recently experienced constriction. More broadly, legal matters and investigations may have ancillary impacts that impair supply chain access. For example, in November 2022 the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) announced that a Cambodia supplier of non-human primates and two Cambodian officials had been criminally charged in connection with illegally importing non-human primates into the United States, which led to an effective cessation of imports from Cambodia to the United States for a period of time. Specific to the Company, in 2023, in connection with a now closed investigation by the DOJ and USFWS into the Company s conduct regarding several shipments of non-human primates from Cambodia, the Company announced it was voluntarily suspending planned future shipments of Cambodia non-human primates into the United States until such time that the Company and USFWS could agree upon and implement additional procedures to reasonably ensure that non-human primates imported to the United States from Cambodia are purpose-bred. In November 2025, the Company received USFWS CITES clearance to import Cambodian NHPs into the United States, and has resumed such activity. While we continue to take steps to find alternative supply channels (and other global sources) and lock in supply (both for non-human primates and with respect to other limited supply products) with preferred sources through multi-year and/or minimum commitment contracts as well as through acquisitions of suppliers, there are limited sources and such mitigating efforts may not prove successful at ensuring a steady and timely supply or may require (and in the past have required) us to pay significantly higher prices for such products during periods of global shortage or restrictions on the importation or the transportation of models products. Limited global supply or regional restrictions on importation, exportation, and/or transportation for certain products may require us to source products from non-preferred vendors, which may not be successful. In addition, reductions in global air transportation routes may result in sourcing alternative transportation at an increased cost. We also may be unable to obtain supply due to governmental restrictions or limitations, including (as noted above) non-human primates, such as prohibitions on the importation, exportation and/or transportation of non-human primates from certain geographies entirely. Finally, from time to time, special interest groups may attempt to list certain large research models, including certain categories of NHPs, as endangered under the Endangered Species Act in the United States or similar statutes in other countries. In the event that certain NHPs are classified as endangered, our business could be negatively impacted. An inability to obtain a sufficient and timely supply of critical products could adversely affect our business, financial results and results of operations. Portions of our Cell Solutions business depends on the availability of appropriate donors. Regulations intended to control infectious disease or requirements in cell therapy manufacturing processes could also result in a decreased pool of potential donors or integrity of inventory. Due to any pandemic, epidemic or outbreak in one or more regions in which our Cell Solutions business operates, the portion of the donor pool that typically donates may be unable, or unwilling to donate, thereby significantly reducing the availability of research products upon which we rely. In addition, healthcare concerns among the public may result in a decline in donations. If donor participation declines, we may not be able to reduce costs, which in turn may negatively impact the operating margin of the Cell Solutions business. Our CDMO services establish us as a premier scientific partner for cell and gene therapy development, testing, and manufacturing; enable us to provide clients with an integrated solution from analytical and process development through cGMP production; enable us to drive efficiency and accelerate clients speed-to-market by integrating manufacturing and the required testing; and enable our clients to seamlessly conduct analytical testing, process development, and manufacturing for advanced modalities with the same scientific partner. Furthermore, our CDMO operations require various raw materials supplied primarily by third parties. We or our customers specify the raw materials and other items required to manufacture the applicable product and, in some cases, the customers specify the suppliers from whom we must purchase these raw materials. In certain instances, the raw materials and other items may only be supplied by a limited number of suppliers or in limited quantities. If third-party suppliers do not supply raw materials or other items on a timely basis, it may cause a manufacturing run to be delayed or canceled which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, in general, third-party suppliers may fail to provide us with raw materials and other items that meet the qualifications and specifications required by us or our customers. If third-party suppliers are not able to provide us with raw materials that meet our or our customers specifications on a timely basis, we may be unable to manufacture the product for our clients or it could prevent us from delivering products to our customers within required time frames. Any such delay in delivering products to our clients may create liability for us to our customers for breach of contract or cause us to experience 26 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. order cancellations and loss of customers. In the event that we manufacture products with components or raw materials that do not meet our qualifications and specifications or those of our customers or governmental or regulatory authorities, we may become subject to product liability claims caused by defective raw materials or components from a third-party supplier or from a customer. Demand volatility and risk of credit losses from clients may adversely affect our business. Our business could be adversely affected by any significant decrease in drug R D expenditures by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as by academic institutions, government laboratories or private foundations. Similarly, economic factors and industry trends that affect our clients in these industries also affect their R D budgets and, consequentially, our business as well. Our clients include researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our ability to continue to grow and win new business is dependent in large part upon the ability and willingness of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries to continue to invest in discovery in the non-clinical phases of R D (and in particular discovery and safety assessment) and to outsource the products and services we provide. Furthermore, our clients (particularly larger biopharmaceutical companies) continue to search for ways to maximize the return on their investments with a focus on lowering R D costs per drug candidate. Fluctuations in the expenditure amounts in each phase of the R D budgets of these researchers and their organizations could have a significant effect on the demand for our products and services. R D budgets fluctuate due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities (including available resources of our biotechnology clients, particularly those that are cash-negative, who may be highly focused on rationing their liquid assets in a challenging funding environment), general economic conditions, institutional budgetary policies and the impact of government regulations, including potential drug pricing legislation. Available funding for biotechnology clients in particular may be affected by the capital markets, investment objectives of venture capital investors and priorities of biopharmaceutical industry sponsors. Certain provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act passed in 2022 impact the U.S. federal income taxation of corporations. This may impact the profitability for our clients. Reduced profitability for our clients could in turn negatively impact the overall demand environment for our services from those clients. Additionally, our business is exposed to the risk of credit losses, which arises from our extension of credit to clients. The collectability of accounts receivable may be adversely affected by various factors, including economic downturns, changes in clients financial conditions, and industry-specific challenges. A deterioration in the creditworthiness of our clients could result in the need to establish or increase our allowance for credit losses. We regularly assess the creditworthiness of our clients, establish credit limits, and monitor payment patterns. However, our ability to manage credit risk and maintain an adequate allowance for credit losses may be impacted by factors beyond our control, such as unforeseen economic conditions or significant shifts in client payment behavior. Additionally, changes in global or regional economic conditions may affect the overall credit environment and impact our clients ability to fulfill their payment obligations. For additional discussion of the factors that we believe have recently been influencing R D budgets at our clients, please see the sections entitled Our Strategy and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Additionally, we have businesses that depend on our supply of large research models to clients. Sudden or unexpected changes in demand, market conditions, or the regulatory environment for these models could have an adverse impact on our profitability. Increasing demand could harm relationships with clients if we are unable to alter production capacity, or purchase products from other suppliers, to fill orders adequately. Decreased demand could result in inventory surpluses, which could also significantly impact our results and operations. In particular, if the price of non-human primates increases significantly, or if we are unable to transport the non-human primates in our possession to our clients because of governmental restrictions or limitations, our business may be materially adversely affected. In addition, overall supply constraints with respect to large research models has led to an extremely dynamic pricing environment for non-human primates, which has, and could continue to, make it difficult to predict results, lead to reduced volumes, and require us to adjust operations. We also operate businesses which depend upon the regulatory approval of the products they manufacture for their CDMO clients. As such, if these clients experience a suspension, delay in, or failure to receive, approval for any of their product candidates or fail to maintain regulatory approval of their products that we develop or manufacture, our revenue and profitability could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve of our facilities for the manufacture of a client product, observes significant deficiencies or violations at its facilities or withdraws such approval in the future, our clients may choose to identify alternative manufacturing facilities and/or relationships, which could significantly impact our CDMO capacity and capabilities and results of operations therefrom and could have a negative impact on our reputation and financial results. 27 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. A reduction or delay in government funding of R D may adversely affect our business. A portion of revenue, predominantly in our RMS segment, is derived from clients at academic institutions and basic research laboratories whose funding is partially dependent on both the level and timing of funding from government sources such as the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH) and similar domestic and international agencies, which can be difficult to forecast. We also sell directly to the NIH and these other agencies. Government funding of R D is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. For example, the NIH announced on February 7, 2025, a policy significantly reducing research grants by limiting payments for indirect overhead. This policy was subject to an injunction at the district court and appellate court levels. However, in August 2025, the United States Supreme Court ruled that the lower courts did not have jurisdiction to reinstate the grant funding, allowing nearly $800 million in federal grants to be terminated. Our revenue may be adversely affected if our clients delay purchases as a result of uncertainties surrounding the approval of government budget proposals, included reduced allocations to government agencies that fund R D activities. Government proposals to reduce or eliminate budgetary deficits have sometimes included reduced allocations to the NIH and other government agencies that fund R D activities, or NIH funding may not be directed towards projects and studies that require the use of our products and services, both of which could adversely affect our business and our financial results. Changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries, including potential healthcare reform, could decrease the need for the services we provide. Governmental agencies throughout the world strictly regulate the drug development process. Our business involves helping our customers navigate these regulatory processes. Accordingly, many regulations, and often new regulations, are expected to result in higher regulatory standards and often additional revenues for companies that service these industries. Some changes in regulations, including the relaxation of certain requirements or the use of streamlined or expedited approval procedures, may reduce the scope of preclinical testing needed. Other changes that increase regulatory obligations or affect the competitiveness of our services may lessen the demand for certain offerings. For example, in December 2022, the FDA Modernization Act 2.0 was passed, which clarified the methods manufacturers and sponsors may use to investigate the safety and efficacy of a drug. In April 2025, the FDA announced its intention to expand the use of scientifically supported cell-based approaches and other new approach methodologies (NAMs), such as organ-on-chip systems, computational modeling, and advanced in vitro assays, in preclinical safety studies; in October 2025, the FDA announced its intention to streamline the approval process for biosimilar drug development and indicated further announcements related to reducing animal testing requirements may be forthcoming; and in November 2025, the U.K. government announced a roadmap to phasing out animal testing in favor of alternative methods. Eliminating the use of animals in research may have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. While there have been significant advancements in the development of alternative methods, the complete elimination of animals in research will be a gradual process that may take many years to achieve. While we are committed to working with the industry to support development and to provide the best translational models to supplement or replace traditional models as part of our Replacement, Reduction, and Refinement (3Rs) initiative, the use of animals in research is highly regulated and proposed changes to current regulations will need to be carefully evaluated to ensure that they do not compromise the safety and efficacy of new drugs and medical treatments. Although we believe we are currently in compliance in all material respects with applicable national, regional and local laws, as well as other accepted guidance used by oversight bodies (including the USDA, the standards set by the International Air Transport Association, the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, USFWS, The Centers for Disease Control, the Department of Transportation, the Department of State, the office of Laboratory Animal Welfare of NIH, the Drug Enforcement Agency, as well as numerous other oversight agencies in the jurisdictions in which we operate), failure to comply could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, fines, criminal penalties and other enforcement actions. For additional discussion of the factors specifically affecting our non-human primates including related oversight trade compliance agencies, please see the sections entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors Industry Risk Factors - Several of our product and service offerings, including our non-human primate supply, are dependent on a limited source of supply that, when interrupted, adversely affects our business , and Item 3. Legal Proceedings included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. In addition, if regulatory authorities were to mandate a significant reduction in safety assessment procedures that utilize research animals (as has been advocated by certain groups), certain segments of our business could be materially adversely affected. Implementation of healthcare reform legislation, including certain provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act, may offer some benefits, but may also introduce costs or changes that affect the potential financial returns associated with developing new drugs. This could adversely affect R D expenditures by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, which could in turn decrease the business opportunities available to us both in the U.S. and abroad. In addition, new laws or regulations may create a risk of liability, increase our costs or limit our service offerings. Furthermore, if health insurers were to change their practices with respect to reimbursements for pharmaceutical products, our clients may spend less or reduce their growth in spending on R D. 28 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. While it is not possible to predict whether and when any such changes will occur, updates at the local, state or federal level, or to laws and regulations in foreign jurisdictions where we operate or maintain business relationships, may materially affect our domestic and/or international operations. Furthermore, modifications to international trade policy, public company reporting requirements, environmental regulation and antitrust enforcement may have a materially adverse impact on us, our suppliers or our clients. Our Biologics Solutions business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if the products we manufacture and/or test for our customers do not gain market acceptance. If the products we manufacture for our customers do not gain market acceptance or production volumes of key products that we manufacture for our customers decline, the financial condition and results of our operations may be adversely affected. For our CDMO services, we will depend on, and have no control over, market acceptance for the products that we will manufacture for our customers. Consumer demand for these products could be adversely affected by, among other things, delays in securing regulatory approvals, the emergence of competing or alternative products, including generic drugs, the emergence of new safety data for such products, the loss of patent and other intellectual property rights protection, reductions in private and government payment product subsidies or changing product marketing strategies. CDMO services are highly complex and failure to provide quality and timely services to our CDMO customers, could adversely impact our business. The CDMO services we offer can be highly complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements and the inherent technical complexity of the services provided. A failure of the quality control or related systems and processes in our facilities could cause problems in connection with facility operations for a variety of reasons, including with respect to equipment malfunction, microbial or other contamination, compliance with specific manufacturing instructions, compliance with protocols and standard operating procedures, issues with raw materials, and issues with product testing. Such issues could affect the production of a single manufacturing run, multiple runs, or entire manufacturing campaigns, potentially requiring the destruction of products and cessation of manufacturing operations. In addition, any failure to meet required quality and regulatory standards may result in our failure to timely deliver products to our customers which, in turn, could damage our reputation for quality and service. Similarly, if the FDA or other regulators develop concerns over regulatory compliance in connection with our manufacturing activities of clinical trial products, including with respect to the safety of a product, such authorities can delay or suspend a client s clinical trial by placing it on a full or partial "clinical hold" pending receipt of additional data to satisfy such concerns. A clinical hold on a client s trial may require us to spend significant resources to address the underlying causes of the client s clinical hold. In addition, if we are not able to successfully address such underlying causes or our response is not deemed adequate to lift the client s clinical hold, the clinical program may have to be terminated. The same or similar regulatory issues can occur in connection with the manufacture of commercial products in the event of compliance concerns, whereby FDA or other regulators may prevent the distribution of products manufactured at our facilities and require corrective actions to address such concerns, which can be substantial and time consuming. In the event of material compliance issues, FDA or other regulators may also refuse to approve our clients applications to market products manufactured at our facilities, which may also adversely affect our business. In January 2025, a CDMO client disclosed that, as a result of observations made during pre-license inspections at a Company facility, (1) one biologics license application for a specific therapeutic treatment had received a complete response letter from the FDA, and (2) the FDA had placed clinical holds on that client s Investigational New Drug applications. In addition, subsequently the FDA conducted an inspection at the same Company facility resulting in the Company receiving a Form FDA 483 Notice of Inspectional Observations. In October 2025, a successful pre-license inspection was performed and we are closely partnered with this client through the remaining steps of their biologics license resubmission. In addition, we are, from time to time, subject to commercial disputes and legal actions from CDMO customers with respect to the products and services we provide. These types of events, including manufacturing disruptions, delays in clients clinical programs, commercial disputes, legal actions, and/or failures to obtain marketing approvals may adversely affect our business and/or results of operations. Contaminations in our animal populations can damage our inventory, harm our reputation for contaminant-free production, result in decreased sales and cause us to incur additional costs. Both small and large research models must be free of certain infectious agents, such as select viruses, parasites, and bacteria, because the presence of these contaminants can distort or compromise the quality of research results and/or could adversely impact human or animal health. The presence of these infectious agents in our animal production facilities and certain service operations could impact the quality of our contaminant-free research model as well as our animal services businesses, including GEMS, harm our reputation for contaminant-free production and result in decreased sales. There also exists a risk that contaminations from models that we produce may affect our client s facilities, requiring our support to resolve the impact. In some cases, we may produce or import animals carrying infectious agents capable of causing disease in humans; and in the case of such a contamination or undiagnosed infection, there could be a possible risk of human exposure and infection and liability for damages to infected persons. 29 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. When considering our large research models, while some of these models are owned by us and maintained at our facilities, others are reserved for us and maintained at sites operated by the original provider. Accordingly, risk of contamination may be outside of our control, and we depend on the practices and protocols of third parties to ensure a contamination-free environment. A contamination may require extended CDC or CFIA quarantine with subsequent reduced sales as a result of lost client orders, as well as the potential for complete inventory loss and disinfection of the affected quarantine rooms. Furthermore, while we often negotiate for contractual risk indemnification, the third party may refuse to fulfill its indemnification obligation or may be unable to as a result of insolvency or other impediments. Contaminations are unanticipated and difficult to predict and could adversely impact our financial results. If they occur, contaminations typically require cleaning up, renovating, disinfecting, retesting and restarting production or services. Such contaminations result in inventory loss, clean-up and start-up costs, and reduced sales as a result of lost client orders and potentially credits for prior shipments. In addition to microbiological contaminations, the potential for genetic contaminations also exists and may require us to restart the applicable animal colonies, and would result in inventory loss, additional start-up costs and possibly reduced sales. Contaminations also expose us to risks that clients will request compensation for damages in excess of our contractual indemnification requirements. A contamination event could also have a negative impact on our reputation and financial results. Further, many of our operations are comprised of complex mechanical systems that are subject to periodic failure, including aging fatigue. Such failures are unpredictable, and while we have made significant capital expenditures designed to create redundancy within these mechanical systems, strengthen our biosecurity, improve our operating procedures to protect against such contaminations, and replace impaired systems and equipment in advance of such events, failures and/or contaminations may still occur. The outsourcing trend in non-clinical and clinical stages of drug discovery and development may decrease, which could impair our growth. Over the past decade, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have generally increased their outsourcing of non-clinical and clinical research support activities, such as drug discovery, safety assessment and clinical trial support. While many industry analysts expect the outsourcing trend to continue to increase for the next several years (although with different growth rates for different phases of drug discovery and development), decreases in such outsourcing may result in a diminished growth rate in the sales of any one or more of our service lines and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For additional discussion of the factors that we believe have recently influenced outsourcing demand from our clients, please see the section entitled Our Strategy above. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete for business with other non-clinical drug development partners and blood product and therapeutic services companies, other CDMOs, as well as internal discovery and development departments within our larger clients, who may have greater resources than ours. We also compete with universities and teaching hospitals for outsourced services. We compete on a variety of factors, including: reputation for on-time quality performance; reputation for regulatory compliance; reputation for responsive client service and support; expertise and experience in multiple specialized areas; scope and breadth of service and product offerings across the drug discovery and development spectrum; scope and breadth of service and product offerings across the manufacturing support spectrum; ability to provide flexible and customized solutions to support our clients drug discovery, non-clinical development, and manufacturing support needs; broad geographic availability (with consistent quality); price/value, spend and flexibility; technological and scientific expertise and efficient drug development processes; quality of facilities; financial stability; size; 30 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. ability to acquire, process, analyze and report data in an accurate manner; ability to place orders through eCommerce channels; and accessibility of client data through secure portals. If we do not compete successfully, our business will suffer. Increased competition might lead to price and other concessions that could adversely affect our operating results. Moreover, additional competition may emerge, particularly in lower-cost jurisdictions such as India and China, which could, among other things, result in a decrease in the fees paid for our services, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The drug discovery and development services industry has continued to see a trend towards consolidation, particularly among the biotechnology companies, which are targets for each other and for large pharmaceutical companies. If this trend continues, it is likely to produce more competition among the larger companies, with respect to both clients and acquisition candidates. In addition, small, specialized entities considering entering the industries will continue to find lower barriers to entry, and private equity firms may determine that there are opportunities to acquire and consolidate these companies, thus further increasing possible competition. Our competition in the CDMO market includes full-service contract manufacturers and large pharmaceutical companies offering third-party manufacturing services to fill their excess capacity. Also, large pharmaceutical companies have been seeking to divest portions of their manufacturing capacity, and any such divested businesses may compete with us in the future. Furthermore, many of our CDMO competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing, technical or other resources than we do. More generally, our competitors or others might develop technologies, services or products that are more effective or commercially attractive than our current or future technologies, services or products, or that render our technologies, services or products less competitive or obsolete. If competitors introduce superior technologies, services or products and we cannot make enhancements to ours to remain competitive, our competitive position, and in turn our business, revenue and financial condition, would be materially and adversely affected. In the aggregate, these competitive pressures may affect the attractiveness of our technologies, services or products and could adversely affect our financial results. New technologies may be developed, validated and increasingly used in biomedical research, which could reduce demand for some of our products and services. The scientific community continues to develop NAMs, which do not involve working with animal models and are designed to increase the translation from findings in early-stage discovery and pre-clinical studies to human studies, and vice-versa. As these methods continue to advance, they may supplement, and in some cases possibly replace or supplant methodologies that are currently in use, such as the use of traditional living animals in biomedical research. For example, in April 2025, the FDA announced its intention to reduce animal testing in preclinical safety studies with NAMs, such as organ-on-a-chip systems, computational modeling, and advanced in vitro assays; in October 2025, the FDA announced its intention to streamline the approval process for biosimilar drug development and indicated further announcements related to reducing animal testing requirements may be forthcoming; and in November 2025, the U.K. government announced a roadmap to phasing out animal testing in favor of alternative methods. In addition, technological improvements, such as imaging and other translational biomarker technologies, could impact demand for animal research models. Further, manufacturers, including Charles River, have recently introduced recombinant versions of LAL, which has been historically derived from live animals. It is our strategy to explore new technologies to refine and potentially reduce the use of animal models and animal derived products as new in vitro and in silico methods become available and synthetically-manufactured products become validated with sufficient data to ensure public safety. For information regarding our efforts to support development and to provide the best translational models to supplement or replace traditional models, see Our Strategy included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. However, we may not be able to develop new products, inputs or processes effectively or in a timely manner to replace any lost sales. Lastly, other companies or entities may develop research models, inputs or processes with characteristics different from those that we produce, and that may be viewed as more desirable by some of our clients. We may not be able to successfully develop and market new services and products. We continue to seek opportunities to develop and market new services and products that complement or expand our existing business or service offerings. We believe our ability to innovate through internal research and development efforts and license or acquire new technologies from third parties are both critical to our ability to continue to meet the needs of our clients. Our ability to gain access to such technologies depends, in part, on our ability to convince innovators that we can successfully develop and commercialize their inventions. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to identify new technologies of interest to our clients. Even if we are able to identify these opportunities, negotiating license agreements on commercially acceptable terms may prove difficult. In addition, our ongoing internal research and development efforts may not always yield offerings that meet client demand. If we are unable to develop new services and products and/or create demand for those newly developed services and products, our future business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 31 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Costs increasing more rapidly than market prices in certain of our businesses could reduce profitability. The cost of collecting, processing and testing products has risen significantly in recent years and will likely continue to increase given stringency of demands on raw materials. These cost increases are related to new and improved testing procedures, increased regulatory requirements, and higher staff and supply costs, including labor inflation. Competition and fixed price contracts may limit our ability to maintain existing operating margins. Some competitors have greater resources than us to sustain periods of marginally profitable or unprofitable sales. Costs increa