=== CRL_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors – Industry Risk Factors - Several of our product and service offerings, including our non-human primate supply, are dependent on a limited source of supply that, when interrupted, adversely affects our business”, and “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. In addition, if regulatory authorities were to mandate a significant reduction in safety assessment procedures that utilize research animals (as has been advocated by certain groups), certain segments of our business could be materially adversely affected. Implementation of healthcare reform legislation, including certain provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act, may offer some benefits, but may also introduce costs or changes that affect the potential financial returns associated with developing new drugs. This could adversely affect R&D expenditures by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, which could in turn decrease the business opportunities available to us both in the U.S. and abroad. In addition, new laws or regulations may create a risk of liability, increase our costs or limit our service offerings. Furthermore, if health insurers were to change their practices with respect to reimbursements for pharmaceutical products, our clients may spend less or reduce their growth in spending on R&D. 28 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. While it is not possible to predict whether and when any such changes will occur, updates at the local, state or federal level, or to laws and regulations in foreign jurisdictions where we operate or maintain business relationships, may materially affect our domestic and/or international operations. Furthermore, modifications to international trade policy, public company reporting requirements, environmental regulation and antitrust enforcement may have a materially adverse impact on us, our suppliers or our clients. Our Biologics Solutions business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if the products we manufacture and/or test for our customers do not gain market acceptance. If the products we manufacture for our customers do not gain market acceptance or production volumes of key products that we manufacture for our customers decline, the financial condition and results of our operations may be adversely affected. For our CDMO services, we will depend on, and have no control over, market acceptance for the products that we will manufacture for our customers. Consumer demand for these products could be adversely affected by, among other things, delays in securing regulatory approvals, the emergence of competing or alternative products, including generic drugs, the emergence of new safety data for such products, the loss of patent and other intellectual property rights protection, reductions in private and government payment product subsidies or changing product marketing strategies. CDMO services are highly complex and failure to provide quality and timely services to our CDMO customers, could adversely impact our business. The CDMO services we offer can be highly complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements and the inherent technical complexity of the services provided. A failure of the quality control or related systems and processes in our facilities could cause problems in connection with facility operations for a variety of reasons, including with respect to equipment malfunction, microbial or other contamination, compliance with specific manufacturing instructions, compliance with protocols and standard operating procedures, issues with raw materials, and issues with product testing. Such issues could affect the production of a single manufacturing run, multiple runs, or entire manufacturing campaigns, potentially requiring the destruction of products and cessation of manufacturing operations. In addition, any failure to meet required quality and regulatory standards may result in our failure to timely deliver products to our customers which, in turn, could damage our reputation for quality and service. Similarly, if the FDA or other regulators develop concerns over regulatory compliance in connection with our manufacturing activities of clinical trial products, including with respect to the safety of a product, such authorities can delay or suspend a client’s clinical trial by placing it on a full or partial "clinical hold" pending receipt of additional data to satisfy such concerns. A clinical hold on a client’s trial may require us to spend significant resources to address the underlying causes of the client’s clinical hold. In addition, if we are not able to successfully address such underlying causes or our response is not deemed adequate to lift the client’s clinical hold, the clinical program may have to be terminated. The same or similar regulatory issues can occur in connection with the manufacture of commercial products in the event of compliance concerns, whereby FDA or other regulators may prevent the distribution of products manufactured at our facilities and require corrective actions to address such concerns, which can be substantial and time consuming. In the event of material compliance issues, FDA or other regulators may also refuse to approve our clients’ applications to market products manufactured at our facilities, which may also adversely affect our business. In January 2025, a CDMO client disclosed that, as a result of observations made during pre-license inspections at a Company facility, (1) one biologics license application for a specific therapeutic treatment had received a complete response letter from the FDA, and (2) the FDA had placed clinical holds on that client’s Investigational New Drug applications. In addition, subsequently the FDA conducted an inspection at the same Company facility resulting in the Company receiving a Form FDA 483 Notice of Inspectional Observations. In October 2025, a successful pre-license inspection was performed and we are closely partnered with this client through the remaining steps of their biologics license resubmission. In addition, we are, from time to time, subject to commercial disputes and legal actions from CDMO customers with respect to the products and services we provide. These types of events, including manufacturing disruptions, delays in clients’ clinical programs, commercial disputes, legal actions, and/or failures to obtain marketing approvals may adversely affect our business and/or results of operations. Contaminations in our animal populations can damage our inventory, harm our reputation for contaminant-free production, result in decreased sales and cause us to incur additional costs. Both small and large research models must be free of certain infectious agents, such as select viruses, parasites, and bacteria, because the presence of these contaminants can distort or compromise the quality of research results and/or could adversely impact human or animal health. The presence of these infectious agents in our animal production facilities and certain service operations could impact the quality of our contaminant-free research model as well as our animal services businesses, including GEMS, harm our reputation for contaminant-free production and result in decreased sales. There also exists a risk that contaminations from models that we produce may affect our client’s facilities, requiring our support to resolve the impact. In some cases, we may produce or import animals carrying infectious agents capable of causing disease in humans; and in the case of such a contamination or undiagnosed infection, there could be a possible risk of human exposure and infection and liability for damages to infected persons. 29 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. When considering our large research models, while some of these models are owned by us and maintained at our facilities, others are reserved for us and maintained at sites operated by the original provider. Accordingly, risk of contamination may be outside of our control, and we depend on the practices and protocols of third parties to ensure a contamination-free environment. A contamination may require extended CDC or CFIA quarantine with subsequent reduced sales as a result of lost client orders, as well as the potential for complete inventory loss and disinfection of the affected quarantine rooms. Furthermore, while we often negotiate for contractual risk indemnification, the third party may refuse to fulfill its indemnification obligation or may be unable to as a result of insolvency or other impediments. Contaminations are unanticipated and difficult to predict and could adversely impact our financial results. If they occur, contaminations typically require cleaning up, renovating, disinfecting, retesting and restarting production or services. Such contaminations result in inventory loss, clean-up and start-up costs, and reduced sales as a result of lost client orders and potentially credits for prior shipments. In addition to microbiological contaminations, the potential for genetic contaminations also exists and may require us to restart the applicable animal colonies, and would result in inventory loss, additional start-up costs and possibly reduced sales. Contaminations also expose us to risks that clients will request compensation for damages in excess of our contractual indemnification requirements. A contamination event could also have a negative impact on our reputation and financial results. Further, many of our operations are comprised of complex mechanical systems that are subject to periodic failure, including aging fatigue. Such failures are unpredictable, and while we have made significant capital expenditures designed to create redundancy within these mechanical systems, strengthen our biosecurity, improve our operating procedures to protect against such contaminations, and replace impaired systems and equipment in advance of such events, failures and/or contaminations may still occur. The outsourcing trend in non-clinical and clinical stages of drug discovery and development may decrease, which could impair our growth. Over the past decade, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have generally increased their outsourcing of non-clinical and clinical research support activities, such as drug discovery, safety assessment and clinical trial support. While many industry analysts expect the outsourcing trend to continue to increase for the next several years (although with different growth rates for different phases of drug discovery and development), decreases in such outsourcing may result in a diminished growth rate in the sales of any one or more of our service lines and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For additional discussion of the factors that we believe have recently influenced outsourcing demand from our clients, please see the section entitled “Our Strategy” above. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete for business with other non-clinical drug development partners and blood product and therapeutic services companies, other CDMOs, as well as internal discovery and development departments within our larger clients, who may have greater resources than ours. We also compete with universities and teaching hospitals for outsourced services. We compete on a variety of factors, including: • reputation for on-time quality performance; • reputation for regulatory compliance; • reputation for responsive client service and support; • expertise and experience in multiple specialized areas; • scope and breadth of service and product offerings across the drug discovery and development spectrum; • scope and breadth of service and product offerings across the manufacturing support spectrum; • ability to provide flexible and customized solutions to support our clients’ drug discovery, non-clinical development, and manufacturing support needs; • broad geographic availability (with consistent quality); • price/value, spend and flexibility; • technological and scientific expertise and efficient drug development processes; • quality of facilities; • financial stability; • size; 30 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. • ability to acquire, process, analyze and report data in an accurate manner; • ability to place orders through eCommerce channels; and • accessibility of client data through secure portals. If we do not compete successfully, our business will suffer. Increased competition might lead to price and other concessions that could adversely affect our operating results. Moreover, additional competition may emerge, particularly in lower-cost jurisdictions such as India and China, which could, among other things, result in a decrease in the fees paid for our services, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The drug discovery and development services industry has continued to see a trend towards consolidation, particularly among the biotechnology companies, which are targets for each other and for large pharmaceutical companies. If this trend continues, it is likely to produce more competition among the larger companies, with respect to both clients and acquisition candidates. In addition, small, specialized entities considering entering the industries will continue to find lower barriers to entry, and private equity firms may determine that there are opportunities to acquire and consolidate these companies, thus further increasing possible competition. Our competition in the CDMO market includes full-service contract manufacturers and large pharmaceutical companies offering third-party manufacturing services to fill their excess capacity. Also, large pharmaceutical companies have been seeking to divest portions of their manufacturing capacity, and any such divested businesses may compete with us in the future. Furthermore, many of our CDMO competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing, technical or other resources than we do. More generally, our competitors or others might develop technologies, services or products that are more effective or commercially attractive than our current or future technologies, services or products, or that render our technologies, services or products less competitive or obsolete. If competitors introduce superior technologies, services or products and we cannot make enhancements to ours to remain competitive, our competitive position, and in turn our business, revenue and financial condition, would be materially and adversely affected. In the aggregate, these competitive pressures may affect the attractiveness of our technologies, services or products and could adversely affect our financial results. New technologies may be developed, validated and increasingly used in biomedical research, which could reduce demand for some of our products and services. The scientific community continues to develop NAMs, which do not involve working with animal models and are designed to increase the translation from findings in early-stage discovery and pre-clinical studies to human studies, and vice-versa. As these methods continue to advance, they may supplement, and in some cases possibly replace or supplant methodologies that are currently in use, such as the use of traditional living animals in biomedical research. For example, in April 2025, the FDA announced its intention to reduce animal testing in preclinical safety studies with NAMs, such as organ-on-a-chip systems, computational modeling, and advanced in vitro assays; in October 2025, the FDA announced its intention to streamline the approval process for biosimilar drug development and indicated further announcements related to reducing animal testing requirements may be forthcoming; and in November 2025, the U.K. government announced a roadmap to phasing out animal testing in favor of alternative methods. In addition, technological improvements, such as imaging and other translational biomarker technologies, could impact demand for animal research models. Further, manufacturers, including Charles River, have recently introduced recombinant versions of LAL, which has been historically derived from live animals. It is our strategy to explore new technologies to refine and potentially reduce the use of animal models and animal derived products as new in vitro and in silico methods become available and synthetically-manufactured products become validated with sufficient data to ensure public safety. For information regarding our efforts to support development and to provide the best translational models to supplement or replace traditional models, see “Our Strategy” included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. However, we may not be able to develop new products, inputs or processes effectively or in a timely manner to replace any lost sales. Lastly, other companies or entities may develop research models, inputs or processes with characteristics different from those that we produce, and that may be viewed as more desirable by some of our clients. We may not be able to successfully develop and market new services and products. We continue to seek opportunities to develop and market new services and products that complement or expand our existing business or service offerings. We believe our ability to innovate through internal research and development efforts and license or acquire new technologies from third parties are both critical to our ability to continue to meet the needs of our clients. Our ability to gain access to such technologies depends, in part, on our ability to convince innovators that we can successfully develop and commercialize their inventions. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to identify new technologies of interest to our clients. Even if we are able to identify these opportunities, negotiating license agreements on commercially acceptable terms may prove difficult. In addition, our ongoing internal research and development efforts may not always yield offerings that meet client demand. If we are unable to develop new services and products and/or create demand for those newly developed services and products, our future business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 31 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Costs increasing more rapidly than market prices in certain of our businesses could reduce profitability. The cost of collecting, processing and testing products has risen significantly in recent years and will likely continue to increase given stringency of demands on raw materials. These cost increases are related to new and improved testing procedures, increased regulatory requirements, and higher staff and supply costs, including labor inflation. Competition and fixed price contracts may limit our ability to maintain existing operating margins. Some competitors have greater resources than us to sustain periods of marginally profitable or unprofitable sales. Costs increasing more rapidly than market prices may reduce profitability and may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Legal and Regulatory Risk Factors Any failure by us to comply with applicable regulations and related guidance could harm our reputation and operating results, and compliance with new regulations and guidance may result in additional costs. Any failure on our part to comply with applicable regulations could result in the termination of ongoing research or the disqualification of data for submission on behalf of our clients to regulatory authorities. This could harm our reputation, our prospects for future work and our operating results. For example, the issuance of a notice of objectionable observations or a warning letter from the FDA based on a finding of a material violation affecting data integrity by us for GLP or cGMP requirements that are not addressed to the regulatory monitoring authorities’ satisfaction could materially and adversely affect us. If our operations are found to violate any applicable law or other governmental regulations, we might be subject to civil and criminal penalties, damages and fines or the temporary closure of our facilities. Any action against us for violation of these laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses, divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business and damage our reputation. Where applicable, our clients expect us to timely deliver their non-clinical data compliant with the FDA’s SEND (Standardization for Exchange of Nonclinical Data) standards. Notwithstanding, some of these standards require additional operating and capital expenses that will impact not only us and our industry competitors, but clients in the biomedical research community. Non-compliance with any of these expectations could lead to official action by a government authority, damage to our reputation and a potential loss of business. In addition, regulations and guidance worldwide concerning the production and use of research animals for research purposes continue to evolve. Similarly, guidance has been and continues to be developed for other areas that impact the biomedical research community on both a national and international basis including transportation, mandated contingency planning, euthanasia guidance, import and export requirements of biological materials, health monitoring requirements and the use of disinfectants. Our Cell Solutions business is subject to complex regulation by federal, state and local governments in the U.S. This business requires us to obtain many licenses, permits, authorizations, accreditations, approvals, and certificates to fully comply with appropriate regulations. Federal, state and local regulations do change, requiring prompt adoption to remain in a constant state of compliance. Changes in the regulations could require us to alter how we operate our business, potentially resulting in a significantly increased cost of compliance. Our donor collection center is registered with the FDA and the FDA periodically conducts inspections of those facilities and operations. At the conclusion of each inspection, the FDA provides us with a list of objectionable conditions and practices observed during the inspection that could result in additional enforcement actions. Failure to comply with the regulations enforced by the FDA could result in sanctions and/or remedies and have a material adverse effect on us. We are required to comply with stringent, complex and evolving laws, rules, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are required to comply with stringent, complex and frequently evolving laws, rules, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security. Ensuring that our collection, use, transfer, storage and other processing of personal information complies with such requirements can increase operating costs, impact the development of new products or services, and reduce operational efficiency. Internationally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data privacy and security legal framework with which we must comply. For example, we are required to comply with the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which imposes stringent obligations regarding the collection, control, use, sharing, disclosure and other processing of personal data of individuals within the EU and European Economic Area (EEA). EU member states may also impose additional requirements in relation to personal data through their national implementing legislation. The EU GDPR also imposes specific restrictions on the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EU and EEA, including the use of appropriate safeguards to enable such transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) and the EU- 32 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. US Data Privacy Framework (DPF). Although these mechanisms are currently valid for purposes of transferring personal data, they could be subject to legal challenges and there is no assurance that we could satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data. If we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results. While we have implemented controls and procedures to comply with the requirements of the EU GDPR, such procedures and controls may not be effective in ensuring compliance or preventing unauthorized transfers of personal data. Additionally, we are subject to the privacy and data protection laws of the UK, including the UK Data Protection Act of 2018 (UK GDPR). Similar to the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR imposes restrictions on the processing of personal data, as well as transfers of personal data from the UK to other countries. Failure to comply with the EU and/or the UK GDPR can result in significant fines and other liability. Similarly, we are subject to the privacy and data protection laws of China, including the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) and Data Security Law (DSL), which promulgated requirements relating to the collection, processing, transfer and security of personal information in or from China. Violations of the PIPL or DSL could result in fines and penalties, suspension of data transfers, cancellation of business authorizations, personal liability for responsible company officers, as well as criminal and civil liability. In the event that the PIPL requires us to store data in China, or limits our ability to transfer data across borders, we may experience increased costs and business inefficiencies. Fines, corrective actions, or other penalties asserted due to alleged noncompliance may impose additional financial or operational costs, limit our ability to attract and retain local talent, or limit our ability to do business in China. In the US, there are numerous federal and state data privacy and security laws, rules, and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure, retention, security, transfer, storage and other processing of personal information, including federal and state data privacy laws, data breach notification laws, and data disposal laws. For example, at the federal level, we are subject the regulations of the Federal Trade Commission, which has the authority to regulate and enforce against unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce, including acts and practices with respect to data privacy and security. If our public statements about our use, collection, disclosure and other processing of personal information are alleged to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices, we may be subject to potential government or legal investigation or action. If we are found to have violated applicable laws or regulations, we may also be subject to penalties, fines, damages, injunctions or other outcomes that may adversely affect our operations and financial results. The United States Congress also has considered, and may in the future consider, various proposals from time to time for comprehensive federal data privacy legislation to which we may become subject if passed and which may adversely affect our operations and financial results. At the state level, we are subject to laws and regulations like the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). The CCPA and CPRA create transparency requirements for companies, grant California residents various rights with regard to their personal information, and impose additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California. Failure to comply with the CCPA and CPRA may result in, among other things, significant civil penalties and injunctive relief, or potential statutory or actual damages. The CCPA and CPRA also provide a private right of action for data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. The CCPA and CPRA may impact our business activities and require compliance costs that adversely affect business, operating results, prospects and financial condition. These state statutes, and other similar state or federal laws that may be enacted in the future may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses, and otherwise suffer adverse impacts on our business. Additionally, while collecting research products from donors, we may collect, use, disclose, maintain and transmit donor information in ways that will be subject to many of the numerous state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure, storage, transmission or confidentiality of patient-identifiable health information. We have made changes to, and investments in, our business practices and will continue to monitor developments and make appropriate changes to help attain compliance with these evolving and complex laws, rules, regulations and standards. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with any such laws, rules, regulations, standards or contractual obligations could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, significant fines, civil or criminal penalties, costly litigation (including class actions), government investigation or inquiries, enforcement actions, claims, proceedings, judgements, awards, 

=== CRL_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2025, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and/or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2025 as filed with the SEC on February 18, 2026, except as disclosed below. We have in the past experienced and in the future could experience unauthorized access into our information systems. We operate large and complex information systems that contain significant amounts of client data. As a routine element of our business, we collect, analyze and retain substantial amounts of data pertaining to the non-clinical studies we conduct for our clients. Unauthorized third parties could attempt to gain entry to such information systems to steal data or disrupt the systems or for financial gain. Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, threats and incursions to our data and systems, including malicious software and viruses, phishing, business email compromise and social engineering attacks, network intrusions, or other cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. These threats also may be further enhanced in frequency or effectiveness through threat actors’ use of artificial intelligence technologies, which are becoming more widely adopted and increasingly sophisticated. In response to past cybersecurity incidents, we have implemented additional security safeguards and continually work to enhance existing safeguards; however, such efforts may not be successful, in which case we could suffer significant harm. 35 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. We are at risk of being targeted, and we have in the past been victim to, business email compromise fraud, which results in payments being made to illegitimate bank accounts. Although these instances have not resulted in our incurring material losses, if similar instances occur in the future, we may incur such losses. We have recently become aware of unauthorized access to certain information systems of the Company. The incident involved a social engineering attack in which a threat actor impersonated a trusted party and obtained employee access credentials from a small number of employees. We identified the incident and immediately activated our cyber incident response plan to contain the intrusion, assess and investigate the incident and implement remedial measures. Based on the information reviewed to date, we believe the unauthorized activity has been contained and did not result in any material disruption to our information systems. We are currently in the process of ascertaining what, if any, information was exfiltrated, including whether there was any compromise of sensitive and/or personal identifiable information contained within the accessed information systems. As of the date hereof, the Company believes that this cybersecurity incident has not had a material impact on the Company’s financial systems, operations or financial condition due in part to the Company’s previously implemented security safeguards. As a result of this or any cybersecurity incident, we may be subject to business disruptions or governmental investigations, private litigation or other claims, which could result in fines, other monetary relief, or injunctive relief that could materially increase our data security costs, adversely impact how we operate our systems and collect and use personal information. If, as a result of any such governmental investigation, other investigation or claim, we are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations including, without limitation, any applicable data privacy and information security laws or regulations, we could be subject to legal risk, including governmental enforcement action and civil litigation, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. Defending any such litigation claim or enforcement action, regardless of merit, and whether successful or unsuccessful, and cooperating with regulatory investigations, could be expensive and time-consuming and adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, we may be adversely impacted by reputational harm or a loss of confidence in the security and integrity of our information systems among customers, employees and business partners. There can be no assurance, however, that this cybersecurity incident or any future cybersecurity incidents will not have a material impact on the Company’s future operations, financial systems or financial condition. We leverage software and hardware solutions from technology and services providers, including software-as-a-service and public cloud infrastructure, who have been subject to cybersecurity incidents in the past and may have incidents or breaches in the future. As of the date of this filing, to our knowledge, no prior cybersecurity incident or breach at a third party has had a material impact on our business. However, future incidents or breaches could cause us to suffer significant harm. Our contracts with our clients typically contain provisions that require us to keep confidential the information generated from the studies we conduct. In the event the confidentiality of such information is compromised, whether by unauthorized access or other breaches, we could be exposed to significant harm, including termination of customer contracts, damage to our customer relationships, damage to our reputation and potential legal claims from customers, employees and other parties. In addition, we may face investigations by government regulators and agencies as a result of a breach. Additionally, the rapid ongoing evolution and increased adoption of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning may make it more difficult to anticipate and implement protective measures to recognize, detect, and prevent the occurrence of any of the cyber events described above. For information regarding our processes and practices related to information and cybersecurity, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2025 as filed with the SEC on February 18, 2026, specifically Section 1C “Cybersecurity”. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table provides information relating to the purchases of shares of our common stock during the three months ended March 28, 2026. Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) December 28, 2025 to January 24, 2026 158 $ 200.95 — $ 1,000,000 January 25, 2026 to February 21, 2026 38,961 211.68 — 1,000,000 February 22, 2026 to March 28, 2026 1,135,552 176.13 1,135,516 800,000 Total 1,174,671 1,135,516 On October 29, 2025, our Board of Directors approved, in aggregate, a stock repurchase program of $1.0 billion. During the three months ended March 28, 2026, we repurchased 1.1 million shares of common stock for $200.0 million under the stock 36 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. repurchase program. As of March 28, 2026, we had $800.0 million remaining on the authorized $1.0 billion stock repurchase program. Additionally, our stock-based compensation plans permit the netting of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units, and performance share units in order to satisfy individual statutory tax withholding requirements. Item