=== IT_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment that involves numerous risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. In addition, we and our clients are affected by global economic conditions and trends. The following sections address significant factors, events and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky. We urge you to consider carefully the factors described below and the risks that they present for our operations, as well as the risks addressed in other reports and materials that we file with the SEC and the other information, included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. When the factors, events and contingencies described below or elsewhere in this Form 10-K materialize, there could be a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, and therefore have a potential negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we now deem immaterial may also harm us and negatively affect your investment. In addition to the effects of the global economic and geopolitical climate on our business and operations (including as a result of U.S. budget cuts, tariffs, trade barriers and restrictions) discussed in Item 7 of this Form 10-K and in the risk factors below, additional or unforeseen effects from the global economic and geopolitical climate may give rise to or amplify many of these risks discussed below. Risks in this section are grouped in the following categories: (1) strategic and operational risks; (2) macroeconomic and industry risks; and (3) legal and regulatory risks. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. Strategic and Operational Risks We may not be able to maintain the quality of our existing products and services. We operate in a rapidly evolving market, and our success depends on our ability to deliver high quality and timely insights to our clients. Any failure to continue to provide credible and reliable information and insights that are useful to our clients could have a material adverse effect on future business and operating results. Further, if our published data, opinions or viewpoints are considered to be wrong, lack independence, or are not substantiated by appropriate research, our reputation will suffer and demand for our products and services may decline. In addition, we must continue to improve our methods for delivering our products and services in a cost-effective manner via the internet and mobile applications in an inflationary economic environment. Failure to maintain state of the art electronic delivery capabilities could materially adversely affect our future business and operating results. We may not be able to enhance and develop our existing products and services or introduce the new products and services that are needed to remain competitive. The market for our products and services is characterized by rapidly changing needs for information and analysis. The development of new products is a complex and time-consuming process. Nonetheless, to maintain our competitive position, we must continue to anticipate the needs of our clients, develop, enhance, protect, and improve our existing products, as well as new products and services to address those needs, deliver all products and services in a timely, user-friendly and state of the art manner, and appropriately position and price new products and services relative to the marketplace and our costs of developing them. Any failure to achieve successful client acceptance of new products and services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. Additionally, significant 7 delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position. Technology is rapidly evolving, and if we do not continue to develop new product and service offerings in response to these changes, our business could suffer. Disruptive technologies, including in areas of artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning, are rapidly changing the environment in which we, our clients, and our competitors operate and could affect the nature of how we generate revenue. We anticipate encountering more competition with increased adoption of AI services in the markets in which we compete. We will need to continue to respond to and anticipate these changes by enhancing our product and service offerings to maintain our competitive position. However, we may not be successful in responding to these forces and enhancing our product and service offerings on a timely basis or in a cost-efficient manner, and any enhancements we develop may not adequately address the changing needs of our clients. Our future success will depend upon our ability to develop and introduce in a timely manner new offerings, or enhancements to existing offerings, that address the changing needs of this constantly evolving marketplace. Failure to develop products that meet the needs of our clients in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial position. In addition, some of our content is exposed to Internet search engines and large language models (“LLM”), which help generate website traffic. Search engines and LLMs often update their proprietary algorithms, which affects the placement of links to our websites. Some search engines and LLMs also provide substantive content in search results, including AI-generated content, which, if expanded to the areas in which we operate, could reduce the need to enter our websites. When a major search engine or LLM changes its algorithms in a manner that negatively affects our placement in search results or makes it less likely for our target audience to enter our websites, our business, results of operations and financial position may be harmed. Similarly, some of our content is exposed to the datasets leveraged by AI chatbots, and these chatbots may provide substantive content, either with or without contribution, in query responses to users which could reduce the need to enter our websites. Uncertainty in the development, deployment, and use of AI in our platform and products and by our customers and competitors may result in harm to our business and reputation. We use, and may expand our use of, machine learning and AI technologies in some of our products, services, and processes. In August 2025, we launched AskGartner, our new AI-powered tool that gives clients an improved user experience by providing faster, more efficient access to our insights, to licensed users globally. Developing, testing, and deploying AI systems has required, and will continue to require, additional investment and increased costs, including costs related to developing talent to implement AI technologies. Our competitors or other third parties may also incorporate AI into their offerings more effectively and/or quickly than we do, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business and financial results. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving AI technological developments, our competitive position and business results may be negatively impacted. Moreover, the development, adoption, and use of generative AI technologies are still in their early stages, and ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by Gartner or third-party developers or vendors could result in unintended consequences. For example, AI technologies that we use may lead to unintended consequences and errors, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and expose us to liability. Third parties may also be able to use AI to create technology that could reduce demand for our products. Although generally contractually prohibited, clients or others may load our proprietary information into large language models, which could reduce the value of our offerings. In addition, the introduction of AI technologies, particularly generative AI, into new or existing offerings may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality, data privacy or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. Because AI systems are highly complex and rapidly developing, it is not possible to predict all the legal, regulatory, operational or technological risks that may arise relating to our use of AI. Our Insights business depends on renewals of subscription-based services and sales of new subscription-based services for a significant portion of our revenue, and our failure to renew at historical rates or generate new sales of such services will lead to a decrease in our revenues. A large portion of our success depends on our ability to generate renewals of our subscription-based insights products and services and new sales of such products and services, both to new clients and existing clients. These products and services constituted approximately 78% and 77% of total revenues from our operations for 2025 and 2024, respectively. Generating new sales of our subscription-based products and services, both to new and existing clients, is a challenging, costly, and often time-consuming process. If we are unable to generate new sales, due to competition or other factors, our revenues will be adversely affected. Our Insights subscription contracts are typically for twelve months or longer. Our ability to maintain contract renewals is subject to numerous factors, including the following: • delivering high-quality and timely analysis and insight to our clients; 8 • understanding and anticipating market trends and the changing needs of our clients; and • providing products and services of the quality and timeliness necessary to withstand competition. Additionally, as we continue to adjust our products and service offerings to meet our clients’ continuing needs, we may shift the type and pricing of our products which may impact client renewal rates. While our Insights client retention rate was 85% and 84% for 2025 and 2024, respectively, there can be no guarantee that we will continue to maintain this rate of client renewals. The profitability and success of our conferences and other meetings are subject to external factors beyond our control. The market for desirable dates and locations for our activities has historically been highly competitive. If we cannot secure desirable dates and suitable venues for our conferences the profitability for these conferences will suffer, and our financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, because our conferences are scheduled in advance and held at specific locations, the success of these activities can be affected by circumstances outside of our control, such as the occurrence of or concerns related to communicable diseases (such as COVID-19), labor strikes, transportation shutdowns and travel restrictions, economic slowdowns, reductions in government spending, geopolitical crises, terrorist attacks, war, weather, natural disasters, and other occurrences impacting the global, regional, or national economies, the occurrence of any of which could negatively impact the success of the conference or meeting. Our insurance coverage for 2025 (and likely beyond) excludes coverage for cancellations due to communicable diseases. We also face the challenge of procuring venues that are sizeable enough at a reasonable cost to accommodate some of our major activities. Our Consulting business depends on non-recurring engagements and our failure to secure new engagements could lead to a decrease in our revenues. Consulting segment revenues constituted approximately 9% of total revenues from our on-going operations in both 2025 and 2024. Consulting engagements typically are project-based and non-recurring. In addition, revenue from our contract optimization business can fluctuate significantly from period to period and is not predictable. Our ability to replace consulting engagements is subject to numerous factors, including the following: • delivering consistent, high-quality consulting services to our clients; • tailoring our consulting services to the changing needs of our clients; and • our ability to match the skills and competencies of our consulting staff to the skills required for the fulfillment of existing or potential consulting engagements. A material decline in our ability to replace consulting engagements will have an adverse impact on our revenues and our financial condition. Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. Impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our financial results. Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. Impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our financial results. Our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent approximately 38% of our total assets at December 31, 2025. We are required to amortize certain intangible assets over the useful life of the asset, while goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized. On at least an annual basis, we assess whether there have been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. During the year ended December 31, 2025, ongoing weakness in the market as well as changes in the Company’s internal organization structure prompted a revision to the long-term earnings forecast for the Digital Markets business. During the year ended December 31, 2025, a goodwill impairment loss of $150.0 million was recognized in the Digital Markets reporting unit. We may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel which could jeopardize the quality of our products and services and our future growth plans. Our success is based on attracting and retaining talented employees and we depend heavily upon the quality of our senior management, research analysts, consultants, sales and other key personnel. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. We face competition for qualified professionals from, among others, technology companies, market research firms, consulting firms, financial services companies and electronic and print media companies, some of which have significant financial resources and a willingness to deploy those resources to attract and compensate these professionals. Moreover, increasing wage inflation may affect our profit margin as we strive to provide compensation packages that are competitive. We face risks related to global and industry-specific labor shortages, and competitive markets can increase attrition throughout our sector. Additionally, some of the personnel that we attempt to hire are subject to non-compete agreements that could impede our short-term recruitment efforts. Our employee hiring and retention also depend on our brand and reputation as well as our ability to build and maintain an inclusive workplace culture that enables 9 our employees to thrive. We may also be limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws, and changes to policies that restrain the flow of technical and professional talent could inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and development and other efforts. An inability to retain key personnel or to hire and train additional qualified personnel could materially adversely affect the quality of our products and services, as well as our future business and operating results. In addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success, and failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. If we are unable to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position may be harmed. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, confidentiality, non-compete and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may obtain unauthorized access to our intellectual property, technology or other information that we regard as proprietary. Our intellectual property rights may not survive a legal challenge to their validity or provide significant protection for us. Additionally, the laws (including evolving and uncertain copyright law as it applies to the training, use, developments, and deployment of AI) and enforcement mechanisms to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use in new technologies like AI and machine learning may be inadequate. Further, the laws and enforcement mechanisms of certain countries, particularly in emerging markets, do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Conducting business in certain foreign jurisdictions may require accepting compromised protections or yielding of rights to technology, data or intellectual property in order to access those markets. Accordingly, we may not be able to protect our intellectual property against unauthorized or undesired third-party copying or use, which could adversely affect our competitive position. From time to time third parties have asserted, and may continue to assert, intellectual property claims that our products infringe the rights of others. Such claims can be expensive and time-consuming to defend, regardless of their merit. The inability to obtain rights to use third-party intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms could also have an adverse impact on our business. We may face claims based on the theft or unauthorized use or disclosure of third-party trade secrets and other confidential business information. Any such incidents and claims could harm our business and reputation, cause us to incur significant expenses, and prevent us from selling certain products, all of which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, our employees are subject to restrictive covenant agreements (which include provisions related to employees’ ability to compete and solicit customers and employees) and assignment of invention agreements, to the extent permitted under applicable law. When the period expires relating to their particular restrictions, former employees may compete against us. If a former employee violates the provisions of the restrictive covenant agreement, we seek to enforce the restrictions but there is no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts, and enforceability of certain restrictive covenants may decrease significantly due to recent regulatory scrutiny in the U.S. If the laws change to provide greater rights to employees, that could further reduce the effectiveness and enforceability of our restrictive covenant agreements. Privacy concerns could damage our reputation and deter current and potential clients from using our products and services. Concerns relating to global data privacy have the potential to damage our reputation and deter current and prospective clients from using our products and services or attending our conferences. In the ordinary course of our business and in accordance with applicable laws, we collect personal information (i) from our employees, (ii) from the users of our products and services, including conference attendees, and (iii) from prospective clients. We collect only basic personal information from our clients and prospects. While we believe our overall data privacy procedures are adequate, the theft or loss of such data, or concerns about our practices, even if unfounded, with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of this personal information or other data protection related matters could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our operating results. Third parties may not adhere to the same standards for data quality, security and compliance, potentially leading to unintended data being used in AI models. Any system or process failure, or compromise of our security that results in the disclosure of our users’ personal data, could seriously limit the consumption of our products and services and the attendance at our conferences, as well as harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business. We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity. A significant portion of our business is conducted over the internet and we rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of information relating to our business operations and confidential and sensitive information about our customers and employees in our computer systems and networks, and in those of our third-party vendors. Actions by individuals, groups, and state-sponsored organizations pose threats to our operations, our computer systems, our employees, and our customers. The cybersecurity risks we face range from cyber attacks common to most industries, such as the development and deployment of malicious software to gain access to our networks and attempt to steal confidential information, launch distributed denial of service attacks, or attempt 10 other coordinated disruptions, to more advanced threats that target us because of our prominence in the global business and technology insights field. Like many multinational corporations, we, and some third parties upon which we rely, have experienced cyber attacks on our computer systems and networks in the past and may experience them in the future, likely with more frequency and sophistication, and involving a broader range of devices and modes of attack, all of which will increase the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. To date, none have resulted in any material adverse impact to our business, operations, products, services or customers. We have implemented various security controls designed to address our security obligations and to defend against constantly evolving security threats. Our security controls help to secure our information systems, including our computer systems, intranet, proprietary websites, email and other telecommunications and data networks, and we scrutinize the security of outsourced website and service providers prior to retaining their services. However, the security measures implemented by us or by our outside service providers may not be effective and our systems (and those of our outside service providers) are vulnerable to theft, loss, damage and interruption from a number of potential sources and events, including unauthorized access or security breaches or incidents, cyber attacks, computer viruses, power loss, or other disruptive events. In some cases, vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which could exacerbate the risk of a security incident and the effects on our business. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities described herein. Moreover, as a result of operating in a hybrid work environment, many of our employees are working virtually for a period of time, which magnifies the importance of the integrity of our remote access security measures. Cyber criminals use artificial intelligence tools to increase the effectiveness, speed and complexity of attacks, requiring increased vigilance and threat defense. Additionally, the security compliance landscape continues to evolve, requiring us to stay apprised of changes in cybersecurity privacy, and protection laws and regulations, and security requirements required by our clients, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”), the Chinese Cybersecurity, Data Security and Personal Information Protection laws (and other new and proposed data protection laws) and certain standards of the International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”), and National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”). Recent well-publicized security breaches at other companies have led to enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cyber attacks, and may in the future result in heightened cybersecurity requirements, including additional regulatory expectations for oversight of vendors and service providers. A cyber attack, widespread internet failure or internet access limitations, or disruption of our critical information technology systems (or those of our service providers) through denial of service, viruses, or other events could cause delays in initiating or completing sales, impede delivery of our products and services to our clients, disrupt other critical client-facing or business processes or dislocate our critical internal functions. Additionally, any actual or perceived material security breaches or incidents or other technology-related catastrophes, or media reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems or those of our third parties, even if no breach, incident or catastrophe has been attempted or occurred, could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, fines, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard our customers’ information, or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. We may experience outages and disruptions of our online services and information systems if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure. Our increasing user traffic and complexity of our products and services demand more computing power. We have invested substantial amounts and expect to continue investing (as necessary) in access to data centers and equipment and in moving more of our workload into cloud services, upgrading our technology and network infrastructure to handle increased traffic on our websites, and delivering our products and services through emerging channels, such as mobile applications. However, any inefficiencies, or operational failures or significant disruptions at our suppliers could diminish the quality of our products, services, and user experience, resulting in damage to our reputation and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, potentially harming our financial condition and operating results. Consolidation of technology and service vendors could lead to few viable alternatives, potentially resulting in more widespread operational and/or customer-facing disruptions when critical vendors or service providers experience disruptions. Our acquisitions, dispositions, and strategic investments, involve substantial risks. We have made and may continue to make acquisitions of, or significant investments in, businesses that offer complementary products and services or otherwise support our growth objectives. The risks involved in each acquisition or investment include the possibility of paying more than the 11 value we derive from the acquisition, dilution of the interests of our current stockholders should we issue stock in the acquisition, decreased working capital, increased indebtedness, the assumption of undisclosed liabilities and unknown and unforeseen risks, the ability to retain key personnel of the acquired company, the inability to complete the transaction due to regulatory review, the inability to integrate the business of the acquired company, increase revenue or fully realize anticipated synergies, the time to train the sales force to market and sell the products of the acquired business, the potential disruption of our ongoing business and the distraction of management from our day to day business. Additionally, we face competition in identifying acquisition targets and consummating acquisitions. Our dispositions involve additional risks and uncertainties, such as ability to sell such businesses on satisfactory price and terms and in a timely manner, or at all, disruption to other parts of the businesses and distraction of management, allocation of internal resources that would otherwise be devoted to completing strategic acquisitions, loss of key employees or customers, and exposure to unanticipated liabilities or ongoing obligations to support the businesses following such dispositions, and other adverse financial impacts. Finally, both acquisitions and divestitures are subject to continued regulatory scrutiny, which may impede our ability to consummate strategic transactions. The realization of any of these risks could adversely affect our business. We face risks related to leased office space. We lease all the properties used for our ongoing business operations. In several locations, we have consolidated our operations and sublet substantially all the excess space. Through our real estate consolidations and other related activities, we seek to secure quality subtenants with appropriate sublease terms. However, if we fail to secure quality subtenants, or subtenants default on their sub

=== IT_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this report. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities In May 2015, the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.2 billion of the Company’s common stoc k. The Board authorized incremental share repurchases of up to an aggregate additional $6.3 billion of the Company’s common stock from February 2021 to January 2026. The Board also authorized incremental share repurchases of up to an additional $600.0 million in April 2026. The Company may repurchase its common stock from time-to-time in amounts, at prices and in the manner that the Company deems appropriate, subject to the availability of stock, prevailing market conditions, the trading price of the stock, the Company’s financial performance and other conditions. Repurchases may be made through open market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), accelerated share repurchases, private transactions or other transactions and will be funded by cash on hand and borrowings. Repurchases may also be made from time-to-time in connection with the settlement of the Company’s stock-based compensation awards. The table below summarizes the repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (#) Average Price Paid Per Share ($) Total Number of Shares Purchased Under Announced Programs (#) Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) January 1, 2026 to January 31, 2026 47 $ 223.31 — $ 1,245,347 February 1, 2026 to February 28, 2026 2,042,841 155.53 1,931,202 945,349 March 1, 2026 to March 31, 2026 1,267,365 163.25 1,267,228 $ 738,472 Total for the quarter (1) 3,310,253 $ 158.49 3,198,430 (1) The repurchased shares during the three months ended March 31, 2026 included 111,823 shares purchased for the settlement of stock-based compensation awards and 3,198,430 shares purchased in the open market. Amounts presented exclude the excise tax accrual. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Insider Trading Arrangements No director or Section 16 officer adopted or terminated a trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or a non-Rule 10b5–1 trading arrangement during the three months ended March 31, 2026. 35 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2005). 3.2 Amended and restated By-laws of Gartner, Inc, effective October 30, 2025. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2025). 31.1 * Certification of chief executive officer under Rule 13a — 14(a)/15d — 14(a). 31.2 * Certification of chief financial officer under Rule 13a — 14(a)/15d — 14(a). 32 * Certification under 18 U.S.C. 1350. 101.INS* Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). * Filed with this report. Items 3 and 4 of Part II are not applicable and have been omitted. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Gartner, Inc. Date: May 5, 2026 /s/ Craig W. Safian Craig W. Safian Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 36 