=== OTIS_2026-04-17.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Otis Worldwide Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS We are Otis We are the world s leading company for elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation, service and modernization. You ll find us in the world s most iconic structures, as well as residential and commercial buildings, transportation hubs and everywhere people are on the move. Our Vision We give people freedom to connect and thrive in a taller, faster, smarter world. The Otis Absolutes In realizing our vision, our colleagues are guided by our commitment to The Otis Absolutes: Safety We are in the safety business. The well-being of our colleagues, our customers and the riding public is paramount. EVERYTHING DEPENDS ON MOVING PEOPLE SAFELY. Ethics We strive to be a trusted company, and the employer and supplier of choice. Doing business the ethical, lawful and honest way is who we are, and our reputation depends on it. DOING BUSINESS THE RIGHT WAY IT S WHO WE ARE. Quality We stand for delivering quality results in everything we do from engineering, manufacturing, installation and service, to selling, marketing and financial reporting. WE DELIVER QUALITY RESULTS IN EVERYTHING WE DO. TABLE OF CONTENTS Creating value in 2025 In 2025, Otis Worldwide Corporation ( Otis ) continued to build momentum, strengthening the foundation of our Service-driven business and sharpening our execution across key strategic priorities. Throughout the year, we focused on elevating the experience of our customers and passengers, supporting our colleagues in delivering high-quality service, and enhancing the capabilities that keep our operations resilient and responsive. Guided by The Otis Absolutes of Safety, Ethics and Quality, we remain committed to enabling safe, reliable and connected mobility for people and communities in a rapidly evolving world. Our reach is global, our people are local We maintain approximately 2.5 million customer units worldwide We serve customers in more than 200 countries and territories We have 72,000 colleagues, including 45,000 field professionals We have over 1,400 branches and offices and a direct physical presence in more than 70 countries Executing on our strategy We remain focused on executing our strategic pillars to drive long-term, sustainable growth, while continuing to refine our business to meet evolving customer and passenger needs. As the market environment shifts, we are enhancing the competitiveness of our Service-driven model and strengthening the foundation that supports our long-term priorities. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation continues to reinforce these efforts, enabling investment in the business while delivering attractive, long-term returns for our shareholders. STRATEGIC PILLARS 2025 RESULTS Accelerate Service portfolio growth Grew Service portfolio by 4%, marking our fourth year at 4% or greater Ended 2025 with approximately 1.1 million units connected globally (1) and grew subscription revenue by 35% Sustained growth in our repair business across all regions, marking a three-year CAGR of approximately 10% Deliver modernization value Grew modernization orders by 26% at constant currency (2) with all regions growing beyond 10%, outpacing the market Grew modernization sales by approximately 10% at constant currency (2) , for the second consecutive year, and increased modernization backlog by 30% at constant currency (2) Supported growth through our enhanced commercial strategy, including modular upgrades solutions and an expanded sales team, both of which were enabled by industrialized manufacturing and installation capabilities Sustain New Equipment growth Increased New Equipment backlog by 2% at constant currency (2) Accelerated orders of our Gen3 and Gen360 products, up two points from prior year as a percentage of total orders Continued implementation of common platform products, factory transformation and material productivity to better serve our New Equipment customers while reducing costs Advance digitalization Consolidated multiple endpoints, streamlined solutions to strengthen cyber resilience and simplify management, creating a more efficient and secure foundation for digital operations Migrated workloads to a multicloud platform, enhancing agility, data accessibility and automation capabilities, streamlining the application portfolio, and improving operational efficiency Implemented advanced platforms to optimize finance operations and introduced intelligent automation and deployed AI-driven tools and digital assistants to enhance colleague productivity and streamline workflows, embedding data-driven decision-making and automation into everyday business practices Focus and empower our workforce Continued deployment of Otis University global leadership program; additionally delivered simulated learning solutions for leaders to enhance decision-making and business performance, as well as for frontline supervisors and people leaders new in their roles Achieved 10% increase in the realization of executive succession plans, underscoring our continued focus on strengthening leadership pipelines, enhancing organizational continuity and improving the overall health of our succession-planning processes Achieved record high Inclusion score and maintained our highest overall Pulse engagement score Concluded our UpLift program and progressed our transition roadmap for Global Business Services to simplify and standardize our processes so our customer-facing colleagues can focus on delivering exceptional customer service (1) Includes units in warranty period. (2) As defined more fully in Appendix A on pages 108 - 111 , Otis refers to non-GAAP New Equipment backlog and modernization backlog at constant currency. Appendix A also provides a reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the corresponding GAAP financial measure. 1 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Creating value in 2025 Financial highlights Otis completed another year with solid financial performance, underscoring the strength of our Service-driven strategy. Service organic sales (1) grew 5%, with strong modernization organic sales growth (1) of 9%. Modernization remains a key growth engine, as orders increased 26%, and we ended the year with backlog up 30% at constant currency (1) . Our maintenance portfolio expanded 4% for the fourth consecutive year, to roughly 2.5 million units, supporting the durability of our recurring revenue base. GAAP and adjusted operating profit (1) expanded 70 and 40 basis points, respectively. GAAP earnings per share ( EPS ) decreased 14% and adjusted EPS (1) increased 6%. We increased our quarterly dividend by 8%, and generated $1.6 billion in operating cash flow and adjusted free cash flow (1) . We largely returned this strong cash flow to our shareholders through approximately $650 million in dividends and more than $800 million in share repurchases during the year. 2025 Results Percentage change from 2024 SALES GAAP $14.4B ~Flat organic sales growth (1) BACKLOG / UNITS New Equipment backlog growth (1) 2% 2% Modernization backlog growth (1) 30% 30% Maintenance portfolio growth 4% 4% CASH FLOW Operating cash flow $1.6B ~2% Adjusted free cash flow (1) $1.6B ~1% DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE GAAP $3.50 (14%) Adjusted (1) $4.05 6% (1) As defined more fully in Appendix A on pages 108 - 111 , Otis refers to non-GAAP sales as organic sales, non-GAAP backlog growth at constant currency as backlog growth, non-GAAP operating profit as adjusted operating profit, non-GAAP cash flow as adjusted free cash flow and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share as adjusted diluted EPS. Appendix A also provides a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP financial measures. 2 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Independent Lead Director letter TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS: In 2025, Otis continued to deliver and execute its strategic commitments. Service remains at the core of our strategy, delivering consistent growth and profitability through our industry- leading 2.5 million-unit maintenance portfolio. With $14.4 billion in sales and mid-teens operating profit margin, Otis also continued to lead the industry in both sales and profitability. The future outlook for our modernization business, a key driver of continued portfolio expansion, is robust, with orders accelerating, up 26% in 2025, as customers across all geographies continued to upgrade aging elevator systems. We continued to innovate and invest in research and development, including digital initiatives, with 1.1 million units connected globally. In 2025, the Board remained focused on overseeing Otis UpLift program, a key enterprise transformational initiative introduced in 2023 to standardize processes, optimize our operating model and drive efficiency across the organization to enhance customer centricity. Over the past two years, the UpLift program produced substantial cost savings and achieved its targeted objectives by the end of 2025, demonstrating strong execution by management and continued alignment with the company s priorities. The Board exercised consistent oversight of progress against defined milestones and ensured that Otis remained positioned to capture the full benefits of these efforts. As UpLift concludes, Otis will build on these gains and continue to transform our business model to enhance competitiveness and long-term shareholder value. The Board also continued to evolve its governance and shareholder engagement efforts in 2025. Throughout the year, the independent directors of the Board led an expanded investor outreach, both in-season and off-season, to develop a deeper understanding of our investor perspectives. We greatly appreciate the candid feedback and perspectives we heard regarding our strategy, governance and executive compensation practices, which have informed the Board s actions in response and expanded disclosures, as detailed in this Proxy Statement. In August 2025, Kathy Hopinkah Hannan was appointed as the new Compensation Committee Chair, and the Compensation Committee appointed a new leading independent compensation consultant to conduct a fresh review of our compensation program and ensure continued objective advice on program design and alignment with shareholder interests. Oversight of the executive succession planning process remains a key Board priority to ensure seamless leadership transitions and reinforce Otis long-term organizational continuity. Finally, reflecting the company s strategic priorities, the Board reviewed and refined our director skills and attributes framework, sharpening descriptions and expanding the set of prioritized skills to continue to align with the company s strategy and future needs. This ongoing evaluation supports our thoughtful Board refreshment efforts and ensures we maintain the right mix of expertise and perspectives to oversee Otis continued growth and value creation. With the Board s direction, Otis is focused on growth, promising a bright future, supported by the strength of our global footprint, our relentless focus on the customer experience and the dedication of our people. We would like to thank our shareholders for your continued trust and support. We are confident in the opportunities before us, and the Board remains committed to delivering sustained, long-term value for all our shareholders. We look forward to continued engagement with you in 2026 and respectfully request your support for the Board-recommended proposals contained in this Proxy Statement. Yours truly, JOHN H. WALKER INDEPENDENT LEAD DIRECTOR 3 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Meeting information DATE AND TIME: May 27, 2026 9:00 a.m. Eastern time LOCATION: We will be holding our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders ( Annual Meeting ) virtually via live webcast. To attend, vote or submit questions during the Annual Meeting, see How to attend below. You will not be able to attend the meeting in person. For more information, see Virtual Annual Meeting. Your vote is important. Please submit your proxy or voting instructions as soon as possible. Agenda 1. Election of the 10 director nominees listed in the Proxy Statement 2. Advisory vote to approve executive compensation 3. Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to serve as independent auditor for 2026 4. Shareholder proposal, if properly presented at the meeting 5. Other business, if properly presented Who may vote: If you owned shares of Otis common stock at the close of business on March 30, 2026, you are entitled to receive this Notice of the 2026 Annual Meeting and to vote at the meeting, either online or by proxy. How to attend: To attend the meeting, please go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OTIS2026. To participate by voting or submitting questions during the Annual Meeting, you will need to log in to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OTIS2026 using the control number located on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials ( Notice of Internet Availability ), proxy card or voting instruction form. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. Please review your 2026 Proxy Statement ( Proxy Statement ) and vote using one of the methods described on the following page. By Order of the Board of Directors. SUSAN GRADY SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CORPORATE SECRETARY 4 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders How to Vote INTERNET Online during the Virtual Annual Meeting: Go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OTIS2026 and follow the instructions on the website Online in advance of the Virtual Annual Meeting: Up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on May 26, 2026, go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions on the website TELEPHONE Up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on May 26, 2026, call 1-800-690-6903 MAIL Sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction form in the enclosed postage-paid envelope Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting to be held on May 27, 2026. This Notice of the 2026 Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders ( 2025 Annual Report ) are available free of charge at www.proxyvote.com. References in either document to our website or any third-party website are for the convenience of readers, and information available at or through these websites is not a part of nor is it incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement or 2025 Annual Report. The Board of Directors (the Board ) is soliciting proxies to be voted at our Annual Meeting on May 27, 2026, and at any postponed or reconvened meeting. We expect that the proxy materials or a Notice of Internet Availability will be mailed and made available to shareholders beginning on or about April 17, 2026. At the Annual Meeting, votes will be taken on the matters listed in this Notice of the 2026 Annual Meeting. Virtual Annual Meeting For our Annual Meeting, we have adopted a virtual meeting format. This format enables shareholders to participate regardless of geographic location, physical or resource constraints. It also safeguards the health and safety of our shareholders, colleagues and members of our Board. All that is required is an internet-connected device. How will the Annual Meeting be held? The Annual Meeting will be held solely via live webcast through an online virtual meeting platform that allows shareholders around the globe to listen to the entire meeting on their computer or other device and submit questions. Members of management, our Board and a representative of our independent auditor will be in virtual attendance. There will not be a physical meeting location. How can shareholders attend and participate in the Annual Meeting? Only shareholders of record and beneficial owners as of March 30, 2026, the record date, may attend or participate in the meeting by voting or submitting questions. To attend and participate, go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OTIS2026 and log in using the 16-digit control number included on your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card or voting instruction form. On the day of the Annual Meeting, May 27, 2026, shareholders may begin to log in to the online virtual meeting platform beginning at 8:45 a.m. Eastern time. The meeting will begin promptly at 9:00 a.m. Eastern time. Please allow ample time to log in. How can shareholders receive technical assistance in connection with the Annual Meeting? Beginning at 8:45 a.m. Eastern time on the day of the meeting, we will have technicians ready to assist you with any technical difficulties you may have when logging in or accessing the Annual Meeting. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the Annual Meeting during the check-in or meeting time, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the online virtual meeting platform log-in page. 5 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders How can shareholders submit questions at the Annual Meeting? Once logged in to the virtual meeting platform as instructed, shareholders may submit questions directly by following the instructions on the website. We will answer as many shareholder-submitted questions that are appropriate and pertinent to the meeting agenda as time permits. Substantially similar questions may be answered as a group. YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING IN PERSON. 6 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of contents 1 Creating value in 2025 3 Independent Lead Director letter 4 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 8 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 9 Governance and Board highlights 9 Foundation of good governance 10 Our director nominees 11 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 11 PROPOSAL 1: Election of directors 12 Our Board leadership structure 12 Chair and Chief Executive Officer 12 Independent Lead Director 13 Roles and responsibilities 14 Board responsibilities and oversight 14 Areas of Board oversight 19 Our code of ethics The Otis Absolutes 19 Board committees 23 Creating and maintaining an effective Board 23 How we select our directors 25 Criteria for Board membership 26 Director skills and attributes 27 Board effectiveness 29 Our Board nominees 29 Biographical information 39 Nominee skills and attributes matrix 40 Director independence 40 Board engagement 40 Board and committee attendance 41 Engagement with management 41 Engagement with shareholders 44 Compensation of directors 44 Pay structure 46 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 46 PROPOSAL 2: Advisory vote to approve executive compensation 47 A Message from our Compensation Committee 48 Compensation discussion and analysis 48 Who we are 48 Introduction 49 Named Executive Officers 49 Executive summary 50 Compensation best practices 51 2025 Say-on-Pay vote, shareholder outreach and engagement 53 Executive compensation philosophy 55 How we make pay decisions and assess our programs 57 Elements of our 2025 executive compensation program 66 Other executive compensation policies and practices 70 Other compensation elements 73 Report of the Compensation Committee 74 Compensation tables 74 Summary Compensation Table 75 All Other Compensation 76 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 77 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 80 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 81 Pension Benefits 82 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 83 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 86 CEO pay ratio 87 Pay versus performance 91 AUDIT MATTERS 91 Report of the Audit Committee 92 PROPOSAL 3: Appoint an independent auditor for 2026 92 Audit Committee assessment of PwC 92 Audit Committee controls relating to independent auditor 93 Policy on Audit Committee preapproval of audit and permissible non-audit services of independent auditor 93 PwC Fees 94 PROPOSAL 4: SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL, IF PROPERLY PRESENTED AT THE MEETING 96 Our response Statement in opposition to Proposal 4 98 OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION 98 Stock ownership 98 Beneficial stock ownership of directors and executive officers 99 Certain beneficial owners 99 Delinquent Section 16(a) reports 99 Transactions with related persons 100 Other matters 100 Cautionary note concerning factors that may affect future results 101 Availability of corporate documents 101 Incorporation by reference 101 Company names, trademarks and trade names 102 FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING 108 APPENDIX A: RECONCILIATION OF GAAP MEASURES TO CORRESPONDING NON-GAAP MEASURES 112 APPENDIX B: FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE METRICS USED IN THE OTIS STI PROGRAM 7 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Proxy voting roadmap PROPOSAL 1 Election of directors BOARD RECOMMENDATION: PAGE 11 FOR Each Director Nominee PROPOSAL 2 Advisory vote to approve executive compensation BOARD RECOMMENDATION: PAGE 46 FOR PROPOSAL 3 Appoint an independent auditor for 2026 BOARD RECOMMENDATION: PAGE 92 FOR PROPOSAL 4 Shareholder proposal, if properly presented at the meeting BOARD RECOMMENDATION: PAGE 94 AGAINST 8 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement summary Governance and Board highlights Foundation of good governance Otis is committed to strong corporate governance practices. Our governance structure reflects best-in-class processes from across industries, which we believe provide the basis for effective board oversight. Our governance is dynamic, reflecting the Board s continuous review of best practices and goal of maintaining optimum effectiveness. Below are Otis key corporate governance practices and where in this Proxy Statement and/or other publicly available documents you may find further information on these practices. Publicly available documents such as our Corporate Governance Guidelines ( CGG ), Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, Committee Charters and The Otis Absolutes are available on our website at www.otisinvestors.com/governance/governance-documents. Board independence and composition 9 of 10 director nominees are independent pages 10 , 40 All standing committees are composed of independent directors only pages 19 - 22 Independent Lead Director has expansive authority and clearly defined responsibilities grounded in the fundamental principle of independent oversight pages 12 - 13 CGG Private sessions excluding the Chief Executive Officer and management are typically held following each regularly scheduled Board and committee meeting; presided over by the Lead Director or committee chair CGG No classified Board. All directors are elected annually. Newly appointed directors of less than one year are subject to reelection at the Annual Meeting page 24 Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation Overboarding is prohibited. All directors are restricted in the number of other public boards on which they may serve page 24 CGG Majority voting standard applies for uncontested elections. Resignation policy is in place if a director fails to receive the majority of votes cast CGG Director engagement 5 Board meetings and 17 committee meetings in 2025 page 40 99% director attendance at Board and committee meetings in 2025 page 40 Robust onboarding and continuing education program for all directors pages 27 - 28 CGG Annual self-evaluations completed by all directors page 27 CGG Sustainability matters Extensive sustainability program and active Board and committee oversight of sustainability matters in place pages 14 - 17 The Otis Absolutes, our code of ethics , applies to all colleagues globally as well as the Board page 19 The Otis Absolutes and CGG Compensation practices At-risk compensation makes up approximately 91.6% of our CEO s target compensation opportunity and not less than 77% for each of the other named executive officers ( NEOs ) page 58 Strong clawback provisions page 66 Careful consideration of risk page 67 Shareholder rights Nomination of director candidates in Proxy materials available through the proxy access process; properly made shareholder nominations considered by the Nominations and Governance Committee Bylaws Request for a special meeting of shareholders can be made by shareholders holding at least 15% of outstanding shares of Otis common stock for at least one year Bylaws No dual class or cumulative voting structure one vote per share Certificate of Incorporation No supermajority shareholder vote requirements Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation Stock ownership requirements Robust stock ownership requirements for directors and executive officers pages 45 , 66 CGG Prohibition on hedging and pledging of our common stock by directors and colleagues (including officers) page 67 9 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement summary Our director nominees The Board has nominated 10 individuals for election to the Otis Board upon recommendation of the Nominations and Governance Committee. These nominees are deeply experienced executives with the highest integrity and bring a highly diverse collection of backgrounds, experience, skills and perspectives. The nominees have led and advised companies as executive officers, chairs, founders, managing or lead partners and directors in a wide range of sectors, including asset management, automotive, consumer products, manufacturing, telecommunications, transportation and professional services. Each of the nominees is a current Otis director. Each nominee, with the exception of Judy Marks, Otis Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President, is an independent director. Each nominee, with the exception of Judy Marks and Christopher Kearney, also serves on one or more of our standing committees of the Board. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Thomas A. Bartlett , 67 Former President and Chief Executive Officer, American Tower Corporation Board committees: Audit, Nominations and Governance Director since October 2023 Jeffrey H. Black , 71 Former Senior Partner and Vice Chairman, Deloitte LLP Board committees: Audit (Chair) Director since April 2020 Jill C. Brannon , 62 Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer, FedEx Corporation Board committees: Audit, Nominations and Governance Director since October 2023 Nelda J. Connors , 60 Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Pine Grove Holdings, LLC Board committees: Audit, Compensation Director since October 2022 Kathy Hopinkah Hannan , 64 Former Global Lead Partner, National Managing Partner and Vice Chairman, KPMG, LLP Board committees: Compensation (Chair) Director since April 2020 Christopher J. Kearney , 70 Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, SPX Corporation Board committees: None Director since April 2020 Judith F. Marks , 62 Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President, Otis Worldwide Corporation Board committees: None Director since April 2020 Margaret M. V. Preston , 68 Managing Director, Cohen Klingenstein, LLC Board committees: Nominations and Governance (Chair) Director since April 2020 Shelley Stewart, Jr. , 73 Former Chief Procurement Officer, E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company Board committees: Compensation, Nominations and Governance Director since April 2020 John H. Walker , 68 Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Global Brass and Copper Holdings, Inc. Board committees: Compensation Director since April 2020 10 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Proposal 1: Election of directors We are seeking your support for the election of the 10 individuals whom the Board has nominated to serve as directors for a one-year term beginning on the date of the Annual Meeting. All the nominees are current directors of Otis. The Board believes that the nominees have the qualifications consistent with our position as a global leader in the elevator and escalator manufacture, installation, service and modernization industry with operations worldwide. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE: Thomas A. Bartlett Jeffrey H. Black Jill C. Brannon Nelda J. Connors Kathy Hopinkah Hannan Christopher J. Kearney Judith F. Marks Margaret M. V. Preston Shelley Stewart, Jr. John H. Walker 11 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Our Board leadership structure Chair and Chief Executive Officer Otis CEO and President, Judith F. Marks, has served as the Chair of the Otis Board since February 2022. The decision to appoint Ms. Marks as Chair followed careful consideration by the Board after nearly two years of operating as a standalone public company. The Board considered several factors in reaching its decision to combine the roles of Chair and CEO under Ms. Marks, including that: Ms. Marks has led Otis as President since 2017, was named CEO in 2019 and has served as a director since Otis became an independent publicly traded company in April 2020. Under Ms. Marks leadership, Otis has continued to deliver strong financial performance by driving near- and long-term strategic priorities, all while effectively guiding Otis through a global pandemic, substantial macroeconomic pressures and geopolitical uncertainty. Ms. Marks has proven to be an exceptional leader setting a vision, creating an environment of success, removing obstacles and driving results and the Board believes that she is the best candidate to lead the Board as its Chair. Combining the roles of Chair and CEO promotes decisive decision-making as Otis continues to execute on its long-term strategy and seeks to achieve sustainable growth and value creation for our customers, colleagues, communities and shareholders. The Board has a strong, independent Lead Director with responsibility to ensure leadership and oversight independent of company management, as described in more detail below. The Board continues to actively consider its leadership structure to ensure it aligns with the best interests of the company and its shareholders. Independent Lead Director The independent Lead Director plays an important role in Otis corporate governance structure, ensuring that the Board fulfills its duty to provide the appropriate level of independent oversight of management and acting as the principal liaison between the independent directors and management. The Lead Director also acts in an advisory capacity to the Chair and CEO and to Otis management in matters concerning the interests of the organization and the Board as well as relationships between Otis management and the Board. To promote strong and independent oversight of Board activities, Otis has delineated clear responsibilities for the independent Lead Director. For example, the Lead Director has final approval authority of all Board meeting schedules, agendas and materials, is authorized to call special meetings of the Board and committees and leads robust private sessions excluding the CEO and other Otis management as part of every Board meeting. In addition, the Lead Director is responsible for providing annual and ongoing feedback to the Chair and CEO on various topics, including her performance, the functioning of the Board and any other issues or concerns that may arise. The Corporate Governance Guidelines require the independent directors to select annually an independent member to serve as Lead Director whenever the Chair is not independent. Accordingly, the independent directors have selected John H. Walker to continue as Lead Director. We are confident that all our directors understand their roles and are committed to acting in the best interest of Otis. In clearly defining the responsibilities of the Chair and CEO and Lead Director roles, respectively, we believe that we are striking the right balance to ensure effective leadership of the Board independent of Otis management. In continuing in the role of Lead Director, Mr. Walker is well positioned to provide a strong, independent perspective commensurate with his responsibilities. 12 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Roles and responsibilities The key responsibilities of the combined Chair and CEO and the Lead Director are incorporated into our Corporate Governance Guidelines and described below. Chair and CEO Lead Director Develops meeting schedules and agendas Ensures Board materials are appropriate, sufficient and high quality Presides at all meetings of the full Board Presides at annual and special shareholder meetings Has authority to call special meetings of the Board Fosters an open and inclusive environment at Board meetings Identifies director candidates for the Board in consultation with the Nominations and Governance Committee and Lead Director Assists the Nominations and Governance Committee with the screening and evaluation of director candidates Assists the Nominations and Governance Committee with the selection of committee chairs Has final approval of meeting schedules, agendas and Board materials Presides at private meetings of independent directors and at Board meetings when the Chair and CEO is not present Has authority to call special meetings of the Board, committees and private sessions of the independent directors Jointly leads, with the Chair of the Nominations and Governance Committee, the Board self-evaluation process and works with that committee to address issues that arise Communicates the Board s annual performance evaluation and provides ongoing feedback to the Chair and CEO Serves as principal liaison between the independent directors and the Chair and CEO, as necessary Assists the Chair and CEO and the Nominations and Governance Committee with the identification, screening and evaluation of director candidates Assists the Nominations and Governance Committee with the selection of committee chairs Authorizes retention of outside advisors who report directly to the Board Meets, as representative of the Board, with representatives of significant stakeholder constituencies 13 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Board responsibilities and oversight Areas of Board oversight The Board is responsible for overseeing Otis business and activities. Board oversight is divided into several key areas, with oversight responsibility delegated in some instances to one or more of its committees. Key areas of Board oversight are set forth below. More information about committee oversight and responsibilities is set forth in the Board committees section starting on page 19 . STRATEGY While management is responsible for executing Otis strategy, the Board actively engages with management to guide, inform and advise on that strategy to support and promote long-term shareholder value. Otis sustainability initiatives are fully integrated into its business strategy. The Board receives updates from management on the status of company performance, key strategic initiatives, global socioeconomic conditions, public policy issues relevant to Otis and its stakeholders, competitive trends, capital markets and other developments. The Board has oversight responsibility over capital allocation policy, including financings, dividends, share repurchases, and significant investments and capital appropriations, including those related to mergers and acquisitions. Throughout the year, the Board, through its committees, is briefed, discusses and gives guidance on strategies for issues falling under the oversight of those committees, including environmental, health and safety, sustainability, corporate social responsibility and governance matters. The Board s varied experiences and perspectives allow it to probe and test management s assumptions and conclusions on strategies and their implementation. Engagement by the entire Board is supported and promoted through discussions at private sessions of the independent members of the Board following every Board meeting, led by the independent Lead Director, and every Board committee meeting, led by its committee chair. RISK MANAGEMENT Successful execution of a robust and innovative business strategy involves accepting a certain measure of risk. Otis identifies, assesses, monitors and manages risks through its comprehensive enterprise risk management ( ERM ) program that conforms to the Enterprise Risk Management Integrated Framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Board works with management to develop appropriate risk tolerance and oversees and monitors the management of risks that could significantly affect the company s operations, growth or reputation. Risk oversight is aligned with the Board s oversight of Otis strategies and business plans. Thus, the Board regularly receives reports on the risks implicated by the company s strategic decisions concurrent with the deliberations leading to those decisions. The Board annually participates in an update on the ERM program and is briefed on these risks periodically, either directly or through its committees. The Board, its committees and management work together on risk management as follows: BOARD OF DIRECTORS The full Board has oversight responsibility for the following areas of risk and risk management: Overall risk management program and structure, and risk tolerance levels Selection and retention of senior executive management Company culture and engagement Management succession planning and development Business objectives and major strategies Risks deemed significant Otis Board and its committees receive regular reports from the head of Internal Audit, General Counsel and other senior management regarding ERM, litigation and legal matters, compliance programs and risks, and other applicable risk-related policies, procedures and limits. We believe that our leadership structure supports our risk oversight function. 14 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance The Board delegates certain risk management responsibilities to its standing committees. While each committee is responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of such risks, the entire Board is regularly informed through committee reports about such risks. Working with management, the Board supports discussions around escalating risks as business needs dictate. Risk oversight delegated to committees includes: AUDIT COMMITTEE Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Financial statements and disclosures, reporting and controls Legal, ethical and regulatory compliance Financial, including policies related to investments, uses of cash and taxes Cybersecurity, privacy and artificial intelligence ( AI ) governance Review of significant acquisitions and divestitures COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Executive incentive plan performance metrics and goals, including ESG factors Compensation levels for senior leaders Pay equity CEO performance goals Stock ownership requirements Clawback policies NOMINATIONS AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Director qualifications and nomination Director independence Board effectiveness Board refreshment Corporate governance Environment, health and safety Corporate social responsibility and charitable giving Sustainability and climate-related risks Public policy issues Shareholder engagement and proposals on various topics SUCCESSION PLANNING Executive Succession Management succession planning is a core governance priority for the Board. All directors have experience overseeing successful leadership transition processes or executive development programs. The Board regularly reviews executive and CEO succession priorities in Executive Board sessions of the independent directors. We believe that effective succession planning requires ongoing attention and preparation for both planned and emergency-style transitions. Independent directors maintain strong visibility into the company s leadership pipeline through year-round interactions and structured inputs, including regular discussions with the CEO regarding senior leadership performance and readiness, as well as formal talent reviews that assess current performance, future potential and development needs of executive leaders. This process supports the Board in identifying gaps and overseeing the implementation of targeted actions such as development plans, coaching and career-growth opportunities. The independent directors have an opportunity to form their independent assessment of senior leader readiness through ongoing engagement, including: Formal presentations by senior leaders at regularly scheduled Board and committee meetings Discussions with leadership during the Board s annual strategy review Informal dinners between independent directors and senior Otis leaders Periodic Board site visits to Otis locations around the world Updates on career development programs and rotational assignments To complement our robust internal assessment process, the Board also retains a specialized third-party advisor to identify and evaluate a pipeline of potential external candidates consistent with external market environment expectations and our strategic business priorities. We believe this comprehensive approach to management succession planning positions the company for seamless future leadership transitions and reinforces a culture of continuous learning, mentorship and career development across the organization. 15 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance CYBERSECURITY ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing Otis cybersecurity program and artificial intelligence ( AI ) governance model as part of its broader risk management and compliance oversight responsibilities. Otis has extensive experience applying predictive AI across its operations and multiple product offerings, supported by mature processes and controls developed over many years. As Generative AI and Agentic AI capabilities continue to emerge, the company is building on these proven frameworks to deploy AI responsibly, manage risk effectively, and maximize business value. The Board receives regular updates on AI strategy and risk management to support informed oversight of both opportunities and challenges associated with AI deployment. Otis has taken a risk-based approach to cybersecurity and AI adoption. The security of our products, services and corporate network is a key priority both for the growth of our business and our responsibilities as a leader in our industry. We have implemented cybersecurity policies throughout our operations, including designing and incorporating cybersecurity into our products and services while they are being developed. Otis and the Board believe that AI capabilities need to be implemented quickly in a manner that both manages risk and maximizes the benefits that this new technology can deliver. Otis has established a three-level governance model for managing cybersecurity risks. Cybersecurity risks are overseen by the Audit Committee of the Board. Our Chief Digital Officer ( CDO ) and Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ) regularly brief the Audit Committee and other members of the Board on the Otis Cybersecurity Program and cyber-threat landscape. In 2025, Audit Committee members participated in a simulated cyber incident tabletop exercise involving a cyber event coinciding with the earnings cycle. Our Cybersecurity Program is directed by both our CDO and CISO, and we have established a Cyber Governance Council and Steering Committee made up of senior management, including our CEO. These committees are informed about and monitor the prevention, mitigation, detection and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes described above, including the operation of our incident response plan. AI governance and adoption are overseen by our CDO and a dedicated AI Governance Council, who work together to develop Otis AI vision and ensure adherence to our principles for responsible and ethical AI use. We established a structured framework for selecting AI pilot initiatives to ensure thoughtful prioritization and strong outcome measurement in ways that enhance operational efficiency while managing associated risks. The Audit Committee has responsibility for overseeing AI governance while the full Board monitors AI strategy. In 2025, the Board received a briefing from an outside AI expert and management presentations that included demonstrations and explanations of AI use cases. Our CDO and CISO each have extensive experience in various roles involving managing information security, developing cybersecurity strategy and implementing effective information and cybersecurity programs, as well as relevant degrees and certifications. These include Certified Information Security Manager certification and National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Cyber training. All Otis colleagues engaged in cybersecurity work are required to have a baseline certification (such as Security+, CISSP or CISM), as well as an operational cyber certification (for example, incident response or forensics analysis). In addition, several members of our Board hold cyber certifications, including CERT Certificates in Cybersecurity and AI Oversight issued by the CERT Division of the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon University and an AICPA Cybersecurity PA Certificate. 16 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance SUSTAINABILITY PROGRAMS Otis four sustainability pillars Health Safety, Environment Impact, People Communities, and Governance Accountability are embedded into our core business strategy and our Otis Absolutes, driving long-term value for all our stakeholders and the broader communities where we live and work. Our sustainability governance model is aligned with our strategic priorities and corporate vision, with active oversight and robust engagement by the Board and its committees. For example, the safety of our colleagues and the riding public is of the utmost importance to the Board and the company as a reflection of our core values. This commitment contributes to making Otis the employer of choice for field professionals and the supplier of choice for many of our customers. At the management level, functional leaders are accountable for sustainability-related matters within their respective areas, under the direct oversight of the CEO and, ultimately, the Board, primarily through the Nominations and Governance Committee. These leaders are supported by cross-functional committees and workstreams that integrate sustainability considerations into broader business strategy, and they collaborate with subject matter experts to develop and implement initiatives. Sustainability-Related Risks Sustainability-related risks and corresponding mitigation actions are managed by the applicable business function, including through regular meetings with key stakeholders. Governance Model Functional leaders are responsible for sustainability-related topics, with direct oversight by the CEO. Sustainability-related strategies are aligned with Otis culture, values, business objectives and customer centricity mission. Flexible and comprehensive approach achieves meaningful results and creates long-term value for our stakeholders. Areas of oversight include, but are not limited to: Community giving, volunteerism and community engagement Corporate governance Human capital management Human rights Ethics and compliance Health and safety Investor relations Supply chain Climate-related risks and opportunities In 2025, the Nominations and Governance Committee received reports from management at every meeting on sustainability-related topics. The Committee engaged in reviews of issues covering colleague health and safety; corporate social responsibility and giving; human capital management; sustainability- and climate-related risks and opportunities; and shareholder engagement on sustainability-related topics. It was also briefed on Otis approach to mandatory and voluntary reporting requirements, including the European Union s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ( CSRD ). For more information about our sustainability programs, please review our voluntary report, called Connect Thrive. The 2025 report is expected to be published later this year on our company website at www.otis.com. 17 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS Oversight The Nominations and Governance Committee oversees Otis approach to public policy matters, including the company s participation in programs and activities related to political engagement or public policy issues. The Board has delegated to the Nominations and Governance Committee responsibility to conduct an annual review of Otis political contributions and engagement on public policy issues to ensure full alignment with our corporate policies and continued value to the company and our shareholders. Our Vice President, Chief Government Relations Officer, serves as our Head of Government Relations under our corporate policy on government relations and leads Otis global government affairs strategy, providing guidance and oversight for advocacy on Otis behalf on legislative, regulatory and policy matters. Our expectations for responsible political activity are outlined in The Otis Absolutes and our corporate policy on government relations, both of which are publicly available on our website at www.otisinvestors.com/governance/governance-documents. In response to shareholder feedback, the Board determined to provide expanded disclosure in the 2026 Proxy Statement regarding the company s political contributions processes and practices, which is set forth below. Otis complies fully with all applicable laws governing political contributions and related disclosures, and we maintain rigorous internal controls to ensure adherence to these requirements. Corporate Contributions Otis core business is not generally subject to extensive national-level regulatory frameworks, unlike certain other industry sectors such as energy, financial services or healthcare. Nevertheless, legislative or regulatory developments may periodically affect our operations, and when they do, Otis may participate in the political process to help inform sound policy outcomes. Any such engagement is conducted prudently, transparently and in full compliance with the law. Otis also may engage directly with policymakers to provide perspectives on our business and the potential impact of contemplated legislative or regulatory actions. Pursuant to our corporate policy on government relations, any political contributions by Otis must be reviewed by Otis legal counsel and approved in advance by the Head of Government Relations. In no event may any political contribution be offered or made that would constitute or create the appearance of a corrupt payment as provided under our corporate policy on anti-corruption. Otis Federal Political Action Committee Where appropriate, Otis may make contributions through the Otis Federal Political Action Committee ( Otis PAC ) to candidates who support policies aligned with our business priorities and long-term shareholder interests, irrespective of political affiliation. The Otis PAC also may support national political organizations connected to both major parties. In 2025, total political contributions through the Otis PAC were less than $10,000. The Steering Committee of the Otis PAC reviews candidates and approves contributions in accordance with the Otis PAC s bylaws and operating guidelines. To the extent Otis makes contributions through the Otis PAC, we are subject to federal public disclosure requirements. Federal election law requires federal campaign committees and federal political committees to file public reports disclosing their contributions and expenditures. Federal Election Commission reports on political contributions by the Otis PAC are available at www.fec.gov and also can be found at www.opensecrets.org. State and local candidates for elective office and state and local political committees are generally required to file similar public reports disclosing contributions and expenditures. Reports on quarterly receipts and disbursements by the Otis PAC also are readily available on the Federal Election Commission s website. Trade and Industry Associations Otis participates in select trade associations to ensure we stay appropriately informed of relevant industry developments and public education efforts regarding major issues of common concern to our industry. Our participation does not imply endorsement of any specific political position taken by those associations, nor do we expect associations in which we participate to engage in political campaign activities. Participation by a colleague in any trade association must be preapproved by management following review by Otis legal counsel, which includes the rationale for joining the organization, the type of activities involved and the organization s commitment to antitrust compliance. Colleagues receive periodic training on trade association participation. Given the multiple compliance risks associated with trade associations, the Audit Committee will periodically review Otis trade association memberships to ensure alignment with our corporate policies. 18 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Our code of ethics The Otis Absolutes Otis code of ethics is called The Otis Absolutes. This code, which applies to all colleagues globally as well as the Board, is based on The Otis Absolutes of Safety, Ethics and Quality. These core values establish standards of conduct and ethical principles that guide every colleague and Board member across the globe in their day-to-day decisions. The Board, through its Audit Committee, receives reports from management, the Chief Compliance Officer ( CCO ) and Otis internal auditor on any significant issues regarding compliance with The Otis Absolutes. Board committees While it is the responsibility of the Board as a whole to exercise its business judgment and to act in the best interests of Otis and its shareholders in overseeing Otis business and affairs, the Board delegates oversight of certain matters to its committees, which act on behalf of the Board and report back to the Board on its activities. Actions reserved to the full Board include: Determine the appropriate size of the Board from time to time Oversee the selection and evaluation of senior executive management Review business objectives and major strategies Oversee significant risks Evaluate the performance of the Chair and CEO Review succession planning and management development Our Board has three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominations and Governance Committee. Each committee is composed exclusively of independent directors. Each standing committee has the authority to retain independent advisors to assist in the fulfillment of its responsibilities, to approve the fees paid to those advisors and to terminate their engagements. All committee charters, which are reviewed annually by the respective committee, are available on our website at: www.otisinvestors.com/governance/governance-documents. 19 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance AUDIT COMMITTEE MEETINGS IN 2025: 7 MEMBERS: Jeffrey H. Black, Chair Thomas A. Bartlett Jill C. Brannon Nelda J. Connors Kathy Hopinkah Hannan (1) All members of the Audit Committee are independent. ADDITIONAL INDEPENDENCE REQUIREMENTS: All members of the Audit Committee satisfy the heightened independence requirements under the relevant rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ), both of which require that the Board consider the source of the member s compensation. FINANCIAL EXPERTISE AND AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERTS: The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee meets the financial expertise requirements of the NYSE, and that Jeffrey H. Black, Thomas A. Bartlett and Nelda J. Connors are audit committee financial experts under the relevant rules of the Exchange Act. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES : Financial statements and disclosure matters Reviews and discusses with management and the independent auditor the content, preparation, integrity and independent auditor review of Otis financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including significant financial reporting issues and judgments, and the adequacy and effectiveness of Otis internal control over financial and sustainability and related reporting and disclosures Independent auditor and internal audit Selects the independent auditor, subject to shareholder ratification, and monitors its performance, audit and non-audit services and independence Approves the annual Internal Audit plan, budget and staffing, and reviews significant findings and key trends Compliance Oversees the implementation and effectiveness of Otis legal, ethics and regulatory compliance programs, including The Otis Absolutes Oversees complaints and concerns submitted by Otis colleagues or external parties regarding accounting and internal accounting controls, auditing matters or business practices Enterprise risk management Oversees the overall policies and practices for ERM Reviews and oversees the evaluation and management of Otis major financial (including tax), operational, compliance, reputational, strategic and cybersecurity risks Significant financial actions Oversees Otis policies and strategies with respect to financing, dividends, share repurchases, capital appropriations, derivative transactions, global tax matters and insurance and risk management Reviews plans for and execution of significant acquisitions and divestitures (1) Effective August 26, 2025, Dr. Hannan rotated off the Audit Committee upon becoming Compensation Committee Chair. 20 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance COMPENSATION COMMITTEE MEETINGS IN 2025: 6 MEMBERS: Kathy Hopinkah Hannan, Chair (1) Nelda J. Connors Shelley Stewart, Jr. John H. Walker Shailesh Jejurikar (1) Thomas A. Bartlett (2) All members of the Compensation Committee are independent. ADDITIONAL INDEPENDENCE REQUIREMENTS: All members of the Compensation Committee satisfy the heightened independence requirements under the relevant rules of the Exchange Act and the NYSE, which require that the Board consider the source of the member s compensation. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Compensation practices and policies Oversees executive compensation programs, practices and policies, including evaluating company performance against incentive plan performance goals Annually reviews a risk assessment of compensation policies, plans and practices Oversees aspects of Otis human capital management assigned by the Board, including pay equity CEO compensation Reviews and recommends to the Board annual goals and objectives relevant to CEO compensation, and leads an evaluation of the CEO s performance against those goals and objectives Determines and approves, subject to review by the other independent directors, the CEO s compensation levels based on the evaluation of the CEO s performance Executive compensation Reviews and approves compensation peer group Reviews and approves changes to compensation for NEOs and other key officers Approves benefit arrangements and agreements for the CEO, other NEOs and key officers Assists the Board in overseeing and managing risk related to compensation practices NO COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND NO INSIDER PARTICIPATION: During the year ended December 31, 2025: No member of the Compensation Committee was a current or former officer or employee of Otis or any of its subsidiaries None of our executive officers served as a member of a board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more of its executive officers serving as a member of the Otis Board or its Compensation Committee (1) Effective August 26, 2025, Dr. Hannan was appointed Chair of the Compensation Committee, and Mr. Jejurikar, the former Chair, rotated off the Committee. (2) Effective December 4, 2025, Mr. Bartlett rotated off the Compensation Committee upon becoming a member of the Nominations and Governance Committee. 21 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance NOMINATIONS AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE MEETINGS IN 2025: 4 MEMBERS: Margaret M. V. Preston, Chair Thomas A. Bartlett (1) Jill C. Brannon Shelley Stewart, Jr. Kathy Hopinkah Hannan (2) All members of the Nominations and Governance Committee are independent. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Board and committee composition Recommends for Board approval the qualifications and criteria for service as a director Identifies, evaluates and recommends director candidates Submits to the Board recommendations for committee assignments Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding whether a director should continue service on the Board if there is a change in their principal employment or the number or type of outside boards on which the director serves Stakeholder impacts Oversees, reviews and monitors Otis policies, programs and practices related to environment, health and safety, human capital management, and related matters Oversees, reviews and monitors Otis corporate social responsibility and charitable giving programs Oversees shareholder engagement and proposals Corporate governance Reviews and recommends to the Board appropriate compensation for non-employee directors Oversees the design and conduct of the annual self-evaluation of the performance of the Board and its committees Develops, reviews and recommends to the Board updates to the Corporate Governance Guidelines Establishes and monitors policies and practices on Board operations and Board service Reviews and monitors the orientation of new Board members and the continuing education of all directors Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding shareholder rights and shareholder proposals (1) Effective December 4, 2025. (2) Dr. Hannan rotated off the Nominations and Governance Committee upon becoming Compensation Committee Chair on August 26, 2025. 22 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Creating and maintaining an effective Board How we select our directors STEP 1 Establish qualifications for selection as a director The Board, on recommendation by the Nominations and Governance Committee, has established fundamental criteria that any prospective director must possess. Recognizing that Otis must continually adapt to ever-changing business, social, environmental and other global dynamics, the Board also considers which skills, attributes and experiences are necessary to support Otis in executing its current strategy as well as to guide the company in the future. The qualifications used by the Board in selecting the nominees for directors are described under Criteria for Board membership and Director skills and attributes on pages 25 - 26 . STEP 2 Identify persons qualified to serve as directors, consistent with approved qualifications The Chair, in consultation with the Nominations and Governance Committee and the Lead Director, is responsible for identifying candidates for the Board. The Board has delegated the screening and evaluation process for director candidates to the Nominations and Governance Committee, in consultation with the Chair and the Lead Director. The Nominations and Governance Committee also may engage search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating qualified candidates and to ensure that a large and diverse pool of potential candidates is being considered. 23 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance STEP 3 Review candidates in light of the approved qualifications The Nominations and Governance Committee considers candidates recommended by directors, management and shareholders who meet the qualifications Otis seeks in its directors. Each candidate is reviewed to ensure that they meet the criteria for Board membership established by the Board. While objectivity and independence of thought are critical attributes for any nominee, the Board also considers whether the candidate satisfies the independence and other requirements for service on the Board and its committees in accordance with the rules of the NYSE and SEC. Shareholder nominations. Shareholders may recommend nominees for consideration by advance notice or proxy access, pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Otis Bylaws and subject to the universal proxy rules under Exchange Act Rule 14a-19. See Frequently Asked Questions About the 2026 Annual Meeting How do I submit proposals and nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting? on page 106 for more information on shareholder nominations of directors for the 2027 Annual Meeting. Any properly made shareholder nominations are considered by the Nominations and Governance Committee. Conflicts of interest. Directors must be loyal to and act in the best interests of Otis and our shareholders, thus avoiding conflicts of interest and any appearance thereof, as defined by applicable laws and as set forth in The Otis Absolutes. Candidates for Board membership must disclose all situations that could reasonably represent a conflict of interest. Additional considerations for renomination Change in principal responsibilities. If a director s principal employment or principal responsibilities outside of Otis change substantially, the director must offer to resign from the Board. The Nominations and Governance Committee will recommend to the Board whether the resignation should be accepted. Service on other boards. A director may not serve on the boards of more than three other public companies in addition to the Otis Board. Additionally, the Nominations and Governance Committee will review the appropriateness of a director s continuing Board service if a director joins the board of a public company or for-profit company where a relationship between Otis and such other entity may affect the independence of the director, require disclosure or conflict with other legal requirements. Retirement policy. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that directors will not stand for reelection and will retire from the Board as of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders following their attainment of age 75. The Board retains the authority to approve exceptions to this policy based on special circumstances. There are no fixed term limits for members of the Board. STEP 4 Recommend a slate of director candidates to be proposed for annual election by shareholders The individuals nominated for reelection to the Board at the Annual Meeting have served diligently, capably and vigorously in 2025. Each has been determined by the Nominations and Governance Committee and the Board to possess keen skills and attributes, and invaluable experiences necessary to strongly lead Otis into the future. 24 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Criteria for Board membership The Board, on recommendation by the Nominations and Governance Committee, has established fundamental criteria that a prospective director must possess: Objectivity and independence in making informed business decisions Broad, senior-level experience to be able to offer insight and practical wisdom and contribute to the wide scope of the Board The highest professional and personal ethics and values in accordance with The Otis Absolutes Loyalty to the interests of Otis A commitment to enhancing long-term shareholder value A capacity to devote the time required to successfully fulfill a director s duties Alignment on the corporation s goals in the areas of health and safety, environment and impact, people and communities, and governance and accountability to drive value for our colleagues, customers, communities and other stakeholders. All Board nominees meet the above criteria. Recognizing that Otis and its strategy must continuously adapt to ever-changing global business and macroeconomic dynamics, the Board also considered which skills and attributes were necessary to support Otis in executing its current strategy and transformation agenda. As a result, the Board, on recommendation from the Nominations and Governance Committee, determined that it should be composed of individuals possessing one or more of the following skills and attributes, so that each crucial skill and attribute is adequately represented on the Board. 25 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Director skills and attributes Aftermarket sales service Expertise in business models driven by aftermarket sales or recurring service revenue, including field-based operations with strong emphasis on colleague and public safety Audit Committee financial expert Experience as a public accountant, auditor, controller, principal financial or accounting officer in line with the SEC definition of Audit Committee financial expert Corporate governance Extensive understanding of governance frameworks, fiduciary responsibilities, and public company board and committee structures gained through governance-focused advisory work, service as a general counsel or other public company board director Enterprise transformation Executive leadership experience guiding organizations through rapid business, strategy or operational change, including in response to external events, with a proven track record of driving innovative and optimized solutions to achieve strategic goals Growth strategy Leadership experience identifying strategic growth opportunities and implementing market expansion initiatives, including strategic mergers and acquisitions, to enhance customer experience and drive sustained, profitable growth Industrial manufacturing Knowledge and experience in industrial or manufacturing sectors to critically evaluate our operations, product development and operational efficiencies Leadership experience outside the United States Global executive experience, including international assignments, with deep fluency in global business practices and cross-cultural dynamics, strengthening Board oversight of risks and opportunities across worldwide customers and supply chains Public company CEO Prior experience as chief executive officer of a public company with a practical understanding and oversight of large-scale organizations, strategic planning and driving growth to achieve strategic priorities Risk management Leadership role requiring oversight and understanding of major business risk exposures, including financial, operational, compliance, reputational, strategic, regulatory, geopolitical, trade, cybersecurity or sustainability-related risks Technology innovation Experience driving implementation of new technological advancements and innovation to enhance operational capabilities, product offerings and customer experience 26 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Board effectiveness A strong and effective Board is the foundation of Otis governance. The Board monitors and maintains its effectiveness through its interrelated Board governance practices. The Board s self-evaluation process allows it to improve its practices and policies to increase effectiveness. Continuous improvement includes understanding and staying current on industry, global, financial and other trends impacting the business. Otis governance practices include robust onboarding and continuing education opportunities. EVALUATION OF EFFECTIVENESS: BOARD SELF-EVALUATIONS The Nominations and Governance Committee oversees the design and implementation of an annual self-evaluation to assess the performance and effectiveness of the Board, its committees and the contributions of directors. The Lead Director and the Nominations and Governance Committee Chair jointly lead the self-evaluation process, which includes individual interview sessions with directors. Through written feedback and individual follow-up interviews, the directors provide an evaluation of the performance of the Board and the committees on which they sit, their own performance and the performance of the other directors on the Board as a whole. A summary of results identifying themes or issues that emerge from the self-evaluations are discussed in Board and committee private sessions without management. Results from self-evaluations are used to enhance the Board and governance practices and policies, as well as inform the Board s consideration of: Board roles, including committee assignments and chair positions Succession planning Composition and refreshment objectives 27 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Director continuing education The Board endeavors to conduct at least one annual on-site visit to an Otis operating unit, factory or construction or customer site, giving directors a firsthand understanding of Otis operations and providing an opportunity for colleagues and directors to interact. We also encourage our Board members to visit Otis branches, service centers and other facilities. In 2025, certain Board members visited branches, facilities and/or customer job sites in Albany, New York; Phoenix, Arizona; Hong Kong, SAR; San Sebastian, Spain; and Paris, France. Additionally, directors also receive daily weekday news updates relevant to Otis and the broader elevator and escalator industry and participate in outside continuing education programs through organizations, including the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD), Women Corporate Directors and others, on a variety of Board-relevant topics, including cybersecurity and AI oversight. Director onboarding As required by the Corporate Governance Guidelines, any new director will participate in an orientation program that will include: Sessions familiarizing directors with the roles and responsibilities of the Board, including topics tailored to each director s committee assignments Meetings with senior leaders to review the company s strategy, its business, financial statements, significant financial, accounting and risk management items, compliance programs and The Otis Absolutes, as well as the internal audit function and the independent auditor Attendance at a quarterly earnings call Meetings with key executives, including regional and functional area leaders, and an assigned Board Director mentor 28 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Board nominees The Board, on the recommendation of the Nominations and Governance Committee, has nominated for election the 10 individuals below, all of whom are current directors of Otis. Biographical information Each nominee s biography highlights the key skills and attributes on which the Board particularly relies, in addition to describing each director s significant work experience and service, and the standing committee(s) on which the nominee serves. THOMAS A. BARTLETT INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DIRECTOR SINCE: 2023 AGE: 67 BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit Nominations and Governance OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: The Hartford (NYSE: HIG) (since 2025) ExlService Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: EXLS) (since 2024) American Tower Corporation (NYSE: AMT) (2020-2024) Blackstone Digital Infrastructure Trust Inc. (NYSE: BXDC) (1) KEY QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCES Aftermarket sales service Audit Committee financial expert Corporate governance Enterprise transformation Growth strategy Leadership experience outside the U.S. Public company CEO Risk management Technology innovation Mr. Bartlett is a global executive and financial leader with over three decades of experience, including service as a public company CEO and CFO. He has led large-scale international expansion initiatives, overseen complex capital allocation strategies and driven innovation across technology-enabled, asset-intensive and service-focused businesses. His experience growing long-term contracted and subscription-based revenue platforms contributes to the Board s oversight of Otis strategy to drive profitable service business growth. Global growth strategy: During his tenure as both President and CEO and previously CFO of American Tower Corporation, Mr. Bartlett led the company s operational expansion into over 20 international markets, significantly diversifying revenue streams and strengthening cash flow. Under his leadership, the company achieved an Investment Grade credit rating from all three major rating agencies and delivered cumulative total shareholder returns exceeding 500%. At Verizon Communications, he oversaw wireless and connectivity businesses spanning North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia, further strengthening his expertise in scaling global operations. Technology leadership and digital infrastructure strategy: Mr. Bartlett led American Tower s transformative $10.1 billion acquisition of CoreSite Realty Corporation, significantly expanding the company s data center capabilities and positioning it as a differentiated leader in the evolving digital infrastructure ecosystem. His experience integrating digital infrastructure assets and enhancing data-driven operational capabilities supports the Board s oversight of Otis connected elevator platform, digital service tools and technology-enabled modernization initiatives. Financial expertise and capital markets leadership: As CFO of American Tower for more than a decade, Mr. Bartlett oversaw the company s financial strategy, global capital markets activity and disciplined capital allocation across a rapidly expanding international platform. His leadership strengthened the company s liquidity profile, funding flexibility and long-term value creation framework. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS American Tower Corporation (NYSE: AMT) President and CEO (2020-2024) EVP and CFO (2009-2020) Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE: VZ) Corporate Controller and Treasurer (2006-2009) Senior leadership positions across operations, finance, global business units and Verizon s predecessor companies, including CEO of lusacell and CEO of Verizon s Global Solutions (1984-2009) President and CEO, Bell Atlantic s International Wireless (1995-2000) Area President, Verizon U.S. wireless business, Northeast and Mid-Atlantic region (1991-1995) Deloitte LLP Analyst and Certified Public Accountant (1981-1983) (1) Director nominee; expected to serve on BXDC board of directors starting prior to completion of upcoming initial public offering of BXDC. 29 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE JEFFREY H. BLACK INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 AGE: 71 BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit (Chair) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: Carter s, Inc. (NYSE: CRI) (since 2022) KEY QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCES Audit Committee financial expert Corporate governance Enterprise transformation Risk management Mr. Black has more than four decades of leadership experience spanning global accounting, enterprise risk governance and crisis management. Throughout his career advising large, multinational industrial companies, he has operated at the intersection of financial oversight, operational complexity and regulatory scrutiny, developing a disciplined, solutions-oriented approach to board governance. His experience strengthening audit committee effectiveness, overseeing enterprise-wide risk frameworks and leading through cyber incident resolutions enhances the Board and Audit Committee s oversight of Otis financial integrity, operational resilience and global risk posture. Finance, audit and accounting leadership: As the Senior Partner and Vice Chairman of Deloitte, Mr. Black advised multinational industrial and manufacturing companies across highly regulated and operationally complex environments. He provided guidance on financial reporting, internal controls and leading audit committee governance practices. Mr. Black advised multiple audit committees of public companies and built and led Deloitte s Audit Committee training lab program, designed to enhance board and audit committee effectiveness and financial governance. Mr. Black is a Certified Public Accountant. Risk management: As former Chair of the Risk Committee of Deloitte s Board, Mr. Black oversaw enterprise-wide risk management across a global organization, including regulatory compliance, operational risk and data governance. He has extensive experience advising companies through complex regulatory matters, business disruptions and governance challenges. Cybersecurity oversight: Mr. Black has hands-on experience leading organizations through significant cyber incidents, coordinating management, legal advisors, insurers and forensic specialists to mitigate operational and financial impact. He maintains ongoing education in cybersecurity and emerging technology risks, including AI governance, to support effective board-level oversight. His practical incident-response experience and governance expertise strengthen the Board s oversight of cybersecurity, data protection and digital risk management across Otis global footprint. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Deloitte LLP Senior Partner and Vice Chairman (2002-2016) Member of Board of Directors (2004-2011) Arthur Andersen, LLP Partner-in-Charge, Metro New York audit practice (1988-2002) 30 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE JILL C. BRANNON INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DIRECTOR SINCE: 2023 AGE: 62 BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit Nominations and Governance KEY QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCES Aftermarket sales service Enterprise transformation Growth strategy Leadership experience outside the U.S. Technology innovation Ms. Brannon is a seasoned global executive with more than 30 years of experience leading customer-focused service organizations and driving disciplined, strategy-led revenue growth. As a senior executive at a Fortune 50 company, she has guided complex business and commercial strategy, sales execution and service-led growth initiatives, experience she brings to the Board s oversight of Otis Service flywheel strategy and global manufacturing footprint. Enterprise sales leadership at global scale: As Chief Sales Officer at FedEx and a member of the company s Strategic Management Committee, Ms. Brannon leads global, customer-centric growth strategies and oversees a sales organization of more than 12,000 team members responsible for over $90 billion in worldwide revenue. She currently leads global sales initiatives tied to predictive analytics, logistics intelligence and data-driven supply-chain solutions, supporting FedEx s shift toward predictive orchestrated logistics capabilities. Global expansion, M A and integration leadership: In her role as Senior Vice President of Sales for Europe, the Middle East, the Indian Subcontinent and Africa, Ms. Brannon led global acquisition, integration and market expansion efforts. She served on FedEx s International Leadership Council, which oversaw the 4.4 billion acquisition and integration of TNT Express, and played a central role in post-acquisition commercial alignment, network integration and customer retention across international markets. Service-led growth and technological transformation: As a key driver of FedEx s strategic and disciplined revenue growth, Ms. Brannon has guided the success of the One FedEx operating model, enabling enterprise integration, improved network performance and more disciplined revenue growth across operating companies. She also leads customer-facing digital transformation initiatives, including the global Sales rollout of FedEx Surround , an AI-powered monitoring solution that enhances global supply-chain visibility and service performance. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS FedEx Corporation (NYSE: FDX) EVP, Chief Sales Officer (since 2019) SVP, FedEx Express Europe, Middle East, India Africa (2015-2019) SVP, International Sales, FedEx Services (2006-2015) Various leadership roles, FedEx Services Roadway Package System (FedEx Ground) Roadway Express (1985-2006) 31 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE NELDA J. CONNORS INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DIRECTOR SINCE: 2022 AGE: 60 BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit Compensation OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: Carnival Corporation (NYSE: CCL) (since 2024) ConocoPhillips Company (NYSE: COP) (since 2024) Zebra Technologies Corporation (Nasdaq: ZBRA) (since 2022) Baker Hughes Company (Nasdaq: BKR) (2020-2024) Boston Scientific Corporation (NYSE: BSX) (2009-2024) BorgWarner, Inc. (NYSE: BWA) (2020-2022) EnerSys Corporation (NYSE: ENS) (2017-2021) KEY QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCES Audit Committee financial expert Corporate governance Growth strategy Industrial manufacturing Leadership experience outside the U.S. Risk management Technology innovation Ms. Connors brings deep expertise in global operations, engineering-driven businesses, capital allocation and complex supply chain environments from her more than three decades of senior executive leadership experience across the industrial and investment sectors. Her background leading large-scale manufacturing enterprises and aftermarket service platforms, combined with advising global public companies on strategic growth initiatives, provides a valuable perspective to the Otis Board on innovation, international expansion and long-term value creation. Financial expertise and capital markets leadership: Ms. Connors served as President and CEO of Atkore International, then the Electrical and Metal Products division of Tyco International, which she led through its separation from Tyco and successfully positioned for its 2010 initial public offering. In this role, she had full operational oversight of a business generating approximately $2.5 billion in revenue. She also brings significant experience in financial stewardship, disciplined capital deployment and value creation as the CEO and Founder of her own private equity investment firm, where she regularly evaluates investment opportunities and guides portfolio companies through the execution of growth initiatives. Global manufacturing and operational excellence: Ms. Connors global leadership career includes senior roles at Eaton Corporation, where she led the Asia-Pacific fluid power operations and commercial vehicle divisions. In these roles, she managed complex, asset-intensive manufacturing environments, international supply chains and multi-regional operations, providing firsthand experience relevant to Otis global manufacturing network and field operations. Through her international assignments, Ms. Connors has worked in Japan, Germany and China, providing her with global operational insights. Technology, automation and innovation: Throughout Ms. Connors extensive public company board service, she has overseen significant technological innovation, including as an independent adviser to the Nissan Motor Corporation board where she guided the implementation of Nissan NEXT a multiyear strategic plan focused on product prioritization, electrification and advanced driver-assistance technologies. While serving as a director on BorgWarner s board, she oversaw the company s integration with Delphi Technologies, a $3.3 billion acquisition, which significantly accelerated the company s electrification strategy. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Pine Grove Holdings, LLC Founder, Chair and CEO (since 2011) Nissan Motor Corporation (OTCMKTS: NSANY) Adviser to U.S. Board of Directors (2020-2023) Atkore International, Inc. (NYSE: ATKR) President and CEO (2008-2011) Eaton Corporation (NYSE: ETN) Senior operational and general management leadership positions (2002-2008) VP and General Manager, Clutch Division, Truck Group (2007-2008) VP and General Manager, Hydraulics Operations, Fluid Power Group Asia-Pacific (2004-2007) Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) Director, Parts Supply and Logistics Europe (1998-2001) Various executive and management positions at Chrysler Corporation and Mogami Denki (1990-2002) 32 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE KATHY HOPINKAH HANNAN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 AGE: 64 BOARD COMMITTEES: Compensation (Chair) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NYSE: NLY) (since 2019) Ginkgo Bioworks (NYSE: DNA) (2022-2025) Carpenter Technology Corporation (NYSE: CRS) (2022-2023) KEY QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCES Audit Committee financial expert Corporate governance Growth strategy Risk management Dr. Hannan has over 25 years of executive leadership experience spanning global finance, human capital strategy, enterprise risk and corporate governance. She has helped multinational organizations navigate regulatory compliance, operational transformation, supply chain optimization and strategic change while sustaining performance and strengthening resilience. Her breadth of experience supports the Board s oversight of Otis global growth strategy, disciplined financial management, risk governance and long-term talent priorities. Global finance, tax and audit leadership: During her career at KPMG, including as Global Lead Partner, Dr. Hannan led large-scale international engagements for tax, audit and advisory clients in the global industrial and manufacturing sector. She held senior national and global leadership roles, managing complex business units with full P L responsibility and leading multidisciplinary teams across corporate, international and state and local tax, as well as M A and valuation services. She also led transformational initiatives to rebuild and enhance key functional disciplines within KPMG s tax practice, reinforcing operational effectiveness and long-term performance. Human capital management oversight: As Vice Chair of Human Resources at KPMG, Dr. Hannan led the firm s North American workforce strategy, including recruitment, retention, leadership development and total rewards. Across her board and executive roles, she has advanced people-focused transformations and strengthened governance frameworks to support culture, workforce performance, succession planning and sustained growth. Enterprise risk management and corporate governance: Dr. Hannan has advised global industrial companies on cost discipline, supply chain effectiveness and operational transformation. As a public company director, she helped guide Ginkgo Bioworks through a strategic shift toward a more scalable, service-oriented model. At Annaly Capital Management, she enhanced enterprise risk oversight by strengthening cybersecurity governance, including implementation of a cyber-risk reporting dashboard to improve Board-level visibility and accountability. She actively participates in ongoing board education programs focused on technology-related risk oversight. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS KPMG LLP Global Lead Partner, Senior Advisor for Board Leadership Center and National Leader Total Impact Strategy (2015-2018) National Managing Partner of Corporate Responsibility (2009-2015) Midwest Area Managing Partner, Tax Services (2004-2009) Vice Chairman, Human Resources (2000-2004) 33 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CHRISTOPHER J. KEARNEY INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 AGE: 70 BOARD COMMITTEES: None OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: Nucor Corporation (NYSE: NUE) (since 2008) United Technologies Corporation (former NYSE: UTX) (2018-2020) SPX FLOW, Inc. (former NYSE: FLOW) (2015-2017) Polypore International, Inc. (former NYSE: PPO) (2012-2015) SPX Corporation (NYSE: SPXC) (2004-2016) KEY QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCES Aftermarket sales service Corporate governance Enterprise transformation Growth strategy Industrial manufacturing Public company CEO Risk management Technology innovation Mr. Kearney has a proven record of leading large-scale portfolio transformations, driving global expansion efforts and executing operational improvement initiatives across international industrial and manufacturing organizations, from his more than 30 years of senior leadership experience. He has led complex carve-outs, implemented disciplined capital allocation strategies and driven innovation- focused, enterprise-wide performance improvements to generate long-term shareholder value. Enterprise transformation and disciplined M A portfolio shaping: Over more than 18 years with SPX Corporation, culminating as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Kearney led a comprehensive enterprise transformation that included reshaping the company into a focused, higher-margin power and energy infrastructure platform generating more than $5 billion in revenue. Through rigorous capital allocation, active portfolio management and operational integration, he enhanced strategic coherence and improved performance. His leadership culminated in the successful spin-off of SPX FLOW then an approximately $2.5 billion revenue business with approximately 8,000 employees positioning both companies for long-term value creation. Global expansion and international operations: As the CEO of SPX Corporation and then SPX FLOW, Mr. Kearney led the company s global operations across 35 countries, with commercial reach in over 150 countries. He refined the company s operating model, expanded higher-value service and aftermarket offerings, and reinforced performance and reliability standards across mission-critical industrial systems. Under his leadership, the organization enhanced supply chain effectiveness, drove productivity improvements and strengthened customer engagement across complex regulatory and geographic environments. Industrial technology and innovation expertise: Mr. Kearney has a strong track record of leveraging technology to drive measurable performance improvement, enhancing data transparency and embedding continuous improvement across operations. Notably, as CEO of SPX Corporation, he spearheaded a company-wide cultural transformation that embedded technology and data-driven decision-making at the core of value creation, advancing digital capabilities, modernizing commercial and aftermarket platforms and aligning innovation investments with clear return objectives and operational performance metrics. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Eagle Marsh Holdings, LLC Managing Partner (since 2017) SPX FLOW, Inc. (former NYSE: FLOW) Non-Executive Chairman (2016-2017) Chairman, President and CEO (2015) SPX Corporation (NYSE: SPXC) Chairman, President and CEO (2007-2015) President and CEO (2004-2007) 34 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE JUDITH F. MARKS CHAIR, CEO PRESIDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 AGE: 62 BOARD COMMITTEES: None OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE: CAT) (since 2023) Hubbell, Inc. (NYSE: HUBB) (2016-2020) KEY QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCES Aftermarket sales service Corporate governance Enterprise transformation Growth strategy Industrial manufacturing Public company CEO Risk management Technology innovation Ms. Marks contributes vast global industrial leadership experience across global enterprises. A proven operator and transformation leader, she has guided complex organizations through digital modernizations, enterprise transformation and sustained operational performance improvement. As President and CEO of Otis, she led the company s successful launch as an independent public company and now oversees its 72,000 colleagues, supporting 2.5 million service portfolio units across over 200 countries and territories. Her deep insights into Otis growth strategy, operating model, culture and competitive landscape provide the Board with a valuable perspective on long-term value creation opportunities and strategic execution priorities. Digital innovation and customer-focused modernization: Ms. Marks has accelerated Otis digital transformation, including the global rollout of the Otis ONE IoT platform, which applies predictive analytics and real-time data across over 1 million connected elevators to improve uptime, service productivity and customer experience. Earlier in her career, she led technology-driven businesses, including as CEO of Siemens Government Technologies, where she advanced electrification, automation and digital solutions, and at Dresser-Rand, where she championed the deployment of complex digital systems and analytics to deliver measurable performance improvements. Aftermarket sales, service leadership and strategic transaction integration: As CEO of Siemens Government Technologies business, Ms. Marks oversaw service-oriented solutions supporting complex customer operations. She played a key role in the 2014 successful integration of Dresser-Rand following its $7.6 billion acquisition by Siemens AG, strengthening the combined aftermarket service footprint and aligning field service, parts and lifecycle solutions across the global energy offerings. Industrial, manufacturing and global operations leadership: In senior leadership roles at Lockheed Martin, Ms. Marks led business units focused on transportation, security and systems integration, driving advanced solutions across civil, aviation and government markets in the United States, United Kingdom and Australia. She has overseen large-scale production environments, complex supply chains and stringent regulatory frameworks, demonstrating disciplined operational management in highly technical, safety-critical industries. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Otis Worldwide Corporation (NYSE: OTIS) President and CEO (since 2019) President (2017-2019) Siemens AG (OTCMKTS: SIEGY) CEO, Siemens USA and Dresser-Rand (2016-2017) EVP, New Equipment Solutions, Dresser-Rand, a Siemens business (2015-2016) President and CEO, Siemens Government Technologies (2011-2015) Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) VP, Strategy and Business Development, Electronic Systems (2009-2011) President, Distribution Technologies, and President, Transportation Security Solutions (2001-2009) 35 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MARGARET M. V. PRESTON INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 AGE: 68 BOARD COMMITTEES: Nominations and Governance (Chair) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: McCormick Company (NYSE: MKC) (since 2003) KEY QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCES Audit Committee financial expert Corporate governance Growth strategy Leadership experience outside the U.S. Risk management With more than four decades in global financial management, investment banking and client-focused financial services, Ms. Preston offers the Board extensive financial and operational leadership. She leverages her deep background in board governance, regulatory oversight and risk management to strengthen Board effectiveness, succession planning and governance frameworks. Her informed judgment in navigating transformative M A transactions, cross-border integrations and compliance requirements enable her to provide rigorous oversight of global operations and sustainable business growth. Integrated financial, operational and strategic growth: In her current role as Managing Director at an investment management firm, Ms. Preston supports the oversight of a portfolio valued at several billion dollars in assets under management. At TD Bank, Ms. Preston built the largest wealth management franchise across the Bank s U.S. footprint. She drove new business development and client retention, expanding the firm s strategic referral network and scaling the wealth management platform to several billion in assets under management over three years, demonstrating her ability to align governance, performance metrics and growth objectives. Finance, investment and M A growth strategy: As Managing Director and Regional Executive of Bank of America s U.S. Trust, Ms. Preston was part of a leadership team that guided the $50 billion merger and integration with Merrill Lynch. Earlier, as CFO of Deutsche Bank s Global Private Bank, she led the cross-border integration of financial controls, governance frameworks and operating structures to ensure business continuity upon the acquisition of Bankers Trust. Global market leadership and risk management: Ms. Preston has led large-scale financial organizations across the United States and Europe, including Germany and the United Kingdom, with responsibility for P L management, regulatory compliance and financial controls in highly regulated environments. Her international leadership experience and service on public company boards equip her to provide informed oversight of global operations, complex regulatory frameworks, enterprise risk management and succession planning CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Cohen Klingenstein, LLC Managing Director (since 2021) TD Bank, N.A. (NYSE: TD) SVP and Managing Director, Northern U.S. Regional Wealth Leader (2014-2019) Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) Managing Director and Regional Executive, Private Wealth Management, U.S. Trust (2006-2014) Mercantile Safe Deposit Trust Company EVP, Wealth Management and Investments (2002-2006) Deutsche Bank AG Various leadership roles at Deutsche Bank and its predecessor companies, including CFO, Deutsche Bank Global Private Bank, Senior Business Development Office, Private Bank in America and COO, Investment Banking in the Americas (1983-2002) 36 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SHELLEY STEWART, JR. INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 AGE: 73 BOARD COMMITTEES: Compensation Nominations and Governance OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: Clean Harbors, Inc. (NYSE: CLH) (since 2022) Kontoor Brands, Inc. (NYSE: KTB) (since 2019) KEY QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCES Aftermarket sales service Enterprise transformation Industrial manufacturing Risk management Mr. Stewart is an experienced global senior leader with more than two decades of experience building, scaling and transforming global procurement and supply-chain organizations at some of the world s largest industrial companies with important aftermarket businesses. As a hands-on operator and enterprise transformation leader, he has overseen multi-billion-dollar global spend, strengthened supply-chain resilience, and delivered sustained cost, productivity and performance improvements. His deep operational expertise and proven track record overseeing strategic transactions provide valuable insight into the oversight of Otis long-term performance, global operating footprint and enterprise risk profile. Enterprise transformation and strategic transactions: At DuPont, Mr. Stewart led procurement, global sourcing and logistics, as well as real estate and facilities services. He played a significant role in the 2017 DowDuPont merger, helping to deliver approximately $1 billion in synergy savings, and supported the strategic planning and organizational design that enabled the successful, industry-transforming separation of Dow, DuPont and Corteva in 2019. Supply chain, procurement and operational excellence leadership: Mr. Stewart joined Tyco as Vice President of Supply Chain Management, where he oversaw approximately $20 billion in procurement spend, built the company s global supply chain organization and drove more than $1 billion in procurement cost reductions over three years. He later served as Senior Vice President of Operational Excellence and Chief Procurement Officer, with enterprise-wide responsibility for supply chain, information technology, facilities, real estate, trade compliance and Lean Six Sigma initiatives. Global operations and international risk oversight: During his 19-year tenure at United Technologies, including as Director of Worldwide Sourcing, Mr. Stewart managed approximately $14 billion in spend, achieved $1 billion in savings over three years and reduced the supplier base by approximately 50%. In these roles, he supported worldwide manufacturing and supply chain operations and oversaw related geopolitical, regulatory and real-estate footprint risks. Across his career, he has streamlined global supply-chain operations spanning Europe, Asia and North America. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Bottom Line Advisory LLC Managing Partner (since 2018) E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (NYSE: DD) VP, Sourcing and Logistics and Chief Procurement Officer (2012-2018) Tyco International plc (former NYSE: TYC) SVP, Operational Excellence, Chief Procurement Officer (2005-2012) VP, Supply Chain Management (2003-2005) Invensys Ltd. (former LSE: ISYS) SVP, Supply Chain (2002-2003) Raytheon Corporation (NYSE: RTX) VP, Supply Chain (2000-2002) United Technologies Corporation (former NYSE: UTX) Director, Worldwide Sourcing; various leadership and operations positions at UTC subsidiaries including Norden Systems, Inc. and Hamilton Sunstrand (1982-2000) 37 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE JOHN H. WALKER INDEPENDENT LEAD DIRECTOR DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 AGE: 68 BOARD COMMITTEES: Compensation OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS: O-I Glass, Inc. (NYSE: OI) (2019-2024) Nucor Corporation (NYSE: NUE) (2008-2023) United Continental Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: UAL) (2002-2016) Delphi Corporation (former NYSE: DLPH) (2005-2009) KEY QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCES Corporate governance Enterprise transformation Growth strategy Industrial manufacturing Public company CEO Risk management Mr. Walker is a global industrial and manufacturing enterprise leader, with more than three decades of leadership expertise in enterprise transformation, operational turnarounds, growth strategy and sustained value creation. As CEO, he has led numerous industrial and steel companies, including metal businesses specializing in copper, steel and aluminum manufacturing. His background provides the Board with a valuable oversight perspective on global supply chain dynamics, productivity optimization, leading employee safety practices and profitable global expansion. Enterprise transformation and rigorous financial leadership: As CEO of Global Brass and Copper, Mr. Walker led the company through significant operational improvements and strategic repositioning initiatives, strengthening the company s market leadership and successfully positioning its $88.5 million initial public offering. Previously, as CEO of Weirton Steel Corporation, he successfully navigated the company through a highly volatile operating environment and restructuring process, restoring stability and enhancing long-term competitiveness in a cyclical industry. Manufacturing strategy and industry-relevant operational performance: Mr. Walker s executive leadership across industrial companies with safety-critical operations has equipped him with deep expertise in driving operational excellence, disciplined cost structures and productivity enhancements through evolving market environments. His expertise includes leading the expansion and strategic repositioning of a company s aftermarket business, increasing the proportion of recurring, service-related revenue and strengthening earnings durability. Corporate governance and risk oversight: With more than 20 years of public company board experience, Mr. Walker brings strong capabilities in board effectiveness, risk oversight, succession planning and governance best practices across global organizations. He has served on boards during periods of market disruption and transformation, providing balanced judgment and a pragmatic, multi-stakeholder perspective that supports long-term strategic execution and disciplined risk management. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Global Brass and Copper Holdings, Inc. (former NYSE: BRSS) Executive Chairman (2013-2014) CEO (2007-2014) The Boler Company President and CEO (2003-2006) Weirton Steel Corporation (former NYSE: WS) CEO (2001-2003) 38 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Nominee skills and attributes matrix We are proud of the breadth, depth and diversity of skills and expertise that our Board possesses. No one skill is more important than the other, and the strength of our Board and committees comes from its collective perspectives. The chart below and the biographical information for each director nominee above illustrate the range of key skills, attributes and areas of expertise represented on our Board. The absence of a for a particular skill or attribute does not mean the director is unable to contribute to the decision-making process in that area. Bartlett Black Brannon Connors Hannan Kearney Marks Preston Stewart, Jr. Walker Aftermarket sales service Audit Committee financial expert Corporate governance Enterprise transformation Growth strategy Industrial manufacturing Leadership experience outside the U.S. Public company CEO Risk management Technology innovation Gender Identity Male Male Female Female Female Male Female Female Male Male African American or Black Alaskan Native or Native American White 39 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director independence Objectivity and independence of thought are critical attributes for all our Board members, enabling our Board as a whole to respect and consider the broad range of viewpoints offered by our diverse directors. To further ensure that our directors are guided by independent thought and interest, the Board, under the Corporate Governance Guidelines, requires that a substantial majority of directors be independent in accordance with applicable law and the listing standards of the NYSE. Independence determinations by the Board are further guided by the Board s Director Independence Policy (available at www.otisinvestors.com/governance/governance-documents). In accordance with the policy, a director is considered independent if the Board makes an affirmative determination, after consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances, that the director does not have a material relationship with Otis (other than as a director) either directly or as a partner, shareholder or executive officer of another entity that has a relationship with Otis. When assessing the materiality of a director s relationship with Otis, the Board considers the issue both from the director s standpoint and from that of persons or organizations affiliated with the director. Before joining the Board and annually thereafter, the Nominations and Governance Committee conducts an assessment for each nominee and director that considers all known relevant facts and circumstances about relationships bearing on the independence of the nominee/director. This assessment is based on a questionnaire completed by the nominee/director, as well as company information about sales and purchases of products and services in the ordinary course of business, as well as other transactions, between Otis (including its subsidiaries) and other companies or charitable organizations, where directors and nominees (and their immediate family members) may have relationships pertinent to the independence determination. The assessment also examines relationships that may affect heightened independence standards that apply to members of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. Following its assessments in connection with the nomination of the 10 incumbent directors to the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting, the Nominations and Governance Committee has concluded, and the Board affirmatively determined, that all of the directors other than Judith F. Marks, who is employed by Otis as Chief Executive Officer are independent under Otis Director Independence Policy and the NYSE listing standards. This is because none of the directors, other than Ms. Marks, has a business, financial, family or other relationship with Otis that is considered material. Board engagement Board and committee attendance Throughout 2025, the Board members engaged in robust and frequent interaction among themselves as well as with Otis senior management, key personnel and advisors. Each Board member participated actively, contributing unique and varied perspectives that allowed the Board as a whole to provide comprehensive and well-reasoned guidance to Otis. Our Board and its committees met frequently in 2025. 2025 MEETINGS Board 5 99% attendance Audit Committee 7 Compensation Committee 6 Nominations and Governance Committee 4 All of our directors are expected to virtually attend the 2026 Annual Meeting. 40 // 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Engagement with management The Board engaged continuously with management throughout 2025. Management was present at each Board and committee meeting, providing opportunities for formal and informal interactions. Throughout the year, certain directors met with management relative to committee work and to provide support and offer guidance relative to areas of expertise. The Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that each Board member has full access to Otis management. Regular, thorough and clear communication with management is supported by the following practices adopted by the Board: Meeting agendas and material. The Lead Director and the chairs of each committee meet with the Chair and CEO and key management to develop streamlined and informative materials and presentations for Board and committee meetings. Intermeeting updates. In addition to the materials provided in connection with Board and committee meetings, management regularly provides the Board updates on business operations, key customer engagements, communication with investors, sustainability topics and other key initiatives, such as cybersecurity controls, through written communications and in-depth conversations. Resource material. Board members receive a daily weekday summary of industry-related and Otis-specific news. Engagement with shareholders At Otis, active, year-round dialogue with our shareholders is a cornerstone of our long-term shareholder value creation strategy. We view shareholder feedback as a critical input when evaluating changes to our strategy, governance, compensation and business stewardship practices. This dialogue supports the Board s ability to effectively anticipate emerging investor priority areas, strengthen investor trust and maintain accountability in a rapidly evolving market environment. To better understand investor perspectives and take meaningful actions to address shareholder concerns in 2025, the Board determined to do an expanded, stewardship-focused shareholder engagement program in both of the Spring and Fall. These conversations informed key governance and compensation program changes that we believe are directly responsive to shareholder feedback and reinforce our commitment to transparency and leading governance practices. They also reflected shareholders alignment with Otis overall strategy and support for our CEO s leadership. 2025 SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT PROGRAM OVERVIEW Management met with ~80% of our top 50 a