=== SJM_2025-06-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Company Background At The J. M. Smucker Co., it is our privilege to make food people and pets love by offering a diverse family of brands available across North America. We are proud to lead in the coffee, peanut butter, fruit spreads, frozen handheld, sweet baked goods, dog snacks, and cat food categories by offering brands consumers trust for themselves and their families each day, including Folgers , Dunkin , Caf Bustelo , Jif , Uncrustables , Smucker s , Hostess , Milk-Bone , and Meow Mix . Through our unwavering commitment to producing quality products, operating responsibly and ethically, and delivering on our Purpose, we will continue to grow our business while making a positive impact on society. We have four reportable segments: U.S. Retail Coffee, U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads, U.S. Retail Pet Foods, and Sweet Baked Snacks. These segments in total comprised 86 percent of consolidated net sales in 2025 and represent a major portion of our strategic focus the sale of branded food and beverage products with leadership positions to consumers through retail outlets in North America. Products within our U.S. retail market segments are primarily sold through a combination of direct sales and brokers to food retailers, club stores, discount and dollar stores, online retailers, pet specialty stores, drug stores, military commissaries, mass merchandisers, and distributors. The Sweet Baked Snacks segment includes products distributed across all channels, both domestically and in foreign countries, such as supermarket chains, convenience stores, national mass retailers, discount and dollar stores, club stores, the vending channel, drug stores, and military commissaries. International and Away From Home includes the sale of all products that are distributed in foreign countries through retail channels, as well as domestically and in foreign countries through foodservice distributors and operators (e.g., healthcare operators, restaurants, educational institutions, offices, lodging and gaming establishments, and convenience stores). Strategic Overview We remain rooted in our Basic Beliefs to Be Bold , Be Kind , Do the Right Thing , Play to Win , and Thrive Together . Our Basic Beliefs are the core of our unique corporate culture, serving as the foundation for decision-making and how we interact with our colleagues and partners. While our Basic Beliefs have evolved over time as we have grown, we remain unwavering in our commitment to these core values and recognize how we are called to act upon them will continue to transform as the world around us does. In addition, we have been led by five generations of family leadership, having had only six chief executive officers in over 125 years. This continuity of management and thought extends to the broader leadership team that embodies the values and embraces the business practices that have contributed to our consistent growth. Our strategic vision is to engage, delight, and inspire consumers by building brands they love and leading in growing categories. This vision is our long-term direction that guides business priorities and aligns our organization. As a company of iconic brands and new favorites, we will continue to drive balanced, long-term growth, primarily in North America. Further, we will continue to guide the transformation of our business by advancing our strategy of leading in the attractive categories of pet, coffee, and snacking. Our strategic growth objectives include net sales increasing by a low single-digit percentage and operating income excluding non-GAAP adjustments ( adjusted operating income ) increasing by a mid-single-digit percentage on average over the long term. Related to income per diluted share excluding non-GAAP adjustments ( adjusted earnings per share ), our strategic growth objective is to increase by a high single-digit percentage over the long term. We expect organic growth, including new products, to drive much of our top-line growth, while the contribution from acquisitions will vary from year to year. Our non-GAAP adjustments include amortization expense and impairment charges related to intangible assets, certain divestiture, acquisition, integration, and restructuring costs ( special project costs ), gains and losses on divestitures, the net change in 28 cumulative unallocated gains and losses on commodity and foreign currency exchange derivative activities ( change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses ), and other infrequently occurring items that do not directly reflect ongoing operating results. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this discussion and analysis for additional information. Due to the unknown and potentially prolonged impact of the inflationary environment and challenged supply network, we may experience difficulties or be delayed in achieving our long-term strategies; however, we continue to evaluate the effects of the macroeconomic environment on our long-term growth objectives. Over the past five years, net sales, adjusted operating income, and adjusted earnings per share increased at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 2 percent, 4 percent, and 3 percent, respectively. These changes were primarily driven by an increase in net sales from the acquisition of Hostess Brands, partially offset by the reduction in net sales from the divested Voortman business and certain Sweet Baked Snacks value brands in 2025, Sahale Snacks and Canada condiment businesses in 2024, certain pet food brands in 2023, the private label dry pet food and natural beverage and grains businesses in 2022, and the Crisco and Natural Balance businesses in 2021. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 1 percent over the past five years. Our cash deployment strategy is to balance reinvesting in our business through acquisitions and capital expenditures with returning cash to our shareholders through the payment of dividends and share repurchases. Our deployment strategy also includes a significant focus on debt repayment. Acquisition On November 7, 2023, we completed a cash and stock transaction to acquire Hostess Brands. The total purchase consideration in connection with the acquisition was $5.4 billion, which reflects an exchange offer of all outstanding shares of Hostess Brands common stock at a price of $34.25 per share, consisting of $30.00 in cash and 0.03002 shares of our common shares, based on the closing stock price on September 8, 2023, that were exchanged for each share of Hostess Brands common stock as of the transaction date. The purchase price included the issuance of approximately 4.0 million of our common shares to Hostess Brands shareholders, valued at $450.2. In addition, we paid $3.9 billion in cash, net of cash acquired, and assumed $991.0 of debt from Hostess Brands and $67.8 of an other debt-like item, reflecting consideration transferred for the cash payment of Hostess Brands employee equity awards. New debt of $5.0 billion was borrowed, consisting of $3.5 billion in Senior Notes, an $800.0 senior unsecured delayed-draw Term Loan Credit Agreement ( Term Loan ), and $700.0 of short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program to partially fund the transaction and pay off the debt assumed as part of the acquisition. Hostess Brands is a manufacturer and marketer of sweet baked goods brands including Hostess Donettes , Twinkies , CupCakes , DingDongs , Zingers , CoffeeCakes , HoHos , Mini Muffins , and Fruit Pies , and the Voortman cookie brand at the acquisition date. In addition to its headquarters in Lenexa, Kansas, the transaction included six manufacturing facilities located in Emporia, Kansas; Burlington, Ontario; Chicago, Illinois; Columbus, Georgia; Indianapolis, Indiana; and Arkadelphia, Arkansas, a distribution facility in Edgerton, Kansas, and a commercial center of excellence in Chicago, Illinois at the acquisition date. During 2025, the acquired business contributed net sales of $1,178.8. We anticipate cost synergies of approximately $100.0, which are expected to be achieved by the end of 2026. To date, we have achieved cost synergies of approximately $86.0, of which approximately $75.0 was achieved during 2025. For additional information, refer to Note 2: Acquisition. Divestitures On March 3, 2025, we sold certain Sweet Baked Snacks value brands to JTM. The transaction included certain trademarks and licenses, a manufacturing facility in Chicago, Illinois, and approximately 400 employees who supported the business. Under our ownership, these Sweet Baked Snacks value brands generated net sales of approximately $48.4 and $30.0 in 2025 and 2024, respectively, which were included in the Sweet Baked Snacks segment. Net proceeds from the divestiture were $34.6, inclusive of the final working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs. We recognized a pre-tax loss of $44.2 during 2025, within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Statement of Consolidated Income (Loss) and Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. On December 2, 2024, we sold the Voortman business to Second Nature. The transaction included products sold under the Voortman brand, inclusive of certain trademarks, a leased manufacturing facility in Burlington, Ontario, and approximately 300 employees who supported the business. Under our ownership, the Voortman business generated net sales of approximately $86.3 and $65.0 in 2025 and 2024, respectively, which were included in the Sweet Baked Snacks segment. Net proceeds from the divestiture were $291.4, inclusive of the final working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs. We recognized a pre-tax loss of $265.9 during 2025, within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Statement of Consolidated Income (Loss) and Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. On January 2, 2024, we sold the Canada condiment business to TreeHouse Foods. The transaction included Bick s pickles, Habitant pickled beets, Woodman s horseradish, and McLarens pickled onions brands, inclusive of certain trademarks. Under 29 our ownership, these brands generated net sales of $43.8 and $61.6 in 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were included in the International operating segment. Final net proceeds from the divestiture were $25.3, inclusive of a working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs. Upon completion of this transaction during 2024, we recognized a pre-tax loss of $5.7, within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Statement of Consolidated Income (Loss) and Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. On November 1, 2023, we sold the Sahale Snacks business to Second Nature. The transaction included products sold under the Sahale Snacks brand, inclusive of certain trademarks and licensing agreements, a leased manufacturing facility in Seattle, Washington, and approximately 100 employees who supported the brand. Under our ownership, the Sahale Snacks brand generated net sales of $24.1 and $48.4 in 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily included in the U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads segment. Final net proceeds from the divestiture were $31.6, inclusive of a working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs. Upon completion of this transaction during 2024, we recognized a pre-tax loss of $6.7, within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Statement of Consolidated Income (Loss) and Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. On April 28, 2023, we sold certain pet food brands to Post. The transaction included the Rachael Ray Nutrish , 9Lives , Kibbles n Bits , Nature s Recipe , and Gravy Train brands, as well as the private label pet food business, inclusive of certain trademarks and licensing agreements, manufacturing and distribution facilities in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, manufacturing facilities in Meadville, Pennsylvania and Lawrence, Kansas, and approximately 1,100 employees who supported these pet food brands. Under our ownership, these brands generated net sales of $1.5 billion in 2023, primarily included in the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. Final net proceeds from the divestiture were $1.2 billion, consisting of $683.9 in cash, net of a working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs, and approximately 5.4 million shares of Post common stock, valued at $491.6 at the close of the transaction. We recognized a pre-tax loss of $1.0 billion upon completion of this transaction during 2023, within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Statement of Consolidated Income (Loss) and Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. During 2024, we finalized the working capital adjustment and transaction costs, which resulted in an immaterial adjustment to the pre-tax loss. Furthermore, during 2024, we entered into equity forward derivative transactions under an agreement with an unrelated third-party to facilitate the forward sale of the Post common stock. All 5.4 million shares of Post common stock were settled for $466.3 under the equity forward contract on November 15, 2023. For additional information, see Note 10: Derivative Financial Instruments. For additional information, refer to Note 3: Divestitures. Trends Affecting our Business During 2025, we continued to experience input cost inflation and a dynamic and evolving macroeconomic environment, inclusive of tariffs, regulatory and policy changes, and changes in consumer behaviors, which we anticipate will persist into 2026. Further, the higher costs have required price increases across our business, and we anticipate the price elasticity of demand could remain elevated into 2026 as consumers continue to experience broader inflationary pressures and are selective in their spending. In response to the inflationary pressures, we continue to focus on the delivery of our company-wide transformation initiative to deliberately translate our continuous improvement mindset into sustainable productivity initiatives in order to grow our profit margins and reinvest in the Company to enable future growth and cost savings. In addition, it is possible significant disruptions in our supply chain could occur if certain geopolitical events continue to impact markets around the world, including the impact of potential shipping delays due to supply and demand imbalances, as well as labor shortages and tariffs. We also continue to work closely with our customers and external business partners, taking additional actions to ensure safety, business continuity, and maximize product availability. We have maintained production at all our facilities and availability of appointments at distribution centers. Furthermore, we have implemented measures to manage order volumes to ensure a consistent supply across our retail partners during periods of high demand. However, to the extent that high demand levels or supply chain disruptions delay order fulfillment, we may experience volume loss and elevated penalties. Although we do not have any operations in Russia, Ukraine, Israel, Palestine, China or Taiwan, we continue to monitor the environment for any significant escalation or expansion of economic or supply chain disruptions, including broader inflationary costs and the impact of tariffs, as well as regional or global economic recessions. Overall, broad-based supply chain disruptions and the impact of inflation remain uncertain. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent to which supply chain disruptions and inflation will impact our business, supply chain, including labor availability and attrition, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 30 Results of Operations This discussion and analysis deals with comparisons of material changes in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended April 30, 2025 and 2024. For the comparisons of the years ended April 30, 2024 and 2023, see the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Year Ended April 30, 2025 2024 % Increase (Decrease) Net sales $ 8,726.1 $ 8,178.7 7 % Gross profit $ 3,384.7 $ 3,115.4 9 % of net sales 38.8 % 38.1 % Operating income (loss) $ (673.9) $ 1,305.8 n/m % of net sales (7.7) % 16.0 % Net income (loss): Net income (loss) $ (1,230.8) $ 744.0 n/m Net income (loss) per common share assuming dilution $ (11.57) $ 7.13 n/m Adjusted gross profit (A) $ 3,335.6 $ 3,111.6 7 % of net sales 38.2 % 38.0 % Adjusted operating income (A) $ 1,824.7 $ 1,636.2 12 % of net sales 20.9 % 20.0 % Adjusted income: (A) Income $ 1,078.8 $ 1,038.0 4 Earnings per share assuming dilution $ 10.12 $ 9.94 2 (A) We use non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our performance. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this discussion and analysis for a reconciliation to the comparable generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) financial measure. Net Sales Year Ended April 30, 2025 2024 Increase (Decrease) % Net sales $ 8,726.1 $ 8,178.7 $ 547.4 7 % Hostess Brands acquisition (669.3) (669.3) (8) Sweet Baked Snacks value brands divestiture (11.2) 11.2 Voortman divestiture (54.9) 54.9 1 Canada condiment divestiture (43.8) 43.8 1 Sahale Snacks divestiture (24.1) 24.1 Foreign currency exchange 10.7 10.7 Net sales excluding acquisition, divestitures, and foreign currency exchange (A) $ 8,067.5 $ 8,044.7 $ 22.8 % Amounts may not add due to rounding . (A) Net sales excluding acquisition, divestitures, and foreign currency exchange is a non-GAAP financial measure used to evaluate performance internally. This measure provides useful information to investors because it enables comparison of results on a year-over-year basis. Net sales in 2025 increased $547.4, or 7 percent, which includes incremental net sales in the current year of $669.3 related to the Hostess Brands acquisition, partially offset by $134.0 of noncomparable net sales in the prior year related to divestitures. Net sales excluding acquisition, divestitures, and foreign currency exchange increased $22.8. Net price realization contributed 2 percentage points to net sales, reflecting higher net pricing for coffee, partially offset by lower net pricing for sweet baked goods, dog snacks, and cat food. Volume/mix decreased net sales by 2 percentage points, primarily driven by lower contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands and decreases for coffee, dog snacks, and sweet baked goods, partially offset by increases for Uncrustables sandwiches and cat food. 31 Operating Income (Loss) The following table presents the components of operating income (loss) as a percentage of net sales. Year Ended April 30, 2025 2024 Gross profit 38.8 % 38.1 % Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses: Marketing 3.3 % 3.2 % Advertising 2.1 2.2 Selling 3.0 3.1 Distribution 3.3 3.2 General and administrative 5.9 6.0 Total selling, distribution, and administrative expenses 17.5 % 17.7 % Amortization 2.5 2.3 Goodwill impairment charges 19.0 Other intangible assets impairment charges 3.7 Other special project costs 0.4 1.6 Loss (gain) on divestitures net 3.6 0.2 Other operating expense (income) net (0.2) 0.4 Operating income (loss) (7.7) % 16.0 % Amounts may not add due to rounding. Gross profit increased $269.3, or 9 percent, in 2025, primarily reflecting the noncomparable benefit of Hostess Brands and higher net price realization, partially offset by higher costs, the noncomparable impact of divestitures, and unfavorable volume/mix. Operating income (loss) decreased $1,979.7, primarily reflecting pre-tax noncash impairment charges of $1,661.6 and $320.9 related to the goodwill of the Sweet Baked Snacks reporting unit and Hostess brand indefinite-lived trademark, respectively, the $310.1 net pre-tax loss on divestitures, reflecting the $44.2 and $265.9 pre-tax losses on the divestiture of certain Sweet Baked Snacks value brands and the Voortman business, respectively, and an $82.8 increase in selling, distribution, and administrative ( SD A ) expenses. These impacts were partially offset by the increase in gross profit, a $94.4 decrease in other special project costs primarily related to integration costs associated with the acquisition of Hostess Brands, and lapping a $39.1 charge in the prior year related to the termination of a supplier agreement. Our non-GAAP adjustments include amortization expense and impairment charges related to intangible assets, special project costs, gains and losses on divestitures, the change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses, and other infrequently occurring items that do not directly reflect ongoing operating results. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this discussion and analysis for additional information. Gross profit excluding non-GAAP adjustments ( adjusted gross profit ), increased $224.0, or 7 percent, as compared to the prior year, primarily reflecting the exclusion of the change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses and the exclusion of special project costs as compared to GAAP gross profit. Adjusted operating income, which further reflects the exclusion of the noncash impairment charges of $2.0 billion associated with the goodwill of the Sweet Baked Snacks reporting unit and Hostess brand indefinite-lived trademark, the $310.1 net pre-tax loss on divestitures, and other special project costs as compared to GAAP operating income, increased $188.5, or 12 percent, as compared to the prior year. Interest Expense Net interest expense increased $124.4, or 47 percent, in 2025, primarily due to increased interest expense related to the new Senior Notes issued during 2024 to partially finance the acquisition of Hostess Brands. For additional information, refer to Note 8: Debt and Financing Arrangements. Income Taxes Income taxes increased $68.4 in 2025, as compared to the prior year. The effective income tax rate for 2025 varied from the U.S. statutory income tax rate of 21.0 percent primarily due to state income taxes and the unfavorable permanent impacts associated with the goodwill impairment charges for the Sweet Baked Snacks reporting unit and the sale of the Voortman business, partially offset by favorable noncash deferred tax benefits associated with the integration of Hostess Brands into our Co 32 mpany and certain state legislative changes enacted during the year. The effective income tax rate for 2024 varied from the U.S. statutory income tax rate of 21.0 percent primarily due to state income taxes and unfavorable tax impacts associated with the acquisition of Hostess Brands, partially offset by a favorable tax impact of the sale of the Sahale Snacks business. We anticipate a full-year effective income tax rate for 2026 to be approximately 23.8 percent. For additional information, refer to Note 14: Income Taxes. Special Project Costs Divestiture Costs : Total divestiture costs incurred to date related to the divested Sahale Snacks and Canada condiment businesses were $6.4, which included $4.3 and $2.1 of employee-related and other transition and termination costs, respectively. We incurred divestiture costs of $0.9 and $5.5 during 2025 and 2024, respectively, which primarily consisted of employee-related costs and a noncash gain related to a lease termination in 2025. As of April 30, 2025, we do not anticipate any additional costs to be incurred related to these divestiture activities. Furthermore, we identified opportunities to address certain distribution inefficiencies, as a result of the divestitures. We anticipate incurring approximately $12.0 of costs related to these efforts, consisting primarily of other transition and termination charges. The majority of these costs are expected to be cash charges and incurred by the end of 2026. We have recognized total cumulative costs of $6.5 during 2025, primarily consisting of other transition and termination costs. For additional information, see Note 3: Divestitures. Integration Costs : Total integration costs related to the acquisition of Hostess Brands are anticipated to be approximately $190.0 and include transaction costs, employee-related costs, and other transition and termination charges, with the majority expected to be cash charges. We have recognized total cumulative integration costs of $184.9, of which $37.5 were recognized during 2025. We anticipate the remaining integration costs will be incurred by the end of 2026 and are expected to be split between employee-related and other transition and termination costs. Restructuring Costs : On May 27, 2025, we announced plans to close our Indianapolis, Indiana manufacturing facility, which manufactures Hostess branded products, and consolidate operations into other existing facilities by early calendar year 2026 to further optimize operations for our Sweet Baked Snacks segment. We anticipate incurring approximately $75.0 of costs related to these efforts, consisting of $60.0 in noncash charges for accelerated depreciation and $15.0 in employee-related and other transition and termination costs. For further information on these costs, refer to Note 4: Special Project Costs. Commodities Overview The raw materials we use in each of our segments are primarily commodities, agricultural-based products, and packaging materials. The most significant of these materials, based on 2025 annual spend, are green coffee, peanuts, oils and fats, flour, sugar, and fruit. Green coffee, corn, certain meals, oils, and grains are traded on active regulated exchanges, and the price of these commodities fluctuates based on market conditions. Derivative instruments, including futures and options, are used to minimize the impact of price volatility for these commodities. We source green coffee from more than 20 coffee-producing countries. Its price is subject to high volatility due to factors such as weather, global supply and demand, product scarcity, plant disease, investor speculation, geopolitical conflicts, changes in governmental agricultural and energy policies and regulation, political and economic conditions in the source countries, and tariffs. We source peanuts and oils and fats mainly from North America. We are one of the largest roasters of peanuts in the U.S. and frequently enter into long-term purchase contracts for various periods of time to mitigate the risk of a shortage of this commodity. The oils we purchase are mainly palm, soybean, and peanut. The price of peanuts, protein meals, and oils is driven primarily by weather, which impacts crop sizes and yield, as well as global demand, especially from large importing countries such as China and India. We frequently enter into long-term contracts to purchase plastic containers, which are sourced mainly within the U.S. Plastic resin is made from petrochemical feedstock and natural gas feedstock, and the price can be influenced by feedstock, energy, and crude oil prices as well as global economic and geopolitical conditions. Excluding the impact of derivative gains and losses, our overall commodity costs in 2025 were higher than in 2024, primarily due to higher costs for green coffee, corn, and meals. 33 Segment Results We have four reportable segments: U.S. Retail Coffee, U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads, U.S. Retail Pet Foods, and Sweet Baked Snacks. The presentation of International and Away From Home represents a combination of all other operating segments that are not individually reportable. The U.S. Retail Coffee segment primarily includes the domestic sales of Folgers , Dunkin , and Caf Bustelo branded coffee; the U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads segment primarily includes the domestic sales of Uncustables , Jif , and Smucker s branded products; the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment primarily includes the domestic sales of Meow Mix , Milk-Bone , Pup-Peroni , and Canine Carry Outs branded products; and the Sweet Baked Snacks segment primarily includes all domestic and foreign sales of Hostess branded products in all channels. With the exception of Sweet Baked Snacks products, International and Away From Home includes the sale of all products that are distributed in foreign countries through retail channels, as well as domestically and in foreign countries through foodservice distributors and operators (e.g., healthcare operators, restaurants, educational institutions, offices, lodging and gaming establishments, and convenience stores). Year Ended April 30, 2025 2024 % Increase (Decrease) Net sales: U.S. Retail Coffee $ 2,806.6 $ 2,704.4 4 % U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads 1,877.0 1,815.6 3 U.S. Retail Pet Foods 1,663.6 1,822.8 (9) Sweet Baked Snacks 1,178.8 637.3 85 International and Away From Home 1,200.1 1,198.6 Segment profit: U.S. Retail Coffee $ 795.1 $ 759.2 5 % U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads 425.3 434.1 (2) U.S. Retail Pet Foods 459.6 402.1 14 Sweet Baked Snacks 219.8 138.2 59 International and Away From Home 247.4 208.1 19 Segment profit margin: U.S. Retail Coffee 28.3 % 28.1 % U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads 22.7 23.9 U.S. Retail Pet Foods 27.6 22.1 Sweet Baked Snacks 18.6 21.7 International and Away From Home 20.6 17.4 U.S. Retail Coffee The U.S. Retail Coffee segment net sales increased $102.2 in 2025. Net price realization increased net sales by 5 percentage points, primarily driven by higher net pricing for the Folgers and Caf Bustelo brands, partially offset by lower net pricing for the Dunkin brand. Volume/mix decreased net sales by 2 percentage points, primarily reflecting decreases for the Folgers and Dunkin brands, partially offset by an increase for the Caf Bustelo brand. Segment profit increased $35.9, primarily reflecting higher net price realization, lapping a $39.1 charge in the prior year related to the termination of a supplier agreement, lower marketing spend, and favorable property taxes, partially offset by higher commodity costs and unfavorable volume/mix. U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld