=== PFG_2026-04-06.htm.gz ===
tm2529976-1_nonfiling - none - 40.2932775s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter to shareholders From our Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer What an extraordinary year this has been. Twelve months into the CEO role, I have had the privilege of leading nearly 20,000 exceptional employees in addressing the evolving financial needs of 75 million Principal customers. 1 Our goal is to help more people and businesses access financial security, which is both meaningful and motivating work. This past year we focused on accelerating critical strategic initiatives while building skills and momentum positioning the Company to continue delivering on the promises made to our customers and preparing for the opportunities ahead. I could not be more excited about our trajectory or more confident in our ability to create lasting value for you, our shareholders. I started the year with clear intent: to build connections. I spent more than 120 days on the road, engaging with employees, clients, investors, and global industry leaders. These conversations reaffirmed three important truths: 1. Our strategy is sound. We remain focused on three attractive profit pools where growth is stronger, returns are higher, and our integrated business model creates distinct advantages: the retirement ecosystem, small and midsized businesses, and global asset management. These are areas where we have earned the right to win, and we re continuing to do so. 2. Our commitment to expanding financial access has never been more critical. In a world of unprecedented change, we continue to seek insights across the global landscape including our fourth annual Global Financial Inclusion Index to understand the challenges and opportunities that exist for people around the globe related to financial access and inclusion. This knowledge guides important, long-term decisions as we invest in initiatives designed to help close those gaps. 3. Our culture is a key differentiator. During a year filled with social unrest, geopolitical challenges, and macroeconomic pressures, our culture shone through. Our employees around the globe came together to achieve individual and team goals. Ninety-two percent of them completed our inaugural company-wide data and AI literacy training. And they volunteered in their communities at an unprecedented level. These efforts had a unifying effect: our employee engagement index reached 86% in 2025, surpassing our goal and supporting our ability to more effectively innovate and execute. Strategy in action I am grateful for the continuity and support that surrounded my move into the CEO role pursuing the strategy co-architected with my predecessor and benefiting from the full support of our Board and executive team. We remain fully confident in both the direction we are heading and our plan to get there. This strong foundation has enabled us to spend the past year focused on how we can improve execution and continue turning strategy into timely and meaningful action. We outlined four strategic priorities for 2025 and the key initiatives required to drive strong results. Here are a few highlights of our success bringing these strategic priorities to life: Expand value across the retirement ecosystem Let s start with the retirement ecosystem, in which we offer a comprehensive suite of capabilities across retirement recordkeeping, asset management, wealth management, and income solutions. We re seeing strong momentum across key metrics. We affirmed our ability to win new business and retain existing clients in a competitive retirement marketplace. Transfer deposits grew 9% year over year, and recurring deposits increased 5%. Participant engagement also grew, with increases in both the number of participants deferring and their average deferrals. And participant roll-ins were up 15%, as participants consolidate retirement savings from previous employers onto our platform. Principal continues to be a top provider for Pension Risk Transfers (PRT) with a #4 ranking in assets according to LIMRA. 2 Notably, nearly a quarter of 2025 PRT premiums came from existing clients, highlighting the power of our integrated retirement solutions. Our retirement investment expertise continues to gain traction, and we added key talent to support these initiatives. Additionally, we expanded our target date offerings to include personalized and passive options, addressing a broader spectrum of plan sponsor needs. 1 As of December 31, 2025. 2 LIMRA, U.S. Group Annuity Risk Transfer Survey, Q4 2025. TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter to shareholders Transform and grow global asset management Our success continues to stem from favored access across the U.S. retirement ecosystem, a large and diverse global institutional client base, an at-scale and expanding private market platform, and long-standing international partnerships in high-growth markets. We maintained strong performance with core private market capabilities, reinforcing our leadership in this space and successfully growing our AUM to $95 billion, with strong performance in our real estate franchise and $16 billion coming from non-real estate capabilities. Sales in private markets grew 50%, contributing to a 16% year-over-year increase in Investment Management gross sales. We saw nice momentum with our exchange-traded fund (ETF) platform, helping us provide solutions that meet evolving customer needs. Assets under management (AUM) for our ETFs reached a record $9 billion. Within our general account, we continue to achieve strong results, with AUM of $75 billion, up 9% year over year, and more than $4 billion of positive net cash flow in 2025. The strength of our diversified global platform and our commitment to high-growth international markets was evident in record AUM for International Pension, up 24% to $154 billion. Continue above-market SMB growth We ve long been a leader in providing holistic employee benefits and retirement solutions tailored to SMBs, capitalizing on strong relationships, focus, and market insight in this underserved segment. Our deep expertise with this segment continues to pay off. In retirement, we saw strong new business activity and retention, underscoring our ability to serve this market. SMB recurring deposits grew 8% in 2025, and transfer deposits increased 32%. In benefits and protection, we continue to deepen customer relationships. Our group benefits customers now have over three products with us, up nearly 3% compared to 2024. We continue to see employment growth from our block, reflecting the resilience of this market segment and the value we deliver to help employers attract and retain talent. Strong demand continues for specialized solutions that help business owners protect their key assets, and our offerings are resonating. As one example, Life Business Market premium and fees grew 15% in 2025. Advance organizational efficiency and performance We are continually working to position Principal for long-term growth and financial strength. Notable examples include: We deployed more than 100 artificial intelligence (AI) use cases, expected to generate significant savings over the next five years, while strengthening responsible use of AI through scalable risk assessments enabled by our ethical framework. Margins strengthened across the enterprise, expanding 80 basis points, to 31% 3 for full-year 2025. This improvement was driven by top-line growth and disciplined expense management, all while continuing to invest in strategic growth initiatives. We executed three portfolio transactions that redeployed capital toward core growth platforms, demonstrating willingness to make difficult choices that focus resources on highest-impact opportunities. Generating value for you 2025 marked another year we ve hit our enterprise financial targets, showcasing the strength and quality of our execution: 3 Based on Non-GAAP pre-tax operating earnings divided by net revenue. See Non-GAAP reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in Appendix B. 4 Non-GAAP financial measures. See definitions of these measures on Page 2 and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in Appendix B. TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter to shareholders In addition: We ended 2025 with $781 billion of total company assets under management and $1.8 trillion in assets under administration. We continue to be in a strong capital position, with excess and available capital of $1.6 billion, including statutory risk-based capital (RBC) ratio for Principal Life Insurance Company of 406%. Our momentum and robust capital generation enable us to invest in growth while continuing to deliver attractive returns. We returned more than $1.5 billion to shareholders during the year, including $851 million in share repurchases and $684 million in dividends, aligned with our capital deployment strategy. We remain committed to maximizing your investment in Principal. Delivering these results in one of the most volatile macro environments in recent years required disciplined decision-making and flexibility. Last year s performance showcases our clear strategy, consistent execution, and the power of our diversified and resilient business mix. I m proud of our team s diligence and commitment. Looking ahead With a strong capital position and momentum across our strategic growth areas, we enter 2026 well positioned to meet our financial targets for a third consecutive year. I ve asked every employee to commit to pursuing our strategy with sharpened focus and execution in 2026, using all the tools available to us. This includes leveraging our increased fluency with AI to drive efficiency, innovation, and problem-solving across the enterprise. I know the environment will remain volatile, so discipline will continue to be a focus; our strong track record is proof our employees are up to the challenge. We ll continue to drive growth and progress while staying true to the core values that serve as our foundation: I want to thank my predecessor and mentor, Dan Houston, our executive team, our Board of Directors, our amazing employees and financial professionals, and each one of you for ensuring this leadership transition was a smooth one and making my first year as CEO so successful. It was everything I anticipated and more. I m excited for all that s ahead for Principal and proud of our talented team members who dedicate each day to helping more people and businesses gain access to financial security. We are fortunate to do this important work, and your investment in us makes it possible. Thank you. Deanna D. Strable-Soethout Chair, President, and CEO Principal Financial Group TABLE OF CONTENTS From our Board of Directors From our Lead Independent Director on behalf of the Board of Directors 2025 was an exceptional year for Principal. The Company completed a successful and seamless CEO transition, delivered on its key financial targets, drove total shareholder return that outperformed the S P 500, enhanced its core businesses, and strengthened the overall enterprise. CEO succession is one of the Board s most important responsibilities. Our rigorous process yielded Deanna Strable-Soethout as the right choice to succeed Dan Houston as President, CEO, and Board Chair in 2025. Deanna s leadership acumen, collaborative style, analytical nature, deep industry expertise, and focus on innovation make her the ideal executive to lead. The Board commends the Principal management team for their great execution of this leadership transition. Oversight of strategic direction is also a core responsibility of the Board. We value the effort and focus management applied to developing the Company s current enterprise strategy. We are confident this strategy provides a compelling path forward and positions Principal to continue to thrive and adapt in the evolving landscape. We also value the leadership team s enhanced focus on sharpening execution and instilling a growth mindset across the organization. Principal leaders are doing a great job of modeling this for all employees and mobilizing the workforce to embrace new ways of thinking and working. They are focused on continuing to keep the Company s promises to clients with innovation, speed, and efficiency. These efforts included the launch of company-wide data and AI literacy training and key AI initiatives in 2025 that will continue in 2026 and beyond. The leadership team is adamant that new ways of working take center stage in driving optimal performance and results. A strategy that delivers The Company s 2025 results reflect a sound strategy combined with strong execution. Principal delivered on its three key financial targets, achieved impressive results in a challenging environment, and drove total shareholder return of 18% 1 , outperforming the S P 500. The Company also increased its annual common stock dividend by 8% on a trailing 12-month basis, aligned with the 40% dividend payout ratio and underscoring confidence in continued growth and strong performance. Bottom line results tell just one part of the story. The Company s commitment to living its values is notable, and I hope all shareholders appreciate that Principal produces these results by leading with integrity each and every day. Positioned for the future I commend our entire Board for their deep engagement and thoughtful counsel throughout this transformative past year. We will continue to provide valuable oversight and support as Principal executes on its enterprise strategy and sharpens its focus on sustainable growth across markets and geographies. The Board and I share great optimism about the opportunities ahead for Principal. The Company s leadership team is highly talented, fully engaged, and deeply motivated. Principal has a powerful array of leading, interconnected businesses and a compelling strategic plan to drive their continued growth and evolution. We are confident these elements position Principal to thrive, helping more people and businesses around the world achieve financial security. 1 1-year TSR for PFG stock, as of December 31, 2025. TABLE OF CONTENTS From our Board of Directors As always, your investment in Principal makes it all possible. We take our commitment to shareholders seriously and remain dedicated to maximizing your investment. Thank you for your continued trust in Principal and in this Board. Scott M. Mills Lead Director Principal Financial Group Everyone at Principal is committed to helping more people and businesses make financial progress. To learn more about how we brought our purpose to life in 2025, we invite you to visit principal.com/sustainability. TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of annual shareholders meeting April 6, 2026 Meeting date and time Tuesday, May 19, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time Location Virtual only at www.meetnow.global/MUMVGGU Record date March 25, 2026 Approximate commencement of mailing of proxy materials April 6, 2026 Meeting proposals Our board s recommendations Page 1 Election of directors FOR EACH 6 2 Advisory approval of the compensation of our Named Executive Officers FOR 35 3 Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent auditors for 2026 FOR 78 4 Approval of the Principal Financial Group, Inc. 2026 Stock Incentive Plan FOR 80 Shareholders will also be able to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting. Voting Your vote is important! Please take a moment to vote by internet, phone, or proxy or voting instruction card as explained in the How Do I Vote sections of this proxy statement. Online Visit the website noted in the notice of internet availability of proxy materials that you received by mail, on the proxy or voting instruction card, or in the instructions in the email message that notified you of the availability of the proxy materials. By phone Call the toll-free telephone number shown on the proxy or voting instruction card or the instructions in the email message that notified you of the availability of the proxy materials. By mail Complete, sign, and promptly return a proxy or voting instruction card in the postage paid envelope provided. TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of annual shareholders meeting By Order of the Board of Directors Chris Agbe-Davies VP, Associate General Counsel and Interim Corporate Secretary Important notice regarding availability of proxy materials for the shareholders meeting to be held on May 19, 2026: The 2026 Proxy Statement, 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other proxy materials are available at www.principal.com/annualmeeting. This Proxy Statement contains forward-looking statements, which are based on our current assumptions and expectations. These statements are typically accompanied by the words expect, may, could, believe, would, might, anticipates, or similar words. The principal forward-looking statements in this Proxy Statement include our financial goals; our sustainability goals, commitments, and programs; and our business plans, initiatives and objectives. Although we believe there is a reasonable basis for these forward-looking statements, our actual results could be significantly different. The most important factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are set forth in our description of risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of contents Proxy summary 2 Corporate snapshot 2 Financial performance highlights 3 Industry recognition 4 Director nominees overview 5 Proposal one election of directors 6 Process for identifying and evaluating director candidates and director evaluation 6 Skills and experience of our independent directors 7 Board representation 8 Board refreshment 8 Nominees for class I directors with terms expiring in 2026 9 Continuing class II directors with terms expiring in 2027 14 Continuing class III directors with terms expiring in 2028 17 Corporate governance 21 Board leadership structure 21 Role of the board in strategic planning 22 Role of the board in risk oversight 23 Board oversight of cybersecurity risk 24 Succession planning and talent development 24 Majority voting standard and director resignation policy 24 Director independence 24 Certain relationships and related party transactions 25 Board meetings 26 Global corporate code of conduct 26 Board committees and responsibilities 26 Sustainability at Principal 30 Compensation of non-employee directors 31 Audit committee report 34 Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation 35 Executive compensation 36 Compensation discussion and analysis 37 Summary compensation table 58 Proposal three ratification of independent public accounting firm 78 Audit fees 78 Audit-related fees 78 Tax fees 79 All other fees 79 Proposal four approval of the Principal Financial Group, Inc. 2026 Stock Incentive Plan 80 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management 90 Delinquent Section 16(a) reports 92 Questions and answers about the annual meeting 93 2026 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy summary Voting proposals overview Proposals 1 Election of directors (Page 6 ) Our Board of Directors believes that you should vote FOR each of the listed director nominees because they have the appropriate skills and experience to oversee the direction of our Company at this time. 2 Executive compensation ( Say-on-pay ) (Page 35 ) Our Board of Directors believes that you should vote FOR the approval of compensation of our Named Executive Officers because it appropriately incentivizes them to grow our business and return value to shareholders. 3 Ratification of the Company s independent auditors for 2026 (Page 78 ) Our Board of Directors believes that you should vote FOR the approval of Ernst Young because they offer a wide range of audit services at reasonable cost, and we have a strong working relationship with them. 4 Approval of the Principal Financial Group, Inc. 2026 Stock Incentive Plan (Page 80 ) Our Board of Directors believes that you should vote FOR the approval of the Principal Financial Group, Inc. 2026 Stock Incentive Plan because equity grants are a key component of our compensation program that enable us to attract and retain a broad range of talent across our company. Corporate snapshot delivering on our promises with diversified business mix The 2026 Proxy Statement, 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other proxy materials are available at www.principal.com/annualmeeting. 1 See Non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in Appendix B. 2 This is a Non-GAAP financial measure and excludes significant variances. See reconciliation in Appendix B. 3 Non-GAAP return on equity, excluding cumulative change in fair value of funds withheld embedded derivative and accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) other than foreign currency translation adjustment. Excludes impacts from significant variances. See Non-GAAP financial measures reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in Appendix B. 4 Based on Non-GAAP net income attributable to PFG, excluding income or loss from exited business. Excludes impacts from significant variances. See Non-GAAP financial measures reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in Appendix B. 2 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy summary Financial performance highlights 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy summary Industry recognition Category Highlights Overall Ranked 602 nd on the Forbes Global 2000 list, which recognizes the world s biggest and most powerful companies, as measured by a composite ranking for sales, profits, assets, and market value. (June 2025) Retirement and Income Solutions No. 1 Defined benefit plan service provider based on number of plans. PLANSPONSOR Defined Benefit Administration Survey. (September 2025) No. 1 ESOP service provider based on number of plans. PLANSPONSOR Recordkeeping Survey. (June 2025) No. 1 Nonqualified deferred compensation based on number of plans. PLANSPONSOR Defined Contribution Plan Recordkeeping Survey, excludes 457 plans. (June 2025) No. 3 401(k) provider based on number of participants. PLANSPONSOR Recordkeeping Survey. (June 2025) No. 4 Pension risk transfer sales based on assets. LIMRA U.S. Group Annuity Risk Transfer Survey. (Q1 2025) Principal Asset Management Top 10 Global real estate manager. Pension Investments. (2025) #1 Brazil voluntary pension. Fenaprevi. (September 2025) #2 Chile Voluntary pension based on AUM. CMF. (September 2025) Benefits and Protection No. 1 Group Life based on fully-insured employer groups in-force. LIMRA s Fourth Quarter 2024 Life Insurance survey. (April 2025) No. 2 Disability buyout. LIMRA s Second Quarter 2025 Individual Disability Income Insurance Sales. (September 2025) No. 3 Group dental based on employer groups. LIMRA s Fourth Quarter 2024 Dental and Vision Plans survey. (April 2025) Workplace excellence Named a Best Place to Work in Money Management by Pensions Investments for the 14 th consecutive year. (December 2025) Named one of the 2025 Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion after earning 100 out of 100 on the Diversity:IN Disability Equity Index for our disability inclusion efforts. (July 2025) Recognized as a 2026 Military Friendly Employer Silver ranking by Military Friendly. (November 2025) 4 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy summary Director nominees overview Director since Other current public company boards Committee membership Name and primary occupation, age Class Independence AC EC FC HRC NGC Jonathan S. Auerbach, 63 Independent Director, Principal Financial Group I 2019 Mary E. Maliz Beams 1 , 70 Independent Director, Principal Financial Group I 2021 Jocelyn Carter-Miller, 68 Independent Director, Principal Financial Group I 2001 Arlo Technologies, Inc.; Backblaze Inc. Scott M. Mills, 57 Lead Independent Director, Principal Financial Group I 2016 Claudio N. Muruzabal, 65 Independent Director, Principal Financial Group I 2021 Committee chair Committee member Independent 1 In connection with the retirement of Dan Houston, our former Executive Chairman, the Board approved reassigning Ms. Beams to Director Class II to maintain as nearly as equal as possible distribution of Directors across classes. The Company expects that Ms. Beams will stand for reelection with the Class II Directors at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Process for identifying and evaluating director candidates and director evaluation 1. Board skills and attributes assessment The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for recommending Director candidates to the Board of Directors (the Board ) for election at each Annual Meeting. The Nominating and Governance Committee regularly assesses the expertise, skills, backgrounds, competencies, and other characteristics of Directors and candidates for Board vacancies considering the current Board composition and the Company s existing strategic initiatives, risk factors, and other relevant circumstances. The Committee also assesses current Directors and candidates personal and professional ethics, integrity, values, independence, and ability to contribute to the Board, including current employment responsibilities. In addition to personal attributes, our Board values experience as a current or former senior executive in financial services, in international business, and with financial management or accounting responsibilities. Other competencies valued by the Board include strategic and results orientation, comprehensive decision-making, risk-management skills, and an understanding of current technology issues. These assessments provide direction for searches for Board candidates and in the evaluation of our current Directors. 2. Performance evaluation The Committee reviews the performance of each Director whose term is expiring as part of determining whether to recommend the Director for reelection to the Board. As part of this process, the Committee receives input from the other Directors, and to the extent engaged, an independent consultant. The Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates Director performance and capabilities against desired characteristics and relevant considerations, including those noted above. 3. Feedback provided Following the Nominating and Governance Committee s discussion, the independent consultant, if one is used, or the Committee Chair provides feedback to the Directors who were evaluated. The Board annually conducts a self-evaluation regarding its effectiveness, and the Audit, Finance, Human Resources, and Nominating and Governance Committees also annually evaluate their respective performance. As a result of this process, all Board members have the following: Personal character that supports the Company s core value of integrity; Training or experience that is useful to us in light of our strategy, initiatives, and risk factors; and A demonstrated willingness and ability to prepare for, attend, and participate effectively in board and committee meetings. 6 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Skills and experience of our independent directors The following chart shows areas central to the Company s strategy, initiatives, and operations for which independent Directors have specific training and executive level experience that assist them in their Board responsibilities. Auerbach Beams Carter-Miller Hochschild Mills Mitchell Muruzabal Nordin Pickerell Richer Rivera Senior Executive Experience Accounting Finance Asset Investment Management Consumer (Retail) Executive Compensation Financial Services Human Resources/Talent Management International Marketing Mergers Acquisitions Product Development Risk Management Strategic Planning Sustainability/ESG Technology Cybersecurity 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Board representation As reflected in our board composition, our Board is overseen by Directors with a broad mix of industry skills and experience. Our Board believes that a well-balanced composition of perspectives is fundamental to effective corporate governance that enables robust understanding of customers, opportunities, issues and risks; introduction of different concepts, ideas and relationships; enhanced decision-making dialogue; and heightened capacity for oversight of our Company. The Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates our Board s composition considering a range of backgrounds and objectivity needed when recruiting new Directors. Board refreshment Our Board s effectiveness benefits from a thoughtful board refreshment. Since 2019, the Board has appointed six new independent Directors, half of whom are women Directors. The following reflects the tenure of our independent directors: As reflected below, 50% of our independent Directors were appointed within the last six years, and the average tenure of our independent Directors as of April 6, 2026, is approximately nine years, providing deep institutional knowledge and historical context while balancing continuity with fresh perspectives. 8 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Nominees for class I directors with terms expiring in 2026 Our Board has three classes of Directors, each having a three-year term. Each Director nominee is currently a member of our Board. The Board has nominated the following Class I Directors to stand for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ): Jonathan S. Auerbach, Mary E. Maliz Beams, Jocelyn Carter-Miller, Scott M. Mills, and Claudio N. Muruzabal. In connection with the retirement of Dan Houston, our former Executive Chairman, the Board approved reassigning Ms. Beams to Director Class II to maintain as nearly as equal as possible distribution of Directors across classes. We expect that Ms. Beams will stand for reelection with the Class II Directors at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. We also expect that all the current nominees will be able and willing to serve if elected. However, if, prior to the 2026 Annual Meeting, any nominee should become unable or unwilling to serve, proxies may be voted at the 2026 Annual Meeting for another candidate nominated as a substitute by the Board, or the Board may reduce the number of Directors that constitute the Board. Recommendation The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote For all the nominees for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Jonathan S. Auerbach Age: 63 Director since: 2019 Other public company boards: None Committees: Finance and Human Resources Education: Bachelor s degree from Dartmouth College, and a B.A. and M.A. from Oxford University Career highlights Mr. Auerbach served as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy, Growth and Data Officer of PayPal Holdings, Inc., a financial technology company, from 2015 until 2023. He led PayPal s global strategy, acquisitions, partnerships, advanced analytics and data science, growth marketing, and corporate affairs teams. Mr. Auerbach also served as a strategic advisor to PayPal s operations in China and was responsible for the company s Blockchain, Crypto and Digital Currencies business unit and chaired PayPal s Operating Group. Prior to joining PayPal, Mr. Auerbach was Chief Executive Officer of SingTel s Group Digital Life from 2013-2014 and spent over 26 years with McKinsey Company, serving in a variety of executive roles in Asia and North America, including leading the Asian Telecommunications, Media and Technology Practice, the Singapore Office, and Southeast Asia Region, and the North American High-Tech Practice. Mr. Auerbach serves on the Boards of Directors of Just Capital, the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations and is a member of the Council of Foreign Relations. Key skills and qualifications Mr. Auerbach brings to the Board executive leadership experience through his service as an executive vice president of a financial technology company, as well as executive-level experience in international operations, financial services, marketing, product development, risk management, strategic planning, sustainability/ESG, and technology. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Mary E. Maliz Beams Age: 70 Director since: 2021 Other public company boards: Current: None Within Last Five Years: BrightSphere Investment Group, Inc. (Audit and Compensation Committees) Committees: Audit and Finance Education: Bachelor s degree in English from Boston College, a Certificate of Special Studies in Strategic Planning from Harvard University, and an M.B.A. in Marketing and Finance from Columbia University Career highlights Since December 2022, Ms. Beams has been the Chief Executive Officer of the Long-Term Stock Exchange, a national securities exchange registered with the SEC, and has served as Chair of the Long-Term Stock Exchange Group Board since 2025. She previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of Retirement Solutions at Voya Financial Inc. from 2011 until 2015. Prior to joining Voya, Ms. Beams served in various executive leadership roles, including serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of TIAA-CREF Individual Institutional Services, LLC from 2004 to 2010, Senior Managing Director of Fleet Investment Advisors, Inc. from 1993 to 1997, Senior Vice President of Retail Banking of Citibank from 1984 to 1988, and Director of the Consumer Card Group of American Express Company from 1988 to 1993. Ms. Beams currently serves as Chair of the FNZ Trust Company s Board and a member of its Audit Committee. She serves as a member of the Global Advisory Board of Salesforce, and was a former Counselor of the Department of State. Key skills and qualifications Ms. Beams brings to the Board executive experience, including through her service as a chief executive officer of a retirement services solutions business unit of a health, wealth and investment management public company. She also brings to the Board executive-level experience in financial services, asset and investment management, accounting, international operations, products development, risk management, strategic planning, sustainability/ESG and technology. 10 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Jocelyn Carter-Miller Age: 68 Director since: 1999 (Principal Life Insurance Company), 2001 (the Company) Other public company boards: Current: Arlo Technologies, Inc. (Audit Committee, Chair of Compensation Committee); and Backblaze, Inc. (Compensation Committee Chair, Audit Committee and Nomination and Governance Committee member). Within Last Five Years: Netgear, Inc. (Audit and Compensation Committees); The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (Audit and Executive Committees, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Chair) Committees: Human Resources (Chair), Nominating and Governance and Executive Education: Bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Illinois and an M.B.A. in Finance and Marketing from the University of Chicago. She also has passed the certified public accountant examination. Career highlights Since 2005, Ms. Carter-Miller has been President of TechEd Ventures, a consulting and management firm that develops and markets high-performance educational and personal empowerment programming. From 2002 until 2004, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Office Depot, Inc. and was responsible for the company s marketing for its 846 superstores, contract, catalog, and e-commerce businesses in the United States and Canada, and operations in 15 other countries. Before joining Office Depot, Ms. Carter-Miller was Corporate Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Motorola, Inc. with overall responsibility for marketing across the company s $30 billion revenue base and a mix of businesses. She also had general management responsibility for Motorola s network operations in Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Prior to joining Motorola, she was Vice President of Marketing and Product Development at Mattel, Inc. Ms. Carter-Miller serves on the Board of Directors of nonprofit organizations, including The National Association of Corporate Directors. She was a former President of the League of Women Voters of Broward County. Ms. Carter-Miller is an NACD Directorship 100 recipient and has been recognized as a Savoy Most Influential Black Corporate Directors and a Director Boards Director to Watch. Key skills and qualifications Given her tenure on our Board, in addition to strong institutional perspective that has effectively contributed to Principal s evolution to a large global financial services company, Ms. Carter-Miller brings to the Board a wealth of executive leadership experience, as well as experience in marketing, brand management, and international operations, including through her service as executive vice president of a publicly traded company that provides products, supplies, and technology solutions. She also brings to the Board executive-level experience in accounting and finance, executive compensation, human resources and talent management, leadership development and training, risk management, product development, strategic planning, sustainability/ESG, and technology. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Scott M. Mills Age: 57 Director since: 2016 Lead Director since 2020 Other public company boards: None Committees: Audit, Nominating and Governance and Executive Education: Bachelor s degree in economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania Career highlights Mr. Mills served as President and Chief Executive Officer of BET Media Group, an American entertainment company, from 2021 to December 2025. Prior to that role, he served as President of BET Networks from 2018 through 2021. From 2015 through 2017, Mr. Mills served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Viacom, Inc., a former multinational mass media conglomerate. He served as Executive Vice President of Human Resources and Administration of Viacom from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Mills previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and President of Digital Media of Viacom s BET Networks unit. Prior to joining BET, he worked in investment banking and served as Deputy Treasurer for the City of Philadelphia. Key skills and qualifications Mr. Mills brings to the Board executive leadership experience and investment management experience through his service as a chief executive officer of an entertainment company and his prior work in asset and investment management. He also brings to the Board executive-level experience in accounting and finance, executive compensation, human resources and talent management, marketing, product development, strategic planning, and technology. 12 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Claudio N. Muruzabal Age: 65 Director since: 2021 Other public company boards: None Committees: Human Resources and Nominating and Governance Education: Bachelor s degree from the Catholic University of Argentina with double major in Business Administration and Accounting, and Global Executive M.B.A. from The Fuqua School of Business at Duke University Career highlights Mr. Muruzabal served as the Chief Business Officer, CS of SAP, a global software company, from February 1, 2024 until May 2025, and as Interim Business Suite Leader of SAP from January 1, 2025 until May 2025. He joined SAP in 2015, serving as President, Latin America and Caribbean from 2015 until 2020, President of SAP EMEA South and Chairman of SAP Latin America Caribbean from 2020 until 2022, and President of SAP Cloud Success Services from 2022 until January 2024. Prior to joining SAP, he served as Chief Executive Officer of NEORIS for 10 years, transforming the Latin American start-up company into a global management and information technology consulting business. Mr. Muruzabal also previously served as Vice President of Teradata Corporation in Latin America and the Caribbean and worked at NCR Corporation for over 20 years, where he held various senior executive positions. Mr. Muruzabal has been recognized consecutively from 2016 to 2023 with the HITEC 50 Award, as one of the top 50 most influential and notable Hispanic Professionals in the information technology industry. In 2019, he was recognized by the Council of the Americas organization with the Technology Leader of the Year Bravo Award. Key skills and qualifications Mr. Muruzabal brings to the Board executive leadership experience and technology and international operations experience, including through his service as president and chairman of various business units of a publicly traded multinational software company. He also brings to the Board executive-level experience in accounting and finance, marketing, product development, strategic planning, and sustainability/ESG. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Continuing class II directors with terms expiring in 2027 Roger C. Hochschild Age: 61 Director since: 2015 Other public company directorships: Current: None Within Last Five Years: Discover Financial Services Committees: Human Resources and Nominating and Governance (Chair) Education: Bachelor s degree in economics from Georgetown University and an M.B.A. from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College Career highlights Mr. Hochschild has been Senior Advisor of Magnetar, a leading alternative asset manager, since May 2025. He retired from Discover Financial Services, a digital banking and payment services company, at the end of 2023 after serving as President and Chief Operating Officer from 2004 to 2018 and then President and Chief Executive Officer from 2018 to August 2023. He was Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative and Strategic Officer for Morgan Stanley from 2001 to 2004, and was Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer Discover from 1998 to 2001, when Discover was part of Morgan Stanley. Mr. Hochschild has served as a Director of InterPayments since 2024 and has been a Director of Chicago Public Media since 2016. Key skills and qualifications Mr. Hochschild brings to the Board executive leadership experience through his service as president and chief executive officer of a large publicly traded digital banking and payment services company, as well as executive-level experience in financial services, accounting and finance, asset and investment management, retail consumer services, and technology. 14 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Diane C. Nordin Age: 67 Director since: 2017 Other public company boards: Diamond Hill (member of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees) Committees: Audit (Chair) and Finance Education: Bachelor s degree from Wheaton College (MA) and is a Chartered Financial Analyst Career highlights Ms. Nordin was a partner of Wellington Management Company, LLP, a private asset management company, from 1995 to 2011. She joined Wellington in 1991. Throughout her tenure at Wellington, she served in various executive roles and had responsibilities that included product management and client relationship management. She oversaw Wellington s Fixed Income group, where she was responsible for approximately 20 investment approaches and 130 investors globally. Ms. Nordin served as Vice Chair of the Compensation Committee and Audit Chair of the Wellington Management Trust Company, in addition to other committee service throughout her tenure. Prior to joining Wellington, she worked at Fidelity Investments and Putnam Advisory. Ms. Nordin joined the Board of Directors of Wellington Trust Company in December 2023, and she is a Trustee of the Wellington Management Foundation Board of Trustees. Since 2016, Ms. Nordin has been a director of Antares Capital, an alternative asset manager and financing provider for private equity-backed borrowers, where she is Chair of the Compensation Committee. She has been an Emeritus Trustee of Wheaton College since 2010, where she chaired the Investment Committee and served on the Audit Committee. In 2022, Ms. Nordin was appointed as Trustee of Financial Analysts Foundation and was elected a Trustee of Financial Accounting Foundation board, an independent private organization responsible for the oversight, administration, and finances of FASB and GASB, serving on the Appointments and Oversight Committees. From 2016 until 2022, she served as a governor of the CFA Institute, where she was the Chair of the Board of Governors, as well as the Chair of Audit, Risk, and Nominations Committees. She also served as a member of CFA s Risk, Executive, and People and Culture Committees and Chair of the Governance Committee. Ms. Nordin serves on the New York State Common Fund Investment Advisory Committee in a pro bono capacity. She previously served as a Board member, Executive and Compensation Committee member, and Investment Committee Chair of the Appalachian Mountain Club, the oldest conservation organization in the United States. Key skills and qualifications Ms. Nordin brings to the Board executive leadership experience, including through her service as a partner of an asset management firm, as well as executive-level experience in financial services, accounting and finance, international operations, marketing, product development, risk management, and strategic planning. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Alfredo Rivera Age: 64 Director since: 2020 Other public company boards: None Committees: Audit and Finance Education: Bachelor s degree and M.B.A. from the University of Southern Mississippi and completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School Career highlights Mr. Rivera is the retired President of the North America Operating Unit of The Coca-Cola Company, a global total beverage company. Mr. Rivera served in this role from 2020 until December 2022 and served as a Senior Advisor until his retirement in March 2023. He helped lead The Coca-Cola Company s transformation to emerge stronger as a total beverage company, enabled by a globally networked organization. Mr. Rivera joined The Coca-Cola Company in 1997 and served in various executive leadership roles, including serving as President, Latin America from 2016 to 2020 and President, Latin Center Business Unit from 2013 to 2016. Mr. Rivera was a director of the Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company from 2018 to 2021. Key skills and qualifications Mr. Rivera brings to the Board executive leadership experience through his service in executive leadership roles in large global operations of a public company, as well as executive-level experience in accounting and finance, retail consumer, executive compensation, human resources and talent management, marketing, strategic planning, and sustainability/ESG. 16 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Continuing class III directors with terms expiring in 2028 Blair C. Pickerell Age: 69 Director since: 2015 Other public company boards: Current: Dah Sing Banking Group Limited (Chair of the Risk Management and Compliance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee); First Pacific Company Limited (Finance, Corporate Governance and Ad Hoc Selection Committees) Committees: Finance and Human Resources Education: Bachelor s and master s degrees from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School Career highlights Mr. Pickerell was Head of Asia of Nikko Asset Management from 2010 to 2014 and served as its Chairman, Asia from 2014 to 2015. From 2007 to 2010, he was CEO, Asia, at Morgan Stanley Investment Management. Mr. Pickerell has also served as Chief Executive, Asia-Pacific, of HSBC Asset Management, as Chairman of Jardine Fleming Funds, and as Managing Director of Jardin Pacific, Ltd. His current international service includes memberships on the Supervisory Committee for the Tracker Fund of Hong Kong and the International Advisory Council of the Faculty of Business and Economics at the University of Hong Kong. Key skills and qualifications Mr. Pickerell brings to the Board executive leadership experience and extensive experience in the asset management and financial services industries, particularly in the Asia Pacific Region. This includes his having served as the chief executive for Asia-Pacific for a number of investment management firms and having sat on global management committees of several major investment management firms. He has also had exposure to numerous non-financial industries from his time as Managing Director of a large Asian conglomerate. He also brings to the Board executive-level experience in executive compensation, international, marketing, and accounting and finance. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Clare S. Richer Age: 67 Director since: 2020 Other public company boards: Bain Capital Specialty Finance Inc. (member of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating/Governance Committees) Committees: Finance (Chair), Human Resources and Executive Education: B.B.A. from University of Notre Dame Career highlights Ms. Richer was Chief Financial Officer of Putnam Investments, a global asset management firm (now part of Franklin Templeton), from 2008 to 2017. Prior to joining Putnam, Ms. Richer held several roles at Fidelity Investments from 1983 to 2008. Ms. Richer is a member of the Board of Directors of State Street Global Advisors SPDR ETF Funds. She is also a Trustee of the University of Notre Dame, serving as a member of the Compensation, Investment Finance, and Executive Committees. She served on the Board of Directors of the Alzheimer s Association, MA/NH chapter. Key skills and qualifications Ms. Richer brings to the Board extensive executive leadership experience, including through her service as chief financial officer of a global asset management firm. She also brings to the Board executive-level experience in accounting and finance, product development, risk management, strategic planning, and technology. 18 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors H. Elizabeth Mitchell Age: 64 Director since: 2022 Other public company boards: Current: Selective Insurance Group (Member of the Audit Committee) and Enact Holdings, Inc. (Chair of the Audit Committee) Within Last Five Years: StanCorp Financial Corp. Committees: Audit and Nominating and Governance Education: Bachelor s degree from the College of the Holy Cross and CERT Certificate in Cyber Security Oversight from Carnegie Mellon University Career highlights Ms. Mitchell was Chief Executive Officer of Renaissance U.S. Inc., and its predecessor Platinum Underwriters Reinsurance Inc., from 2007, and the company s President from 2005 until her retirement in 2016. Prior to those roles, she served in various executive leadership roles at the company and at other firms, including serving as an Advisor to Hudson Structured Capital Management from 2018 to 2024. Ms. Mitchell served as the non-executive Chair of Weston Insurance Company from 2020 until 2022. Ms. Mitchell is a Fellow of the Casualty Actuarial Society and a Member of the American Academy of Actuaries. She is also a National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Certified Director. Key skills and qualifications Ms. Mitchell brings to the Board executive leadership experience through her service as a chief executive officer of a global provider of reinsurance and insurance. She also brings to the Board executive-level experience in risk management, financial services, accounting and finance, strategic planning, sustainability/ESG, and technology. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal one election of directors Deanna D. Strable-Soethout Age: 57 Director since: 2025 Other public company boards: Elevance Health, Inc. (Member of the Audit and Nominating Governance Committees) Committees: Executive (Chair) Education: Bachelor of Science degree from Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and a member of the American Academy of Actuaries Career highlights Ms. Strable-Soethout has served as Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, Principal Life Insurance Company since September 2025. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer from January 2025 to September 2025, and as President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2024 to January 2025. Ms. Strable-Soethout served as Chief Financial Officer from 2017 to August 2024. Ms. Strable-Soethout joined the Company in 1990 and has served in various executive leadership roles, including serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as well as President of the Benefits and Protection division. Ms. Strable-Soethout is a member of the Board of Directors of Simpson College. She previously served on the United Way Worldwide Board of Trustees after holding various positions for the United Way of Central Iowa. She also served as chair of the Board of Directors for LIMRA LOMA Global (LL Global, Inc.). Key skills and qualifications Ms. Strable-Soethout is our current Chair, President and CEO and she brings to the Board extensive and proven executive leadership and operational expertise as well as deep financial and accounting skills, through her experience in advancing strategy, financial results and operations for a global financial services company, including extensive contributions to enable Company growth and creation of value for the Company s customers, shareholders and employees. 20 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance We believe that good corporate governance promotes the long-term interests of our shareholders. The Board and management regularly review best practices for corporate governance and modify our policies and practices as warranted. Our current best practices include: Super-majority of independent Directors (11 out of 12); Proxy access for shareholders owning 3% or more of the Company s common stock for a minimum of three years; All key committees (i.e., Audit, Finance, Human Resources, and Nominating and Governance Committees) are composed entirely of independent Directors; Strong independent Lead Director; Director resignation policy if the support of a majority vote of shareholders is not achieved; Policy regarding Directors service on other public company boards; Board and committee self-assessments conducted annually; Director evaluations conducted no less frequently than in connection with Director nomination process; Robust stock ownership guidelines for Directors; Robust shareholder engagement program to obtain valuable feedback on our compensation and governance programs; Annual review of CEO succession plan by the independent Directors with and without the CEO present; Annual Board review of senior management long-term and emergency succession plans; Multiple executive sessions involving solely independent Directors at each regularly scheduled Board meeting; and Robust policies and procedures concerning the identification of and monitoring for conflicts of interest across the organization. Board leadership structure The Board exercises flexibility in establishing a leadership structure that works best for the Company at any given time. Having the flexibility to select the structure that best serves the Company s business is critical and is in the long-term interest of our shareholders. As part of the Board s thoughtful, multi-year CEO and Board Chair succession planning process, effective January 7, 2025, Mr. Houston retired from his role as CEO and continued as Executive Chairman, and Ms. Strable-Soethout assumed the role of CEO. Effective September 2, 2025, the Board elected Ms. Strable-Soethout to the additional role of Chair at Mr. Houston s retirement from the Board. The Board believes that its leadership structure during the transition, in which Mr. Houston served as the Executive Chairman and Ms. Strable-Soethout served as the CEO was appropriate to support an effective CEO transition where Ms. Strable-Soethout focused on managing and executing the Company s strategy while Mr. Houston assisted with the CEO transition and focused on Board governance. Upon Mr. Houston s retirement, the independent directors determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders to recombine the CEO and Chair roles. Among other factors, the Board considered Ms. Strable-Soethout s demonstrated leadership abilities and the benefits of a unified leadership structure as the Company executes its strategic priorities. Also, the Board believes that enhancing a unified leadership structure by having a strong Lead Independent Director and a structure in which Board committees are led by independent directors strikes the appropriate balance between effective Company leadership and strong oversight and safeguards by independent Directors. The Board will continue to review the effectiveness 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance of its leadership and decide the appropriate structure based on factors such as the tenure and experience of the CEO and the broader economic and operating environment of the Company. Our current Lead Independent Director, Scott M. Mills, was elected by the independent Directors and assumed that role in 2020. The Lead Director and the Chair jointly determine the Board s agenda for each regular quarterly meeting. The Chair presides when the Board meets as a full Board and the Lead Director (i) leads Executive Sessions of independent Directors and provides input to the CEO based on those discussions, (ii) leads the Board s annual self-evaluation, (iii) leads the Board s CEO succession planning discussions, and (iv) calls special Board meetings if the Chair is unable to act. Executive Sessions generally occur at the start and end of each regularly scheduled Board meeting and were held in conjunction with each regularly scheduled Board meeting during 2025. Deanna D. Strable-Soethout Chair, President CEO Scott M. Mills Independent Lead Director Role of the board in strategic planning As part of its oversight responsibilities, our Board takes an active role in management s process of formulating and reviewing our long-term corporate strategy. The Board frequently engages management at regularly scheduled Board meetings in which strategic initiatives are discussed. In these engagements, the Board offers its independent judgment and experience in informing the strategic direction of our business priorities that are aimed at delivering long-term success for the Company and shareholders. 22 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Role of the board in risk oversight Board of directors Risk management is an essential component of our culture and business model. Our Board recognizes that effective risk oversight is in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders. The Company s Enterprise Risk Management program includes a Chief Risk Officer whose team operates independently from the business units. The program also includes an Enterprise Risk Management Committee, composed of members from the executive management team that provides enterprise-wide oversight for material risks. While management is responsible for the day-to-day risk management functions, our Board oversees management s responsibilities of monitoring and providing appropriate risk mitigation strategies and how the Company addresses specific risks that the Company faces, including finance risk; product and pricing risk; operational and business risk; and strategic risk. The Board oversees our risk management both directly and indirectly through its standing committees as described below. Committees Audit Oversees risk and mitigation related to accounting, financial controls, legal, regulatory, ethics, compliance, operations, and general business activities; and Oversees the framework and policies related to enterprise risk management. Finance Oversees risk and mitigation related to liquidity, credit, market, product, and pricing activities; Oversees capital management, capital structure and financing, investment policy, tax planning, and key risks associated with significant financial transactions. Human resources Oversees risk and mitigation related to the design and operation of employee compensation arrangements to confirm they are consistent with business plans and are appropriately designed to limit or mitigate risk; Reviews annually an analysis of the Company s incentive compensation plans to ensure they are designed to create and maintain shareholder value, provide rewards based on the long-term performance of the Company, and do not encourage excessive risk; and Oversees succession planning and development for senior management. Nominating and governance Oversees risk and mitigation related to the Company s environmental, sustainability, and corporate social responsibilities, as well as the Company s political contribution activities; and Monitors whether the Board and its committees have the collective skills and experience necessary to oversee the risks facing the Company. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Board oversight of cybersecurity risk The Board s role in our risk management includes its oversight of risks related to cybersecurity threats. The full Board receives at least one cybersecurity report every quarter from our Chief Information Officer, our Chief Information Security Officer, our Chief Risk Officer, or other professionals regarding the state of our cybersecurity program. The Board also reviews and approves the business resiliency and information security programs intended to guard against cybersecurity and related risks. Also, the Board receives input on cybersecurity matters from external entities such as our regulators and consultants. Each of these steps furthers the Board s efforts to ensure that we have established and are proactively maintaining an enterprise-wide cybersecurity risk program with appropriate policies, practices, and controls designed to ensure resiliency in the face of emerging threats. Succession planning and talent development The Board believes that succession planning for future leadership of the Company is one of its most important roles. The Board is actively engaged and involved in talent management and reviews succession at least annually for our senior executives. This includes a detailed discussion of our global leadership and succession plans with a focus on CEO succession planning, as well as succession planning for all key executive positions. In addition, the Human Resources Committee regularly discusses the talent pipeline for critical roles at a variety of organizational levels, including CEO. A comprehensive review of executive talent, including assessments by an independent consulting firm engaged by the Human Resources Committee, determines an executive s readiness to take on additional leadership roles and identifies the developmental and coaching opportunities needed to prepare executives for greater responsibilities. High-potential leaders are given exposure and visibility to Board members through formal presentations and informal events. The Human Resources Committee also receives regular updates on key talent indicators for the overall workforce, including recruiting and development programs. In addition, the Company has an emergency succession plan for the CEO that is reviewed by the Board annually. Majority voting standard and director resignation policy In uncontested Director elections, Directors are elected by the majority of votes cast. If an incumbent Director is not elected and no successor is elected, the Director must submit a resignation to the Board, which will decide whether to accept the resignation. The Board s decision and reasons for its decision will be publicly disclosed within 90 days of certification of the election results. Director independence The Board determines at a Director s initial appointment, and thereafter at least annually, whether each Director is independent, using its independence standards in these determinations. These independence standards include the Nasdaq standards for independence and are on the Company s website, www.principal.com . The Board considers all commercial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable, family, and other relationships (either individually or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization) a Director (or Director candidate) has with the Company or any affiliate. The Board most recently made these determinations for each Director in February 2026 based on: A review of relationships and transactions between Directors, their immediate family members, and other organizations with which a Director is affiliated and the Company, its subsidiaries, or executive officers; Questionnaires completed by each Director regarding any relationships or transactions that could affect the Director s independence; The Company s review of its purchasing, investment, charitable giving, and other records; and 24 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Recommendations of the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Board affirmatively determined that the following Directors have no material relationship with the Company and are independent: Mr. Auerbach, Ms. Beams, Ms. Carter-Miller, Mr. Hochschild, Mr. Mills, Ms. Mitchell, Mr. Muruzabal, Ms. Nordin, Mr. Pickerell, Ms. Richer, and Mr. Rivera. The Board also determined that all current members of the Audit, Finance, Human Resources, and Nominating and Governance Committees are independent. No Director other than Mr. Houston and Ms. Strable-Soethout have been employed by the Company at any time. Certain relationships and related party transactions As of December 31, 2025, the Vanguard Group, Inc. managed funds holding in the aggregate approximately 11.44% of the Company s common stock. During 2025, Principal paid the Vanguard Group $56,610.28 in fees for banking operations. Principal Life Insurance Company accounts held approximately $50,008,150.00 in privately placed debt issued by Vanguard. Principal Life Insurance Company and affiliates hold or manage accounts holding securities issued by Vanguard funds and common stock of Vanguard Group, Inc. As of December 31, 2025, BlackRock, Inc. (together with its affiliates BlackRock ) and certain subsidiaries collectively owned or managed funds holding in the aggregate approximately 6.50% of the Company s common stock. During 2025, Principal Global Investors, LLC paid BlackRock Financial Management $1,739,521.86 in sub-advisor management fees. In 2025, Principal affiliates paid BlackRock $6,419,815.00 for fees for consulting services and software. Principal Life Insurance Company and affiliates hold, or manage accounts holding, securities issued by BlackRock, Inc. BlackRock affiliates manage investment funds in which affiliates of the Company invest for their own or managed accounts. As of December 31, 2025, Nippon Life Insurance Company ( Nippon Life ) held approximately 8.36% of the Company s common stock. Nippon Life is the parent company of Nippon Life Insurance Company of America ( NLICA ). Nippon Life, NLICA and Principal Life Insurance Company have had business relationships for more than 20 years. In 2025, Nippon Life and NLICA paid the following amounts to Principal Life Insurance Company or its affiliates: $278,788.50 for fees and investment income related to pension services and $ 5,150,954.81 for investment management and other service fees. The Company owns common stock of NLICA and received $208,130.40 in dividends in 2025. Principal Life Insurance Company general and separate accounts hold privately placed bonds and common stock issued by Nippon Life Americas, Inc. Nippon Life, directly or through affiliates, holds a minority interest in Post Advisory Group, LLC ( Post ), an affiliate of the Company. During 2025, Post paid an aggregate of $1,295,405.55 in dividends. The Company s affiliates hold and manage accounts holding securities issued by Nippon Life, and Nippon Life invests in funds managed by the Company s affiliates. Dwight Soethout is the spouse of Ms. Strable-Soethout, our Chair, President and CEO, and served as Vice President-Chief Actuary until August 20, 2025. In 2025, Mr. Soethout received $1,007,991 in base salary, bonuses, long-term incentive and separation-related compensation, which was approved by the Human Resources Committee. His earned 2025 bonus (prorated through the date of separation) in the amount of $128,056 was paid in March 2026. Mr. Soethout s equity awards that were granted in 2023 through 2025, in the aggregate amount of $779,325, continue to vest in accordance with their previously approved terms, including vesting schedule. Kristine Pitz, Director Accounting, is the spouse of Joel M. Pitz, Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Pitz has been an employee since 1995. In 2025, she received $231,912 in base salary and bonuses. Her compensation is commensurate with that of her peers. Her employment and compensation were approved by the Human Resources Committee. The Company maintains robust policies and procedures for the identification and monitoring of arrangements with related parties. The Nominating and Governance Committee or its Chair must approve or ratify all transactions with related parties that are not preapproved by or exempted from the Company s Related Party Transaction Policy (the Policy ). At its quarterly meetings, the Nominating and Governance Committee reviews transactions with related parties and ratifies any transaction that is subject to the Policy if it determines it is appropriate and may attach conditions to that approval. Transactions involving employment of a relative of an executive officer or Director must be approved by the Human Resources Committee. The Company s Related Party Transaction Policy is publicly available at www.principal.com . 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Board meetings The Board held nine meetings in 2025. Each Director who served on the Board during 2025 attended or participated in 75% or more of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of the Board during 2025 and (ii) the total number of meetings held by each committee of the Board on which the Director served during 2025. While Director attendance is not mandatory, the Company s annual shareholder meeting is scheduled on a date that coincides with a regularly scheduled quarterly Board meeting. In 2025, all Directors then on the Board attended the annual shareholders meeting virtually. Global corporate code of conduct The Company has adopted a Global Code of Conduct that applies to the Company s Directors and employees, including our Named Executive Officers. A waiver of the Code for a Director or a Named Executive Officer requires a review by the Audit Committee, an approval by the Board, and compliance with applicable laws and rules, including a publication on our website. The Code is available on our website at https://investors.principal.com/static-files/2d19d98e-940f-4bbf-a69a-b054eefd7ab5 . Board committees and responsibilities Only independent Directors may serve on the Audit, Human Resources, and Nominating and Governance Committees. While it is not required by its charter, the Board s Finance Committee currently is composed of only independent Directors. The Committees review their charters and performance annually. Committee charters of the Audit, Finance, Human Resources, and Nominating and Governance Committees are publicly available on the Company s website at www.principal.com . Audit committee Diane C. Nordin Mary E. Maliz Beams Scott M. Mills H. Elizabeth Mitchell Alfredo Rivera Chair Appoints, terminates, compensates, and oversees the Company s independent auditor and selects the lead audit partner; Reviews and reports to the Board on the independent auditor s activities; Approves all audit engagement fees and preapproves compensation of the independent auditor for non-audit engagements, consistent with the Company s Auditor Independence Policy; Reviews internal audit plans and results; Reviews and reports to the Board on accounting policies and legal and regulatory compliance; Reviews the Company s policies on risk assessment and management; and All members of the Audit Committee are financially literate and are independent, as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards, and are audit committee financial experts, as defined by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 8 Meetings in 2025 26 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Human resources committee Jocelyn Carter-Miller Jonathan S. Auerbach Roger C. Hochschild Claudio N. Muruzabal Blair C. Pickerell Clare S. Richer Chair Evaluates the performance of the CEO and determines her compensation relative to her goals and objectives; Approves compensation for members of the senior executive group; Approves employee compensation policies for all other employees; Approves employment, severance, or change of control agreements and perquisites for Executives; Oversees Executive development and succession planning; Oversees our global inclusion strategy; Approves equity awards; Administers the Company s incentive and other compensation plans that include Executives; Acts on management s recommendations for broad-based employee pension and welfare benefit plans; Reviews compensation programs to confirm that they encourage management to take appropriate risks; discourage inappropriate risks; and act consistently with the Company s business plan, policies, and risk tolerance; Reviews the Company s pay equity processes; and Reviews the Company s human capital disclosures. 5 Meetings in 2025 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Nominating and governance committee Roger C. Hochschild Jocelyn Carter-Miller Scott M. Mills H. Elizabeth Mitchell Claudio N. Muruzabal Chair Recommends Board candidates, Board committee assignments, and service as Lead Director; Reviews and reports to the Board on Director independence, performance of individual Directors, process for the annual self-evaluations of the Board and its performance and committee self-evaluations, content of the Global Code of Conduct, Director compensation, and the Corporate Governance Guidelines; and Reviews environmental and corporate social responsibility matters as well as the Company s political contribution activities. 5 Meetings in 2025 Finance committee Clare S. Richer Jonathan S. Auerbach Mary E. Maliz Beams Diane C. Nordin Blair C. Pickerell Alfredo Rivera Chair Assists the Board with financial, investment, and capital management policies; Reviews capital structure and plans, significant financial transactions, financial policies, credit ratings, matters of corporate finance (including issuance of debt and equity), shareholder dividends, proposed mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures; Oversees investment policies, strategies, and programs; and Reviews policies and procedures governing the use of financial instruments including derivatives; and assists the Board in overseeing and reviewing information regarding enterprise financial risk management, including the policies, procedures and practices to manage liquidity, credit market, product and pricing risks, and tax planning. 7 Meetings in 2025 28 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Executive committee Deanna D. Strable-Soethout Jocelyn Carter-Miller Scott M. Mills Clare S. Richer Chair Acts on matters delegated by the Board which must be approved by its independent members; and Has the authority of the Board between Board meetings unless the Board has directed otherwise or as mandated by law and By Laws. 0 Meetings in 2025 Compensation committee interlocks and insider participation None of the members who served on the Human Resources Committee was or had ever been one of our officers or employees. During the last fiscal year, no member of the Human Resources Committee had a relationship that must be described under the SEC rules relating to disclosure of Related Person Transactions. In addition, during the last fiscal year, none of our executive officers served as a member of the Board of Directors or the compensation committee of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board or Human Resources Committee. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability at Principal At Principal, our purpose is to help more people, businesses, and communities gain access to financial security. Our evolving strategy focuses on four thematic areas that directly support our purpose while creating value for society, the environment, and our business. The four thematic areas include: Growing financial confidence for all; Equipping small and midsized businesses (SMB) for success; Investing for shared prosperity; and Fulfilling our people and teams. This enhanced approach strengthens our connection to business priorities and our people, while maintaining a commitment to transparent reporting and meeting both voluntary and regulatory requirements. We share progress on performance and outcomes in our annual sustainability reports. We structure our approach to sustainability thoughtfully and integrate it throughout our organization. Our Board provides strategic oversight of our sustainability initiatives through three key committees, each with specific functions. Our Executive Management Group serves as the bridge between board-level oversight and day-to-day implementation, overseeing various internal committees and teams that bring our sustainability commitments to life. Internal Leadership Committees ensure accountability of our sustainability initiatives and that they remain aligned with business objectives and values. Finally, Implementation teams are the boots on the ground, turning strategy into action. These teams work diligently to integrate sustainability practices into our operations. 30 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation of non-employee directors Our Directors serve on the Boards of Principal Financial Group, Inc., Principal Life Insurance Company, and Principal Financial Services, Inc. The Company provides competitive compensation to attract and retain high-quality, non-employee Directors. A substantial proportion of non-employee Director compensation is provided in the form of equity to help align their interests with the interests of our shareholders. Ms. Strable-Soethout, our Board Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer, does not receive additional compensation for her service on the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee, comprised solely of independent directors, has primary responsibility for our non-employee compensation program. The Committee works with the Board s independent compensation consultant, Compensation Advisory Partners, in administering the program. During 2025, Compensation Advisory Partners conducted an annual comprehensive review and assessment of non-employee Director compensation relative to market. The Company targets non-employee Director compensation at approximately the median of the defined peer group companies used for executive compensation comparisons (see page 45 ), which aligns with its Executive compensation philosophy. As a result of Compensation Advisory Partners November 2025 review, and based on the consultant s recommendation, the Committee approved the following Director compensation which aligns with median compensation levels for the peer group companies. Annual cash retainers 1 (effective November 25, 2025) Board $115,000 Audit Committee Chair $40,000 Human Resources Committee Chair $30,000 Finance Committee Chair $40,000 Nominating and Governance Committee Chair $30,000 Other Committee Chairs $10,000 Lead Director $60,000 Annual Restricted Stock Unit Retainer 2 $220,000 1 Payments made in two semi-annual installments. 2 Grants are made at the time of the annual meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation of non-employee directors Fees earned by non-employee directors in 2025 Name Fees earned or paid in cash Stock awards 1 Total Jonathan S. Auerbach $115,000 $200,037 $315,037 Mary E. Maliz Beams $115,000 $200,037 $315,037 Jocelyn Carter-Miller $142,500 $200,037 $342,537 Roger C. Hochschild $142,500 $200,037 $342,537 Scott M. Mills $170,000 $200,037 $370,037 H. Elizabeth Mitchell $115,000 $200,037 $315,037 Claudio N. Muruzabal $115,000 $200,037 $315,037 Diane C. Nordin $152,500 $200,037 $352,537 Blair C. Pickerell $115,000 $200,037 $315,037 Clare S. Richer $152,500 $200,037 $352,537 Alfredo Rivera $115,000 $200,037 $315,037 1 These amounts reflect the grant date fair value of awards made in 2025 determined in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. These awards do not reflect actual amounts realized or that may be realized by the recipients. While the Principal Financial Group, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (which was approved by shareholders) allows some discretion in determining the value of RSUs that may be awarded annually, it imposes a maximum limit for stock awards plus fees and retainers of $750,000 ($1,000,000 for an Independent Chairman) on the size of the annual award that may be made. Non-employee directors deferred compensation plan Non-employee Directors may defer the receipt of their cash compensation under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-employee Directors of Principal Financial Group, Inc. This Plan has four investment options, and each option represents phantom units tied to the funds listed in the table below (parenthesized information indicates share class): Investment option 1-year rate of return (12/31/2025) Principal Financial Group, Inc. Employer Stock Fund 13.8% Principal LargeCap S P 500 Index Fund (R5) 17.42% Principal Real Estate Securities Fund (R5) 1.02% Principal Core Plus Bond Fund (R5) 7.14% Restricted stock unit grants Non-employee Directors receive an annual grant of time-based RSUs under the Principal Financial Group, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective November 20, 2023 (the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan ). RSUs are granted at the time of the annual meeting and vest at the next annual meeting. Beginning in 2025, Directors who meet their stock ownership requirements as described below may elect to receive their vested equity awards or defer them until the date the Director leaves the Board. Any award for which a Director does not make an election to receive at vesting is deferred until the date the Director leaves the Board. At payout, the RSUs are converted to shares of common stock. Dividend equivalents become additional RSUs, which vest and are converted to common stock at the same time and to the same extent as the underlying RSUs. The Nominating and Governance Committee has the discretion to make a prorated grant of RSUs to Directors who join the Board at a time other 32 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation of non-employee directors than at the annual meeting. The 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (which was approved by shareholders) imposes a combined maximum limit for stock awards plus fees and retainers of $750,000 ($1,000,000 for an Independent Chairman). As of December 31, 2025, each non-employee Director had the following aggregate number of outstanding RSUs, including additional RSUs received as a result of dividend equivalents: Director name Total RSUs outstanding fiscal year end 2025 (shares) Jonathan S. Auerbach 19,511 Mary E. Maliz Beams 11,990 Jocelyn Carter-Miller 84,958 Roger C. Hochschild 36,098 Scott M. Mills 30,848 H. Elizabeth Mitchell 8,292 Claudio N. Muruzabal 10,925 Diane C. Nordin 26,147 Blair C. Pickerell 34,473 Clare S. Richer 16,366 Alfredo Rivera 13,057 Other compensation Principal Life Insurance Company matches charitable gifts up to $16,000 per non-employee Director per year. These matching contributions are available during a Director s term and for three years thereafter. Principal Life Insurance Company receives charitable contribution tax deductions for the matching gifts. Directors are reimbursed for travel and other business expenses they incur while performing services for the Company and are allowed the use of corporate owned or leased aircraft when traveling to in-person meetings of the Board and its Committees. When Directors spouses/partners accompany them to a Board strategic retreat, Principal pays for some of the travel expenses and amenities for Directors and their spouses/partners, such as meals and social events. Directors are also covered under the Company s Business Travel Accident Insurance Policy and Directors and Officers insurance coverage. The Human Resources Committee has approved Directors participation in Principal Asset Management investment products on a reduced or no-fee basis. In 2025, the total amount of perquisites provided to non-employee Directors was less than $10,000 per Director. Directors stock ownership guidelines Under our stock ownership guidelines, all non-employee Directors are required to own interests in our common stock equal to five times the annual Board cash retainer within five years of joining the Board. Unless a Director who has met his or her stock ownership requirement elects to receive equity awards at vesting, all RSU grants must be held while a Director is on the Board and may only be converted to common stock when the Director s Board service ends. All Directors with a tenure of a minimum of five years have satisfied the ownership requirement, and those with a tenure of less than five years are on schedule to satisfy the requirement. A Director who meets the ownership requirement will not be required to buy additional shares if the then-ownership level drops as a result of a reduction in share price and not because of share sales. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit committee report Audit committee report The Audit Committee, comprised solely of the independent Directors identified below, oversees the Company s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board. The Committee s functions are described in greater detail in its charter, which can be found in the Corporate Governance section on our website at www.principal.com . Our management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including the systems of internal controls. Ernst Young LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of the Company s audited financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. In this context, the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Audit Committee also discussed with Ernst Young LLP the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Audit Committee also received from Ernst Young LLP, the written disclosures and letter required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent registered accounting firm s communications with the Committee concerning independence, and the Committee has discussed with Ernst Young LLP its independence. Based on its review and discussion noted above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the Company s audited financial statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Diane C. Nordin Mary E. Maliz Beams Scott M. Mills H. Elizabeth Mitchell Alfredo Rivera Chair 34 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation In accordance with the requirements of Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and related rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we are asking our shareholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our Named Executive Officers as described in this Proxy Statement. This proposal, commonly known as a Say-on-Pay proposal, gives our shareholders an opportunity to express their views on the compensation of our Named Executive Officers. As described in more detail in the Compensation, Discussion and Analysis section, we design our compensation program to reward executives who contribute to the achievement of our business objectives and to attract, retain, and motivate talented executives to perform at the highest level and contribute significantly to the Company s success. We tie a significant portion of the compensation of our Named Executive Officers to the achievement of the Company s long- and short-term financial and strategic goals as we aim to align the interests of our Named Executive Officers and our shareholders. In 2025, our shareholders voted to approve the compensation program for our Named Executive Officers with approximately 95% of the shares voting in support of the program. As an advisory vote, the Say-on-Pay proposal is not binding on our Human Resources Committee or our Board. However, our Board and the Human Resources Committee value the views of our shareholders and will review and consider the voting results as we design our executive compensation program. We are asking shareholders to approve the following resolution at the Annual Meeting. RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Company s Named Executive Officers, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion, is hereby approved. Recommendation The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote For this resolution. 2026 Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation Executive compensation Compensation discussion analysis 37 Executive summary 37 Our compensation program philosophy 37 Our compensation principles 38 Compensation policies 39 2025 company performance highlights 40 2025 compensation highlights 42 Historic say-on-pay votes 42 Summary of our compensation elements 43 How we make compensation decisions 44 2025 executive compensation decisions 46 Key elements of fiscal 2025 compensation program 46 Base salary 47 Annual incentive compensation 48 Long-term incentive compensation 51 Long-term co-investment award 53 Timing of stock awards and other equity incentives 53 Benefits 53 Change of control and separation pay 54 Stock ownership guidelines 55 Hedging and pledging policy 55 Repricing policy 55 Clawback policy 55 Gross-up policy 56 Human resources committee report 56 Risk assessment of employee incentive plans 56 Compensation tables 58 Summary compensation table 58 Grants of plan-based awards for fiscal year end December 31, 2025 60 Outstanding equity awards at fiscal year end December 31, 2025 61 Option exercises and stock vested 63 Pension plan information 63 Pension distributions 65 Pension benefits 65 Non-qualified deferred compensation (excess and NQDC plans) 66 Qualified 401(k) plan, excess plan, and NQDC Plan 67 Severance plans 71 Change of control employment agreements 72 Potential payments upon termination related to a change of control 74 2025 CEO pay ratio 74 Pay versus performance 75 Pay versus performance table 75 Pay versus performance tabular list of most important financial performance measures 76 Pay versus performance relationship disclosure 76 36 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation Compensation discussion and analysis ( CD A ) Executive summary Focusing on our Named Executive Officers this CD A describes our compensation philosophy and program, the compensation decisions made under the program, and the factors considered in making those decisions. For 2025, our Named Executive Officers or NEOs were: Deanna D. Strable-Soethout Daniel J. Houston Joel M. Pitz Kamal Bhatia Amy C. Friedrich Christopher J. Littlefield Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer 1 Former Executive Chairman 2 Chief Financial Officer 3 President and CEO, Principal Asset Management President, Benefits and Protection President, Retirement and Income Solutions 1 Ms. Strable-Soethout previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer and was appointed President and CEO effective January 7, 2025. Effective September 2, 2025, the Board elected Ms. Strable-Soethout to the additional role of Chair of the Board. 2 Mr. Houston served as Chairman and CEO through January 7, 2025, and as Executive Chairman through September 2, 2025, when he retired from the Board. 3 Mr. Pitz became Chief Financial Officer on May 19, 2025, after serving as Interim Chief Financial Officer beginning in August 2024. 2026 Proxy Statement 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation The primary principles that guide our compensation program are summarized below. 1 Attract and retain Attract and retain talented executives, and motivate them to perform at the highest level and contribute significantly to the Company s long-term success. 2 Pay for performance Reinforce the Company s pay for performance culture by making a significant portion of total compensation variable and by differentiating awards based on Company and individual performance in achieving short- and long-term financial and strategic objectives. 3 Emphasize at risk compensation Have a greater percentage of compensation at risk for executives who bear higher levels of responsibility for the Company s performance. 4 Align with shareholders Align the interests of executives and other stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, and employees, by having a significant portion of the executives compensation in stock and requiring executives to hold stock. 5 Support corporate governance Support important corporate governance principles and established best practices. 38 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation Compensation policies What we do What we do not do We Have an Independent Consultant. Compensation Advisory Partners is selected and retained by the Human Resources Committee to advise on the executive compensation program and to advise the Nominating and Governance Committee on compensation for non-employee Directors. We Review Risk. Reviews and analyses of the Company s employee incentive compensation plans are conducted on a regular basis to determine whether the plans are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. We Emphasize Variable Compensation. Most compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers is variable and at risk, linked to meeting our short-term and long-term financial and strategic goals and linked to the performance of the Company s stock over time. We Have a Minimum Vesting Period. The Principal Financial Group, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan provides equity governance enhancements including a minimum one-year vesting requirement on equity awards and a prohibition on share recycling (i.e., shares withheld for tax purposes will not be added back into the share reserve). We Have Executive Ownership Requirements. Executives are required to own a meaningful amount of stock in the Company to ensure their interests are aligned with shareholders interests and with the Company s long-term performance. We Have Clawback Policies. The Human Resources Committee has adopted a mandatory compensation recovery policy, in compliance with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and related Nasdaq Stock Market rules, that applies to our Section 16 Officers, including our Named Executive Officers, and a discretionary compensation recovery policy that applies to both our Section 16 Officers and other senior executives, providing for repayments by the executives of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation that is based on incorrect financial statements or executive misconduct. We Have Market Severance Protection. Executives are eligible for market-based severance protection under The Principal Financial Group, Inc. Executive Severance Plan if they are terminated because of layoffs, position elimination, or similar reasons. We Have Tax and Accounting Efficiency. The Committee considers the tax and accounting consequences of each element of compensation. We Do Not Allow Hedging of Securities. Principal prohibits all employees, including Named Executive Officers, from purchasing any Principal securities on margin; engaging in short sales or trading in any put or call options; and purchasing, directly or indirectly, any financial instrument (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds) that is designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of Principal securities. We Do Not Have Excessive Perquisites. Modest additional benefits to help attract and retain executive talent and enable executives to focus on Company business with minimal disruption are offered. We Do Not Reprice Stock Options. Principal has not repriced underwater stock options and will not do so without shareholder approval. We Do Not Have Gross Ups. Executives do not receive any income tax gross-ups, except that all employees, including executives, receive an income tax gross-up in connection with benefits provided with relocation. 2026 Proxy Statement 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation 2025 company performance highlights We delivered strong results in 2025 and continue to focus on strategic areas for sustained growth Retirement Ecosystem, Small and Midsized Business, and Global Asset Management. The clear strategy and strong execution across these areas of focus delivered strong results in 2025 with top-line growth of 5% and strong expense management while investing for growth. We closed the year with momentum across our diversified business mix and remain committed to driving growth and unlocking value across the enterprise. In 2025, Principal reported $1.2 billion of net income attributable to Principal Financial Group, or $5.25 per diluted share. Non-GAAP operating earnings 1 was $1.9 billion, or $8.27 per diluted share, 2 a 19% increase compared to 2024. At the end of the year, we reported $781 billion of assets under management (AUM), a 10% increase from 2024 and $1.8 trillion of assets under administration (AUA), which includes AUM. Annual financial highlights Non-GAAP operating earnings 1 Non-GAAP operating EPS 2 Total company AUM managed by PFG $1.9B $8.27 $781B ( 14% vs. FY 2024) ( 19% vs. FY 2024) ( 10% vs. FY 2024) Excess and available capital Share repurchases Non-GAAP ROE 3 $1.6B $0.85B 15.2% Principal s diversified portfolio of businesses continued to prove resilient and delivered strong results in 2025. We returned $1.5 billion of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and common stock dividends. Long-term financial targets 4 Annual growth in earnings per share 2 Return on equity 3 Free capital flow conversion 5 9-12% 15-17% 75-85% 1 Non-GAAP operating earnings is defined as Net income attributable to PFG less Net realized capital gains (losses), as adjusted less Income (loss) from exited business. See Non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in Appendix B. 2 Non-GAAP operating earnings per diluted share. See Non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in Appendix B. 3 Non-GAAP return on equity ( ROE ) is defined as Non-GAAP operating earnings divided by average stockholders equity available to common stockholders excluding cumulative change in fair value of funds withheld embedded derivative and accumulated other comprehensive income other than foreign currency translation adjustment. See Non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in Appendix B. 4 Based on 2026 outlook. 5 Based on Non-GAAP net income attributable to PFG, excluding income or loss from exited business. See Non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in Appendix B. 40 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation The one-year total shareholder returns (TSR) were well above our insurance peers, but lagged asset management peers. Our three-year TSR lagged our insurance and asset manager peers and our five-year TSR were above our asset management peers, but slightly below our insurance peers. 1-, 3- and 5-year total shareholder return 1 : PFG vs. peers Financial Services, Insurance, and Asset Manager Peers are listed on page 45. 1 Our total shareholder return methodology includes the share price return and cash dividends paid during the time period December 31, 2024 through December 31, 2025 (1-year TSR), December 31, 2022, through December 31, 2025 (3-year TSR) and December 31, 2020, through December 31, 2025 (5-year TSR). 2026 Proxy Statement 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation 2025 compensation highlights In 2025, the Company s shareholders voted to approve the compensation program for our Named Executive Officers with approximately 95% of the shares voting in support of the program. The Company considered the strong shareholder support of the compensation program to be approval of the Company s compensation philosophy, which has not changed since that vote. 2025 CEO Compensation In January 2025, Ms. Strable-Soethout was appointed President and CEO and her base salary increased from $850,000 to $1,000,000. Her annual incentive target increased from 250% to 300%. The grant date fair value of her long-term incentive award was $8,870,708. Principal Financial Group Incentive Pay Plan (PrinPay Plan) payout for 2025 was $3,091,200. 2025 Annual Bonus Performance Based on the Company s 2025 annual performance achievements, many of which are outlined above, our 2025 incentive program was earned at 104% of target. Individual modifiers for our Named Executive Officers were 100% of the PrinPay score. 2023 2025 PSU Performance Based on the Company s three-year average Non-GAAP return on equity ( ROE ) and three-year average operating margin 1 performance, and the relative total shareholder return 2 metric, the 2023-2025 Performance Based RSUs ( PSUs ) vested on December 31, 2025, and 83% of the target number of shares were paid out in February 2026, according to the established performance scale, and approved by the Human Resources Committee. Historic say-on-pay votes Over the last three years, the Company s shareholders have expressed strong support for our Named Executive Officers compensation program, with approximately 95% of the shares voting in support of the program in 2025. The Company considered the strong shareholder support of the compensation program to be approval of our compensation philosophy. 1 Operating Margin is defined as Non-GAAP pre-tax operating earnings, divided by Non-GAAP gross profit. Non-GAAP gross profit is defined as total Non-GAAP operating revenues, less benefits, claims, and settlement expenses, liability for future policy benefits remeasurement (gain) loss, market risk benefit remeasurement (gain) loss, and dividends to policyholders. See Non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in Appendix B. 2 Relative Total Shareholder Return is defined as the Company s Total Shareholder Return during the Performance Period as compared to the Total Shareholder Return of the S P Financial Sector Index constituents during the Performance Period. 42 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation Summary of our compensation elements: Compensation component Objective Description and 2025 highlights Base salary Provides fixed income based on the size, scope, and complexity of the Named Executive Officers role, performance, and relative position compared to market pay information. In 2025, the Committee increased certain Named Executive Officers base salaries, as detailed on page 47 . Annual incentive ( PrinPay ) compensation Motivates and rewards overall corporate objectives as well as the Named Executive Officers contributions to achieving our annual objectives. A range of earnings opportunities, expressed as a percentage of base salary, is established for each Named Executive Officer. Actual bonuses depend on executive goals and overall Company performance and profitability. Company performance and profitability are measured by performance to goals on Non-GAAP Operating Earnings, Customer Driven Growth Metrics, People, Values, and Culture Score, and a Free Capital Flow modifier. Details of the program are outlined on pages 48 to 51 . Based on the Human Resources Committee s assessment, the Named Executive Officers earned bonuses at 100% of target, as detailed on pages 50 to 51 . Long-term incentive compensation Motivates and rewards long-term corporate performance as well as the Named Executive Officers contributions to achieving our long-term objectives. Reinforces the link between the interests of the Named Executive Officers and shareholders. Encourages retention. Each year, the Human Resources Committee establishes the long-term award opportunity for each Named Executive Officer. Awards are granted 70% in PSUs and 30% in time-based RSUs. PSUs are intended to incentivize participants to deliver on the Company s defined financial goals. The value to participants varies based on the degree of achievement against those goals. PSUs typically have a three-year performance period and beginning in 2025 are measured on 50% average Non-GAAP ROE and 50% Cumulative Earnings Per Share. PSUs are subject to a Relative Total Shareholder Return ( RTSR ) metric with a range of 80% to 120%. We believe these are important metrics because Cumulative Earnings Per Share reflects the Company s ability to generate sustainable earnings growth for shareholders over time, and Non-GAAP ROE measures our efficiency in managing capital. Non-GAAP ROE is also a key measure for our shareholders. Time-based RSUs are intended to align participants with the Company s long term value appreciation. RSUs have a three-year cliff vesting. Details of the program are outlined on pages 51 to 53 . Benefits Protects against catastrophic expenses and provides retirement savings opportunities. Our Named Executive Officers participate in most of the same benefit plans as the Company s other U.S.-based employees, including health, life, disability income, vision and dental insurance, an employee stock purchase plan, 401(k) plan, and pension plan. Certain of the Named Executive Officers also participate in non-qualified retirement plans (defined benefit and defined contribution). Mr. Bhatia is not eligible for the pension plan or the non-qualified defined benefit plan. 2026 Proxy Statement 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation Compensation component Objective Description and 2025 highlights Perquisites Modest additional benefits to help attract and retain executive talent and enable Named Executive Officers to focus on Company business with minimal disruption. Named Executive Officers are eligible for one physical examination per year, business spousal travel, and gifts of nominal value given to sales conference attendees. The Human Resources Committee approved the ability of Named Executive Officers to participate in Principal Asset Management investment products on a reduced or no-fee basis. The Human Resources Committee also approved our CEO s and Executive Chairman s use of our corporate aircraft for limited personal travel. Termination benefits Provides temporary income following a Named Executive Officer s involuntary termination of employment, and, in the case of a change of control, helps ensure the continuity of management through the transition. A discussion of our change of control and separation benefits is on pages 71 to 74. These benefits do not include excise tax gross ups. How we make compensation decisions Human Resources Committee involvement The Human Resources Committee, which is comprised entirely of independent Directors, oversees our overall compensation program, including compensation of our Named Executive Officers. In carrying out its responsibility for the 2025 compensation design, the Human Resources Committee retained the advisory services of Compensation Advisory Partners. Compensation Advisory Partners also advises the Nominating and Governance Committee on compensation for non-employee Directors (see pages 31 to 33). Compensation Advisory Partners receives compensation from the Company only for its work in advising these Committees. Compensation Advisory Partners does not and would not be allowed to perform services for management. The Committee assessed the independence factors in applicable SEC rules, Nasdaq Listing Standards, and other facts and circumstances and concluded that the services performed by Compensation Advisory Partners did not raise any conflict of interest. Members of management, including the CEO, do not have a role in determining their own compensation. The CEO is not present when the Committee determines her compensation. The Committee consults with the independent Directors regarding the CEO s performance and then determines the CEO s compensation for the current year and the CEO s compensation opportunity for the following year. Each year, the CEO with input from our Human Resources Department and the compensation consultant recommends the amount of base salary increase (if any), annual incentive award, and long-term incentive award for our Named Executive Officers other than herself. These recommendations are based on the Named Executive Officer s performance, performance of the business areas for which the Named Executive Officer is responsible (if applicable), and other considerations such as retention. The Human Resources Committee reviews these recommendations and approves compensation decisions for each Named Executive Officer. The role of the independent compensation consultant and interaction with management The Human Resources Committee has the sole authority to hire, approve the compensation of, and terminate the engagement of the compensation consultant. The compensation consultant usually conducts an annual competitive review of compensation opportunities for each of the Named Executive Officers compared to the pay opportunities of similarly situated executives at the peer group companies (the Peer Group ). A comprehensive review of compensation programs for the CEO and all of her direct reports is typically conducted every other year. In the years in which the compensation consultant does not conduct a compensation study, the Human Resources Committee makes compensation decisions in part based on survey data provided by the Human Resources 44 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal two advisory vote to approve executive compensation Department and input provided by the compensation consultant. The last comprehensive review of executive compensation was conducted in 2024. That review covered all aspects of the incentive program design and structure of the Company s overall compensation program for the Named Executive Officers, including: A competitive review of compensation opportunities for each of the Named Executive Officers compared to the pay opportunities of similarly situated executives at Peer Group companies; An analysis to ensure that total share dilution and the economic costs of long-term incentives are reasonable and affordable for the Company; and A historical market review of performance goals in incentive plans and incentive payout outcomes. The compensation consultant: Attended five meetings of the Human Resources Committee in 2025, as requested by the Committee Chair; and Reviewed and commented on drafts of the Compensation Discussion Analysis and related compensation tables for this proxy statement. Use of compensation data The Human Resources Committee determines the Peer Group companies it uses to compare the Named Executive Officers compensation as part of the compensation consultant s biennial study. The compensation consultant recommends an appropriate Peer Group of public, similarly sized, diversified financial services, insurance, and asset management companies, considering the Company s and the Peer Group companies strategy, mix of business, and size, as measured primarily by annual revenues, market capitalization, and total assets. These companies are the major competitors in one or more of the Company s businesses, but none represent the exact business mix of the Company. Principal targets compensation for the Named Executive Officers at the median compensation of the named executive officers at the Peer Group companies. The Peer Group used for 2025 compensation decisions included the following companies: Financial service and insurance Asset managers Ameriprise Financial Equitable Holdings Lincoln National MetLife Prudential Financial Unum Group Voya Financial Affiliated Managers Gro