=== PFG_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Principal Financial Group, Inc. ( PFG ) is a leader in global financial services offering businesses, individuals and institutional clients a wide range of financial products and services, including retirement, asset management and workplace benefits and protection solutions through our diverse family of financial services companies. We had $1,814.6 billion in assets under administration ( AUA ), including $781.0 billion in assets under management ( AUM ) as of December 31, 2025. Our global asset management businesses serve a broad range of institutional, retirement, high net worth, and retail investors worldwide. Our focused investment teams provide diverse, long-term investment capabilities including equity, fixed income, real estate, and other alternative investments, as well as fund offerings. Our international asset management and accumulation businesses focus on the opportunities created as aging populations around the world drive increased demand for retirement accumulation, retirement asset management and retirement income management solutions. In the U.S., we offer a broad array of retirement and employee benefit and insurance solutions to meet the needs of the business owner and their employees. We are a leading provider of defined contribution plans, nonqualified plans, defined benefit plans and pension risk transfer services. We are also a leading employee stock ownership plan ( ESOP ) consultant. In addition, we are one of the largest providers of specialty benefits and insurance solutions for business owners and their employees. We believe small and medium-sized businesses are an underserved market, offering attractive growth opportunities in the retirement and employee benefit markets. Our Reportable Segments We organize our businesses into the following reportable segments: Retirement and Income Solutions; Principal Asset Management and Benefits and Protection. We also have a Corporate segment, which consists of the assets and activities that have not been allocated to any other segment. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 20, Segment Information for financial results of our segments. Retirement and Income Solutions Segment Our asset accumulation activities in the U.S. date back to the 1940s when we first began providing pension plan products and services. We offer a comprehensive portfolio of products and services for retirement savings along with select products for retirement income: To businesses of all sizes, we offer products and services for defined contribution plans, including 401(k) and 403(b) plans; defined benefit plans; nonqualified executive benefit plans; stock services, including ESOPs and equity compensation; and pension risk transfer services; To large institutional clients, we also offer investment only products, including guaranteed investment contracts ( GICs ); To employees of businesses and other individuals, we offer the ability to accumulate savings and provide an income stream for retirement and other purposes through mutual funds, individual variable annuities, registered index-linked annuities ( RILAs ) and bank products; and To retirement and non-retirement businesses, we offer trust and custody services. 4 Table of Contents Workplace Savings and Retirement Solutions ( WSRS ) We offer a wide variety of investment and administrative products and services for defined contribution plans, including 401(k) and 403(b) plans; defined benefit plans; nonqualified executive benefit plans and stock services, including ESOPs and equity compensation. Products WSRS products respond to the needs of plan sponsors seeking both administrative and investment services for defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans. The investment component of both the defined contribution and defined benefit plans may be in the form of a guaranteed account, separate account, a mutual fund offering or a collective investment trust. In addition, defined contribution plan sponsors may also offer their own employer securities as an investment option under the plan. We deliver both administrative and investment services to our defined contribution plan and defined benefit plan customers through annuity contracts, collective investment trusts and mutual funds. Group annuity contracts and collective investment trusts used to fund qualified plans are not required to be registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Our mutual fund service platform is called Principal Advantage. It is a qualified plan service package based on our series mutual fund, Principal Funds, Inc. ( PFI ). We offer investments covering the full range of stable value, equity, fixed income, real estate and international investment options managed by our Principal Asset Management segment as well as third party asset managers. In addition, WSRS offers plan sponsors trust services through an affiliated trust company. As of December 31, 2025, we provided WSRS products to (a) over 42,000 defined contribution plans including $625.3 billion in assets and covering approximately 11.3 million eligible plan participants, and (b) to over 1,600 defined benefit plans, including $17.2 billion in assets and covering over 371,000 eligible plan participants. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 30% of our WSRS account values were managed by our Principal Asset Management segment, 66% were managed entirely by the third party asset managers that were not under contract to sub-advise a PFG product, 2% were sub-advised and 2% represented employer securities. Markets and Distribution We offer our WSRS products and services to plans, including qualified and nonqualified defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans. These products and services are offered to businesses of all sizes including plans sponsored by small and mid-sized businesses, which we believe remains underpenetrated, and large institutional clients. We distribute our WSRS products and services nationally, primarily through a captive retirement services sales force. Retirement services sales representatives are an integral part of the sales process alongside the referring consultant or independent advisor. We compensate retirement services sales representatives through a blend of salary and production-based incentives. We administer, on behalf of the plan, commission or fee payments to independent advisors, consultants and agents. In addition, we have a staff of service and education specialists located across the U.S. These specialists play a key role in the ongoing servicing of plans by providing local services to our customers, such as reviewing plan performance, investment options and plan design, communicating the customers needs and feedback to us and helping employees understand the benefits of their plans. The following summarizes our distribution channels: We distribute our annuity-based products through intermediaries who are primarily state licensed individuals. Principal Advantage platform is targeted at defined contribution plans through broker-dealer distribution channels. Principal Advantage gives us access to Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) registered distributors who are not traditional sellers of annuity-based products and broadens opportunities for us in the investment advisor and broker-dealer distribution channels. Through our Retire Secure strategy we provide financial education and other assistance to individual investors who are participants/members of employer-based accumulation solutions to help them achieve financial security. We believe our approach to WSRS plan services distribution, which gives us a targeted sales and service presence, along with our offering of Principal Total Retirement Solutions differentiates us from many of our competitors. We have also established a number of marketing and distribution relationships to increase the sales of our products and services. 5 Table of Contents Individual Annuities Individual annuities includes individual variable annuities and RILAs, which are savings vehicles through which the customer makes one or more deposits of varying amounts and intervals, that are offered to individuals. Products Our individual variable deferred annuities provide customers with the flexibility to allocate their deposits to mutual funds managed by the Principal Asset Management segment or unaffiliated third party asset managers, with variable and guaranteed options. Generally speaking, the customers bear the investment risk for the variable options and have the right to allocate their assets among various separate mutual funds. The value of the annuity fluctuates in accordance with the experience of the mutual funds chosen by the customer. Customers have the option to allocate all or a portion of their account to our guaranteed option, in which case we credit interest at rates we determine, subject to contractual minimums. As of December 31, 2025, of our $7.4 billion variable annuity account balances invested in mutual funds, 88% was allocated to mutual funds managed by the Principal Asset Management segment and our guaranteed option. The remaining balance was allocated to mutual funds managed by unaffiliated third party asset managers. Customers may elect a living benefit guarantee (commonly known in the industry as a guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit, or GMWB ). We bear the GMWB investment risk. Our goal is to hedge the GMWB investment risk through the use of sophisticated risk management techniques. As of December 31, 2025, $4.7 billion of the $7.4 billion of variable annuity separate account values had the GMWB rider. Our major source of revenue from individual variable annuities is mortality and expense fees we charge to the customer, generally determined as a percentage of the market value of the assets held in a separate investment sub-account. Account balances of variable annuity contracts with the GMWB rider were invested in separate account investment options as follows: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 (in millions) Balanced funds $ 4,502.2 $ 5,411.5 Equity funds 133.8 125.9 Bond funds 33.8 41.1 Money market funds 13.8 17.0 Specialty funds 0.4 0.6 Total $ 4,684.0 $ 5,596.1 Percent of total variable annuity separate account values 64 % 67 % In addition, we offer RILAs, which provide policyholders with index-linked investment options and a fixed interest investment option, with different available term lengths. The index-linked investment options minimize negative index performance through floors or buffers. Customers may elect a GMWB. We bear the GMWB investment risk. Our goal is to hedge the GMWB investment risk through the use of risk management techniques. Markets and Distribution Our target markets for individual variable annuities and RILAs include owners, executives and employees of small and medium-sized businesses and individuals seeking to accumulate and/or eventually receive distributions of assets for retirement. We market variable annuities and RILAs to individuals for both qualified and nonqualified retirement savings. We sell our individual variable annuity products and RILAs primarily through our affiliated financial representatives, who accounted for 68%, 70% and 85% of annuity sales for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The remaining sales were made primarily through unaffiliated broker-dealer firms. Investment Only Products The two primary products for which we provide investment only services are GICs and funding agreements. GICs and funding agreements pay a specified rate of return. The rate of return can be a floating rate based on an external market index or a fixed rate. Our investment only products contain provisions disallowing or limiting early surrenders, including penalties for early surrenders and minimum notice requirements. 6 Table of Contents Deposits to investment only products are predominantly in the form of single payments. As a result, the level of new deposits can fluctuate from one fiscal quarter to another. The amounts earned by us are derived in part from the difference between the investment income earned by us and the amount credited to the customer. The Principal Asset Management segment primarily manages the assets supporting the contractual promises. Markets and Distribution Funding agreements are issued directly to non-qualified institutions, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines ( FHLB Des Moines ) and unconsolidated special purpose entities. As part of our funding agreement-backed note programs, U.S. and foreign institutional investors purchase debt obligations from the special purpose entity which, in turn, purchases the funding agreement from us with terms similar to those of the debt obligations. The strength of this market is dependent on debt capital market conditions. As a result, our sales through this channel can vary widely from one quarter to another. Pension Risk Transfer Products Pension risk transfer products respond primarily to the needs of pension plan sponsors in the form of single premium group annuities, which are immediate or deferred annuities that provide a current or future specific income amount, fully guaranteed by us. The majority of our business originates from defined benefit plans that are being terminated. In these situations, the plan sponsor transfers all its obligations under the plan to an insurer by paying a single premium. Generally, plan sponsors restrict their purchases to insurance companies with superior or excellent financial quality ratings because the Department of Labor ( DOL ) has mandated that annuities be purchased only from the safest available insurers. Since premium received from pension risk transfer products is generally in the form of single payments, the level of premiums can fluctuate depending on the number of large-scale annuity sales in a particular quarter. The Principal Asset Management segment primarily manages the assets supporting pension risk transfer account values. Markets and Distribution Our primary distribution channel for pension risk transfer products is comprised of several specialized home office sales consultants working through consultants and brokers that specialize in this type of business. Our sales consultants also make sales directly to institutions. Our nationally dispersed retirement services sales representatives act as a secondary distribution channel for these products. Bank and Trust Services Principal Bank is a U.S. federal savings bank that was formed in February 1998. As of December 31, 2025, Principal Bank had nearly 816,000 customers and approximately $9.3 billion in assets. Principal Bank operates under a limited purpose charter and may only accept deposits held in a fiduciary capacity and may not hold demand deposits. It also may not own commercial loans or originate loans. Principal Custody Solutions ( PCS ) is a division of Principal Bank that provides trust and/or custodial support services to clients in a variety of market segments including corporations, endowments, foundations, health care organizations, insurance and financial institutions, public entities and government institutions. Principal Trust Company (the trade name for Delaware Charter Guarantee Trust) is a non-deposit trust company chartered in 1899 in the State of Delaware. As of December 31, 2025, Principal Trust Company has over 36,000 accounts and approximately $737.9 billion in assets under administration. Principal Trust Company provides trust and custodial services to certain retirement benefit plans and personal trusts. Products Individual retirement accounts ( IRAs ) are provided by Principal Bank, primarily funded by retirement savings rolled over from qualified retirement plans. Principal Bank offers Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insured cash solutions for customers in the form of savings accounts, money market accounts and certificates of deposit. The deposit products provide a relatively stable source of funding and liquidity for Principal Bank and are backed by purchases of investment securities and residential mortgage loans. In addition, Principal Bank serves as a trustee and/or custodian for institutional customers within its PCS business and facilitates cash sweep services for these customers as well as cash sweep services for customers of affiliates. 7 Table of Contents Principal Trust Company provides a variety of comprehensive trust and administrative solutions for employee benefits plans and personal trusts. It also provides trustee services for some retirement plan customers of PCS. Markets and Distribution Principal Bank offers products and services primarily to participants rolling out of qualified retirement plans largely serviced by affiliates of PFG. Principal Bank services customers by telephone, mail and internet. Principal Bank also serves as trustee and/or custodian for the non-retirement plan clients within the PCS business line. Principal Trust Company offers services through brokerage and financial institution relationships services primarily through affiliates of PFG and also leverages unaffiliated partners. Principal Trust Company also acts as trustee and/or custodian for the retirement plan clients that fall into the PCS business line. Individual Fixed Annuities In 2021, we ceased sales of individual fixed annuity products and in 2022, we reinsured the block of business existing as of January 1, 2022. Annuitizations from existing products occurring after this date are not reinsured. Principal Asset Management Segment Our Principal Asset Management segment provides global investment solutions to institutional, retirement, retail and high net worth investors in the U.S. and select emerging markets. Investment Management Our Investment Management operations manages assets for sophisticated investors around the world using global and local investment teams that provide diverse investment capabilities including equity, fixed income, asset allocation, real estate and other alternative investments. We focus on providing services to our other segments in addition to our retail mutual fund and third party institutional clients. Our products and services are provided for a fee as defined by client mandates. Our fees are generally driven by AUM. The Investment Management teams managed $593.9 billion in assets as of December 31, 2025. Global Investment Teams Equity Investments. Our equity capabilities encompass large-cap stocks, mid-cap stocks, small-cap stocks and real estate investment trusts in developed and emerging markets worldwide. Fixed Income Investments. Our experience in fixed income management spans multiple economic and credit market cycles and encompasses all major fixed income security types and sectors. Our research and risk management capabilities in worldwide debt markets provide a strong foundation for broadly diversified multi-sector portfolios, tailored to specific client objectives. Asset Allocation. Asset Allocation is a specialized asset allocation investment team offering multi-asset and/or multi-manager portfolio construction services that aim to deliver reliable, risk-adjusted investment outcomes to individual investors, institutional investors and participants in employer-sponsored plans. Real Estate and Other Alternative Investments. We offer products and services through other alternative asset classes including managing private real estate equity, commercial mortgages, bridge/mezzanine loans, direct lending and infrastructure debt. Global Markets and Distribution To effectively reach and cater to a diverse range of investors, we employ a multi-channel distribution strategy. Our Global Institutional Advisory Services and Global Wealth Advisory Services teams, relationship managers and client service professionals collaborate with consultants and directly interact with investors to acquire and retain institutional, retail and other investors. These teams are organized into three geographic groups: U.S./Europe clients, Asia Pacific/Middle East clients and Latin America clients. Additionally, we leverage partnerships with independent broker-dealers to further broaden our distribution reach. Local Investment Teams Chile. We offer voluntary savings plans, mutual funds, and asset management solutions. Products are distributed to retail and institutional clients through digital means as well as through our proprietary sales force, financial advisors, brokerage houses and alliances with financial institutions. 8 Table of Contents Mexico. We offer mutual funds and asset management services. We offer both domestic and international products, typically sold directly to institutional and retail clients. China. We offer mutual funds and asset management services to individuals and institutions through a joint venture, CCB Principal Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( CCBPAM ). We owned 25.0% of CCBPAM as of December 31, 2025. China Construction Bank ( CCB ) is the majority partner with 65.0% ownership. China Huadian Capital Holdings owns 10.0%. CCBPAM distributes its mutual funds through CCB and third party distributors such as banks, securities brokers and e-channels. Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. We offer mutual funds and investment management services to individuals and institutional investors. Products are distributed though our proprietary sales force and through third party intermediaries. Southeast Asia. We offer mutual funds, asset management services and retirement solutions through our joint ventures in Malaysia, Principal Asset Management Berhad ( PAM ) and Principal Islamic Asset Management Sdn. Bhd. ( PIAM ). The partner is CIMB Group ( CIMB ), a leading ASEAN universal bank that has strong presence in the region. PAM offers conventional and Islamic mutual funds, retirement solutions through the branches of CIMB and through its agency sales force selling to retail customers. PAM also distributes its mutual funds and retirement solutions through third party institutions including banks, security houses and digital platforms such as digital wallet and online marketplaces. PAM has subsidiaries in Singapore (Principal Asset Management (S) Pte. Ltd.), Indonesia (PT Principal Asset Management) and Thailand (Principal Asset Management Company Limited). PIAM offers Islamic asset management services to clients across Southeast Asia and the Middle East. PIAM also offers Islamic mutual funds in Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Europe. International Pension Our International Pension operations offer pension accumulation, income annuities and life insurance accumulation products in Latin America and Asia. We focus on locations with growing middle classes and affluent segments, favorable demographics and increasing long-term savings, ideally with defined contribution retirement markets. We also focus on markets with relevant size where we have competitive advantages. We entered these locations through acquisitions, start-up operations and joint ventures. Markets, Products and Distribution Latin America Brazil. We offer pension accumulation, income annuity and life insurance accumulation products through a co-managed joint venture Brasilprev Seguros e Previdencia S.A. ( Brasilprev ) with our partner with Banco do Brasil ( Banco ). We owned 25.0% of the economic interest and 50.0% of the voting shares as of December 31, 2025. Brasilprev has the exclusive distribution rights of its pension accumulation and income annuity products through the Banco network until October 2032. Our joint venture provides products for the retirement needs of individuals and employers. Banco s employees sell these products directly to individual clients through its bank branches and digital channels. In addition, our joint venture reaches corporate clients through two wholesale distribution channels: (1) a network of independent brokers who sell to the public and (2) Banco s corporate account executives who sell to existing and prospective corporate clients. Chile. We offer mandatory employee-funded pension and voluntary savings plans through Administradora de Fondos de Pensiones Cuprum S.A. ( Cuprum ). We owned 98.0% of Cuprum as of December 31, 2025, and the rest is publicly floated. Cuprum s products are sold through digital means and via a proprietary sales network. We offer income annuity and life insurance accumulation solutions through Principal Compa a de Seguros de Vida Chile S.A., our wholly owned life insurance company. The annuity products are distributed directly by our sales teams and through a network of brokers and independent agents. Life insurance accumulation products are offered to individuals through brokers and financial advisors and through digital means. In January 2026, an agreement was reached to sell our annuities business in Chile, subject to regulatory approvals. We expect the transaction to close in the third quarter of 2026. For additional information, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 24, Subsequent Events. Mexico. We offer mandatory and voluntary pension plans through Principal Afore, S.A. de C.V., Principal Grupo Financiero. We manage and administer individual retirement accounts under the mandatory privatized social security system for formal employees in Mexico. We distribute products and services through a proprietary sales force as well as independent brokers who sell directly to individuals. 9 Table of Contents Asia China. We offer entrust, account services and investment management for individual and group retirement security products through a joint venture, CCB Pension Management Co., Ltd. ( CCBP ). We owned 17.6% of CCBP as of December 31, 2025. CCB is the majority partner with 70.0% ownership. The Social Security Fund of China owns 12.4%. Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. We offer two types of pension saving schemes, Mandatory Provident Fund ( MPF Schemes ) and Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance, which we distribute through third party intermediaries such as insurance companies, independent financial advisors, brokers and employee benefit consultants. On January 16, 2025, we announced the signing of an agreement with Bank Consortium Trust Company ( BCT ) to expand our investment management capabilities and exit our sponsor and trustee (pension) roles in Hong Kong for MPF Schemes. The transaction is expected to close in 2026. Benefits and Protection Segment Our Benefits and Protection segment activities date back to 1879 when we first began selling individual life insurance products. We expanded our offering to include group insurance products in the 1940s and have continued to expand our product portfolio over time. We are uniquely positioned to protect businesses through our broad set of solutions, our expertise and the experiences we offer. We protect their employees by offering a comprehensive set of employee benefits that helps recruit and retain talent including nonqualified deferred compensation, employer paid and voluntary group benefits, and guaranteed standard issue life and individual disability insurance. We protect their business in the event of a death, disability or resignation of a key employee or future change in management through business owner solutions and disability solutions. We protect business owners and their personal needs by helping maintain their lifestyle through life or disability insurance and building and protecting their retirement savings. We organize our operations into two divisions: Specialty Benefits and Life Insurance. However, we share key resources in our core areas such as strategic leadership, distribution, operations and marketing. Specialty Benefits Specialty Benefits, which includes group dental, life, disability insurance, supplemental health and individual disability insurance, is an important component of the employee benefit offering primarily at small and medium-sized businesses. We serve approximately 103,000 employer groups, providing 321,000 total coverages to more than 3,300,000 employees. Products and Services Group Dental Insurance. Our dental plans provide partial reimbursement for covered dental expenses. We offer indemnity and preferred provider organization dental products on both an employer-paid and voluntary basis, and we also offer a national discount dental product. According to the Life Insurance and Market Research Association ( LIMRA ), we were the third-largest group dental insurer in 2024 based on the number of contracts and employer groups in force. Group Life Insurance. Our group life insurance provides coverage to employees and their dependents for a specified period. We offer traditional group life insurance that does not provide for the accumulation of cash values on both an employer-paid and voluntary basis, and our business remains focused on the traditional, annually renewable term product. We no longer market group universal life insurance to new employer groups. According to LIMRA, we were the top-ranked group life insurer in the United States in 2024 based on the number of group life insurance contracts in force. Group Disability Insurance. Our group disability insurance provides benefits to insured employees who become disabled. In most instances, this benefit is in the form of a monthly or weekly income. Our group disability products include short-term and long-term disability, offered on either an employer paid or voluntary basis. We also provide paid family and medical leave ( PFML ) on a limited basis, which provides paid leave for specified family care needs or an employee s own serious health condition. As of December 31, 2025, we have sold PFML in four states. We plan to expand to other states in the future. We also provide disability management services, called rehabilitation services, to assist individuals in returning to work as quickly as possible following disability. We work with disability claimants to improve the approval rate of Social Security benefits, thereby reducing payment of benefits by the amount of Social Security payments received. According to LIMRA, our group short-term disability business was ranked 4th and our group long-term disability business was ranked 2nd in the U.S. as of December 31, 2024, in terms of number of contracts/employer groups in force. 10 Table of Contents Supplemental Health. Our supplemental health products include vision, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity insurance. Our vision offerings include both indemnity and managed-care plans, available on an employer-paid or voluntary basis, and designed to reimburse a portion of eligible vision expenses. We also provide voluntary critical illness coverage that delivers a lump-sum benefit upon diagnosis of a covered condition, voluntary accident coverage that pays a lump-sum benefit for injuries resulting from an accident and hospital indemnity coverage that offers a lump-sum benefit to help manage the costs of hospitalization. Individual Disability Insurance. Individual disability insurance has been sold since the early 1950s. Our individual disability insurance products provide income protection to the insured member and/or business in the event of disability. In most instances, this benefit is in the form of a monthly income. In addition to income replacement, we offer products to pay business-related costs such as overhead expenses for a disabled business owner, buy-out costs for business owners purchasing a disabled owner s interest in the business, expenditures for replacement of a key person and business loan payments. We also offer a product to protect retirement savings in the event of disability. According to LIMRA, our individual disability business was ranked 4th in the U.S. in terms of premium in force in the non-cancellable segment of the market and 4th overall, as of December 31, 2024. Fee-for-Service. We offer administration of group dental, disability and vision benefits on a fee-for-service basis. Life Insurance We specialize in providing solutions primarily for small to medium-sized businesses to protect against risk and loss, assist with succession planning and wealth transfer and to build and protect wealth for retirement. We also provide solutions to meet the personal needs of business owners, executives and key employees. In 2021, we narrowed our focus to the business market and ceased sales to the retail consumer market. In 2022, we reinsured our universal life with secondary guarantee ( ULSG ) block of business. Our U.S. operations administered approximately 710,000 individual life insurance policies with over $570.0 billion of individual life insurance in force as of December 31, 2025. Products and Services Our Business Owner Solutions platform as well as our nonqualified deferred compensation offering combines administration and consulting to service our clients needs. We focus on the business and personal insurance needs of owners, executives and key employees primarily of small and medium-sized businesses with an emphasis on providing insurance solutions for nonqualified executive benefits. We no longer market our products to retail customers. We offer a variety of individual life insurance products, both interest sensitive (including universal life, variable universal life and indexed universal life insurance) and traditional. Interest Sensitive. Interest sensitive includes universal life ( UL ), variable universal life and indexed universal life insurance products; however, we no longer market universal life insurance with lifetime secondary guarantee provisions. These products offer the policyholder the option of adjusting both the premium and the death benefit amounts of the insurance contract. Universal life insurance typically includes a cash value account that accumulates at a credited interest rate based on the investment returns of the block of business. Variable universal life insurance is credited with the investment returns of the various investment options selected by the policyholder. Indexed universal life is credited with investment returns tied to an external index, subject to a contractual minimum and maximum. For the year ended December 31, 2025, interest sensitive products represented 18% of individual life insurance in force and generated 74% of individual life insurance annualized first year premium sales. After a deduction for policy level expenses, we credit net deposits to an account maintained for the policyholder. For universal life contracts, the entire account balance is invested in the general account. Interest is credited to the policyholder s account based on the earnings on general account investments, subject to contractual minimums. For variable universal life contracts, the policyholder may allocate the account balance among our general account and a variety of separate accounts underlying the contract. Interest is credited on amounts allocated to the general account in the same manner as for universal life. Net investment performance on separate accounts is allocated directly to the policyholder accounts; the policyholder bears the investment risk. For indexed universal life, the policyholder may allocate the account balance among our general account and two index accounts. Interest is credited on amounts allocated to the general account in the same manner as for universal life. Net investment performance on the index accounts is allocated directly to the policyholder accounts, subject to the contractual minimum and maximum. Some of our interest sensitive contracts contain what are commonly referred to as secondary or no-lapse guarantee provisions. These no-lapse guarantees keep the contract in force, even if the policyholder s account balance is insufficient to cover all of the contract charges, provided that the policyholder has continually paid a specified minimum premium. 11 Table of Contents Traditional Life Insurance. Traditional life insurance includes term, whole and adjustable life insurance products; however, we no longer market whole and adjustable life insurance products. Term insurance products provide a guaranteed death benefit for a specified period of time in return for the payment of a fixed premium. Term life insurance products represented 81% of individual life insurance in force as of December 31, 2025, and 26% of our individual life insurance annualized first year premium sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. Whole life policies provide a guaranteed death benefit and a cash surrender value in return for payment of fixed premiums. Adjustable life insurance products provide a guaranteed benefit in return for the payment of a fixed premium while allowing the policyholder to set the coverage period, premium and face amount combination. Benefits and Protection Markets and Distribution For each of our products, administration and distribution channels are customized to meet customer needs and expectations for that product. We market our group insurance products primarily to small and medium-sized businesses, through brokers and consultants. We sell our group insurance products in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. We continually adapt our products and pricing to meet local market conditions and to comply with state and federal legislation. We market our fee-for-service capabilities to employers that self-insure their employees dental, disability and vision benefits. We market our fee-for-service businesses in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. The group insurance market continues to see a shift to voluntary/worksite products due to various pressures on employers. In keeping with this market change, which shifts the funding of such products from the employer to the employee, we continue to place an enhanced focus on our voluntary benefits platform. We believe the voluntary/worksite market presents growth opportunities and we will continue to develop strategies to capitalize on this expanding market. As of December 31, 2025, we had 139 sales representatives and 183 service representatives in 26 local markets. Our sales representatives accounted for 100% of our group insurance sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. The service representatives play a key role in servicing the case by providing local, responsive services to our customers and their brokers, such as renewing contracts, revising plans, solving administrative issues and communicating the customers needs and feedback to us. We sell our individual life and individual disability insurance products in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, primarily targeting owners, executives and key employees of small and medium-sized businesses. Small and medium-sized business sales represented 100% of individual life sales and 74% of individual disability sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. Our life insurance sales efforts focus on the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation and the Business Solutions market. This strategy offers solutions to address business owner financial challenges such as exiting the business, business transition, retaining key employees and retirement planning. Key employees also have needs to supplement retirement income, survivor income and business protection. We believe the Business Owner Solutions segment offers growth opportunities and we will continue to develop strategies to capitalize on this expanding market. We distribute our individual life and individual disability insurance products through our affiliated financial representatives and independent brokers, as well as other marketing and distribution alliances. To meet the needs of the various marketing channels, particularly the independent brokers, we employ wholesale distributors Regional Vice Presidents for nonqualified, business solutions and individual disability. Corporate Segment Our Corporate segment manages the assets representing capital that has not been allocated to any other segment. Financial results of the Corporate segment primarily reflect our financing activities (including financing costs), income on capital not allocated to other segments, inter-segment eliminations, income tax risks and certain income, expenses and other adjustments not allocated to the segments based on the nature of such items. Results of Principal Securities, Inc., our retail broker-dealer and registered investment advisor, and our exited group medical and long-term care insurance businesses are reported in this segment. 12 Table of Contents Competition Competition is based on several factors including customer segments, product types and features, external peer comparisons, go-to-market strategies, compensation structure, price, performance, capital markets, capital liquidity and financial strength ratings. We compete with many financial services companies, such as banks, mutual funds, institutional trust companies, broker-dealers, insurers, recordkeepers, asset managers and wealth managers. Some of these companies may offer a broader array of products, more competitive pricing, greater diversity of distribution sources, better brand recognition or, with respect to insurers, higher financial strength ratings. Some may have greater financial resources with which to compete or have better investment performance at various times. We distinguish ourselves from our competitors through three positional advantages: our privileged customer access through small and midsized businesses, retirement ecosystem and global asset management; our extensive solutions and expertise integrated within and across our business segments; and our focus on attractive markets. Ratings Insurance companies are assigned financial strength ratings by rating agencies based upon factors relevant to policyholders. Financial strength ratings are generally defined as opinions as to an insurer s financial strength and ability to meet ongoing obligations to policyholders. Information about ratings provides both industry participants and insurance consumers meaningful insights on specific insurance companies. Higher ratings generally indicate financial stability and a stronger ability to pay claims. Principal Life and Principal National Life Insurance Company ( PNLIC ) have been assigned the following insurer financial strength ratings: Rating Agency Financial Strength Rating Rating Structure A.M. Best Company, Inc. A+ ( Superior ) with a stable outlook Second highest of 13 rating levels Fitch Ratings Ltd. AA ( Very Strong ) with a stable outlook Fourth highest of 19 rating levels Moody s Investors Service A1 ( Good ) with a stable outlook Fifth highest of 21 rating levels S P Global Ratings A+ ( Strong ) with a stable outlook Fifth highest of 20 rating levels A.M. Best Company, Inc. ( A.M. Best ) ratings for insurance companies range from A++ to S . A.M. Best indicates that A++ and A+ ratings are assigned to those companies that in A.M. Best s opinion have superior ability to meet ongoing insurance obligations. Fitch Ratings Ltd. ( Fitch ) ratings for insurance companies range from AAA to C . Fitch AA ratings indicate very strong capacity to meet policyholder and contract obligations. Moody s Investors Service ( Moody s ) ratings for insurance companies range from Aaa to C . Moody s indicates that A ratings are assigned to those companies that offer good financial security. S P Global Ratings ( S P ) has ratings that range from AAA to D for insurance companies. S P indicates that A ratings are assigned to those companies that have strong financial security characteristics. In evaluating a company s financial and operating performance, these rating agencies review its profitability, leverage and liquidity, as well as its book of business, the adequacy and soundness of its reinsurance, the quality and estimated market value of its assets, the adequacy of its policy reserves, the soundness of its risk management programs, the experience and competency of its management and other factors. We believe our strong ratings are an important factor in marketing our products to our distributors and customers, as ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. Our ratings reflect each rating agency s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our obligations to policyholders and are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors. Such ratings are neither a rating of securities nor a recommendation to buy, hold or sell any security, including our common stock. For more information on ratings, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Financial Strength and Credit Ratings. Regulation Our businesses are subject to regulation and supervision by U.S. federal, state and broker-dealer regulatory authorities as well as non-U.S. regulatory authorities for our operations and customers outside the U.S. Our businesses are also subject to U.S. federal, state and local tax laws as well as tax laws for jurisdictions outside the U.S. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we are subject to laws and regulations of jurisdictions where we register and sell products, even if we do not have a physical operating presence. PFG, our parent holding company, is not licensed as an insurer, investment advisor, broker-dealer, bank or other regulated entity. However, because it is the holding company for our collective operations, it is subject to regulation in connection with our regulated entities, including as an insurance holding company. We are subject to legal and regulatory requirements applicable to public companies, including public reporting and disclosure, securities trading, accounting and financial reporting and corporate governance. 13 Table of Contents U.S. Insurance Laws and Regulations We are subject to the insurance holding company laws in the states where our insurance companies are domiciled. Principal Life and PNLIC are domiciled in Iowa and their principal insurance regulatory authority is the Insurance Division of the Department of Commerce of the State of Iowa. Our other U.S. insurance companies are principally regulated by the insurance departments of the states in which they are domiciled. These laws require each insurance company directly or indirectly owned by the holding company to register with the insurance department in the insurance company s state of domicile and to furnish financial and other information about the operations of the companies within the holding company system. Transactions affecting the insurers in the holding company system must be fair and at arm s length. Most states have insurance laws that require regulatory approval of a direct or indirect change in control of an insurer or an insurer s holding company and laws that require prior notification to state insurance departments of a change in control of a non-domiciliary insurance company doing business in that state. Annually, our U.S. insurance companies must submit an opinion from a board-appointed qualified actuary to state insurance regulators, where licensed, on whether the statutory assets backing statutory reserves are sufficient to meet contractual obligations and related expenses of the insurer. If such an opinion cannot be rendered noting the sufficiency of assets, the insurance company must set up additional statutory reserves drawing from available statutory surplus until such an opinion can be given. State insurance departments have broad administrative powers over the insurance business, including insurance company licensing and examination, agent licensing, establishment of reserve requirements and solvency standards, premium rate regulation, admittance of assets to statutory surplus, policy form approval, unfair trade and claims practices regulation and other matters. State insurance statutes also typically place restrictions and limitations on the amount of dividends or other distributions payable by insurance company subsidiaries to their parent companies. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for further details. To enhance the regulation of insurer solvency, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ( NAIC ) has established risk-based capital ( RBC ) standards. The standards require life insurers to report annually to state regulators regarding their RBC based upon categories of risk including the following: asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk and business and operational risk. As of December 31, 2025, the statutory surplus of each of our U.S. life insurance companies exceeded the minimum RBC requirements. The following authorities regularly make inquiries and conduct routine examinations or investigations regarding our compliance with applicable laws and regulations: state and federal insurance regulatory authorities; state and federal securities regulatory authorities; federal agencies, such as the DOL; state law enforcement agencies and state attorneys general. Each state has insurance guaranty association laws under which insurers doing business in a state can be assessed, up to prescribed limits, to cover contractual benefit obligations of insolvent insurance companies. The guaranty associations of each state levy assessments on member insurers doing business in their states based on the proportionate share of the premiums written by such insurer in the lines of business in which the insolvent insurer is engaged. Some states permit the member insurers to recover the assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. U.S. Executive Orders The President of the United States manages the operations of the Executive branch of Government through Executive orders. As a U.S.-based business, we are subject to certain Executive orders that could affect our business, operations, regional footprint, risk management strategies and investments and increase our costs of compliance. Securities Regulation Insurance and investment products that require registration with the SEC, such as variable annuities, RILA, variable life insurance and some funding agreements that constitute securities and mutual fund products are subject to securities laws and regulations, including U.S. state securities regulation as well as U.S. federal regulation under the SEC, FINRA and other regulatory authorities. These regulations affect investment advice, sales and related activities for these products and the compliance oversight construct. 14 Table of Contents We operate registered broker-dealers that are subject to SEC and FINRA oversight as well as entities that are registered as investment advisors which are subject to the requirements of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940. Employee Retirement Income Security Act As we provide products and services for U.S. and Puerto Rico employee benefit plans, we are subject to regulation under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ( ERISA ). ERISA provisions include reporting and disclosure requirements and standards of conduct. Banking Regulation Principal Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary, is a U.S. federal savings bank regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Principal Bank s depositors are insured by the FDIC up to specified limits, making Principal Bank subject to certain of the FDIC s regulations. Trust Regulation Delaware Charter Guarantee Trust Company conducting business as Principal Trust Company, a wholly owned subsidiary, is a Delaware state-chartered trust company regulated by the State of Delaware Office of the State Bank Commissioner. Principal Trust Company is subject to Delaware banking and trust law. Principal Global Investors Trust Company, a wholly owned subsidiary, is an Oregon state registered banking corporation with trust powers regulated by the State of Oregon Division of Financial Regulations. Principal Global Investors Trust Company is subject to Oregon banking regulations. Environmental Regulation As we own and operate real property, we are subject to U.S. federal, state and local environmental laws, as well as international environmental laws and could be subject to environmental liabilities and costs associated with required remediation of our properties. We routinely have environmental assessments performed for real estate being acquired or used as collateral for commercial mortgages we use for investment. Regulation of International Businesses Our international businesses are supervised by regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they operate, including regulation and supervision by insurance, securities, tax and privacy regulatory authorities. The purpose of these regulations aligns with the purpose and intent of U.S. regulations and is primarily focused on consumer protection and prudency of the overall financial system. 15 Table of Contents Risk Management Like all financial services companies, we are exposed to a wide variety of financial, operational and other risks, as described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our enterprise risk management approach ensures appropriate resources, processes and controls are in place to identify, measure, monitor and manage risks within established limits and tolerances helping us: Identify and successfully manage risks that present profitable growth opportunities and avoid those that don t. Balance the sometimes-competing demands of various constituencies; meet our customer obligations, satisfy regulatory requirements and optimize shareholder returns relative to the risks we take. We utilize an integrated risk management framework to identify, analyze and mitigate internal and external risks. Execution of our risk management framework delivers perspective that is used in business decision making. Our approach to enterprise risk management is built upon a commitment to continual improvement and ongoing validation. Our governance structure includes Board of Directors ( Board ) oversight, internal risk committees, an enterprise risk management function and dedicated risk professionals with expertise representing each business area. The Board and its committees, which include Audit Committee, Finance Committee, Human Resources Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee, provide oversight no less frequently than quarterly, addressing relevant aspects of our risk profile. Our internal risk committees meet regularly to facilitate the management of issues and review the risk profile of their responsibilities. Each business area and functional area has its own committee responsible for oversight of the material risks within the area. We also have internal committees that provide oversight around certain types of risks across the organization. This matrix approach helps maintain comprehensive risk coverage and preserve an integrated view of risks. The Enterprise Risk Management Committee, comprised of members from the Executive Management Group ( EMG ), exercises enterprise-wide oversight for the most significant risk profiles. Business areas and functional areas have primary responsibility for identifying, assessing, monitoring, reporting and managing their own risks. Our enterprise risk management staff (independent of the business areas) work closely with the dedicated risk professionals aligned to the business areas and functional areas to provide objective oversight, framework enablement and aggregated risk analysis. This results in a model where risk management can be closer to actual risks while also facilitating effective oversight and consolidation at the enterprise level. Internal Audit provides independent, risk-based objective assurance and advice designed to add value and improve our operations. It helps us accomplish our objectives by bringing a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, internal control and governance processes; and by promoting continuous improvement. The Chief Internal Auditor reports functionally to the Board Audit Committee and administratively to our Chief Risk Officer. Risk appetites, tolerances and limits have been established from an enterprise-wide and business area perspective for specific risk categories, where appropriate. We monitor a variety of risk metrics on an ongoing basis and take appropriate steps to manage our established risk limits and escalation levels. Quarterly risk reporting provides a feedback loop between business areas, functional areas, our internal risk committees and the enterprise risk management function. This reporting also includes perspectives on emerging risk. To the extent potentially significant business activities or operational initiatives are considered, analysis of the possible impact on our risk profile takes place. This analysis includes, but is not limited to, the capital implications; the impact on near term and long-term earnings; the ability to meet our targets with respect to return on equity, liquidity, debt/capital, cash coverage, business risk and operational risk; and the impact to our reputation. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 19,700 people across the globe, including approximately 11,600 employees who work in the U.S. and 8,100 employees who work outside the U.S. Our employees work from many locations across multiple businesses and are united through a common purpose: to help more people and businesses around the world gain greater access to financial security. We start every relationship by understanding our customers unique journeys, challenges and aspirations. By combining this understanding with our global expertise, we deliver personalized insights, tools and resources to help more people save, invest and protect their financial future. Our purpose-driven culture attracts and retains talented individuals who share our commitment and together, we re building an organization where meaningful work and exceptional employee experiences drive better outcomes for customers, communities and the company. In 2025, our commitment to enabling high performing teams remained strong. We continue to attract, retain and develop the talent needed to deliver our enterprise strategy. Our talent initiatives focus on fostering a strong and supportive community, enabling a tailored approach to life and work, and granting access to boundless opportunity across the enterprise. Grounded in a clear and compelling employee value proposition, we are confident in our ability to build inclusive teams with the global talent necessary to succeed. 16 Table of Contents We invest in employee development in several ways, including experiential learning, growth assignments, relationships with colleagues, formal programming and just-in-time resources. We have an enterprise learning platform allowing for curated learning content aligned with enterprise priorities. This ensures employees have the skills necessary to contribute to our success now and into the future. These investments also ensure our employees can develop the skills most critical to their current and future career aspirations. We continue to pilot new programs to create space for employees to learn new skills and navigate their career. In 2025, we implemented enterprise-wide artificial intelligence and data literacy training. Additional targeted development opportunities exist for employees identified as high potential talent. We know an inclusive culture makes us stronger, and we remain committed to providing a work environment where every employee feels welcome, is respected and has an opportunity to thrive. We are committed to providing our leaders across the globe with regular training, with the goal of establishing more productive connections between teams and enabling thoughtful decision-making. As of December 31, 2025, we had fifteen employee resource groups and networks ( ERGs ), comprised of employees motivated to listen, reflect and provide cultural insights. Our ERGs, which are open to all employees, play an integral role in providing insights into our products, services, workplace and community. In 2025, we continued to invest in programs with measurable impact on employee engagement and retention, including our global mentoring program. Open to all employees, the mentoring program helps individuals achieve outcomes like expanding their network, building leadership skills and improving business acumen. Our Global Inclusion Summit sessions provided opportunities for employees to learn, connect and grow through conversations with senior executives and employees on a variety of inclusion-related topics. In 2025, we measured, in multiple ways, the progress of our efforts to attract and retain employees with a variety of lived experiences and perspectives. We also surveyed employees about their sense of belonging and reported the results through our Global People Inclusion Index. On an annual basis we partner with an external consultant to conduct a global pay equity study; we believe the results of this study place us in a best-in-class category as compared to financial services industry peers. We continuously strive to evolve our human capital policies and processes. To better understand and improve upon talent trends, we use an enterprise people scorecard, where we report employee data and insights on retention, learning, hiring, engagement and productivity. In 2025, we provided company-wide exit surveys to voluntarily departing employees and their leaders, enabling us to better understand turnover trends and rationales. Leaders conducted proactive employee stay conversations and quarterly performance check-ins. In addition, we actively monitored our Engagement Index, which is a clear indicator of employee engagement across the organization. These tools allowed us to gather insights and create actions to manage turnover, including tailored development opportunities and compensation increases for roles in high demand. Our customer focus, commitment to ethical practices, continuous learning opportunities and inclusive environment drive a strong culture where employees can thrive. The following table provides retention data for our employee workforce as of December 31, 2025. Global U.S. Average tenure, continuous years of service (1) 8.9 11.6 Annual turnover rate 16.1 % 10.4 % (1) Continuous years of service represents the number of years employed by us as of December 31, 2025. Our competitive total rewards offerings are critical components of our employee value proposition. The programs for the broader employee population include our employee stock purchase plan and our annual incentive program. For select roles, we offer a long-term incentive plan, which is a stock-based compensation plan. Critical talent and high performing employees are eligible to receive stock awards under our discretionary stock program. Retirement programming for U.S. employees includes eligibility for our 401(k) plan, with a robust company match. Additionally, employees outside our asset management business are eligible to participate in a cash balance defined benefit plan. Outside the U.S., retirement programming varies by country and commonly exceeds statutory requirements. We also offer employees a comprehensive suite of health and welfare benefits, designed to offer support through all stages of their career and life. We put special emphasis on employee wellbeing by offering a wide range of programming aimed at improving overall health, including a state-of-the-art wellness center at our global headquarters in Des Moines, Iowa, and gym reimbursement at other locations. 17 Table of Contents Alongside competitive rewards, we offer our global workforce many ways to support their communities and causes. We encourage in-person and virtual volunteerism through our volunteer time off policy. As an example of this, at the Community Learning Center housed at our global headquarters, employees have ready access to a variety of volunteer opportunities, including the ability to mentor students, provide professional development coaching and teach future-ready job skills such as coding. A generous Dollars for Doers program provides employees a microgrant credit based on volunteer hours they record in our Corporate Social Responsibility platform, enabling employees to contribute earned credits to any nonprofit they choose. We also offer a giving program through which Principal Foundation provides a 50% match on employee monetary contributions, with the match going directly to the organization to which the employee has donated. Internet Website Our internet website can be found at www.principal.com. We make available free of charge, on or through our internet website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with or furnished to the SEC. These reports are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Also available free of charge on our internet website is our code of business conduct and ethics, corporate governance guidelines and charters for the Audit, Finance, Human Resources and Nominating and Governance committees of the Board. Also see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Item 1A. Risk Factors In the discussion below, we exclude investments held under coinsurance with funds withheld reinsurance agreements when providing details related to our investment portfolio, as these assets support related obligations and are less relevant to investor risk assessment. Risks relating to economic conditions, market conditions and investments Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, as well as our access to capital and cost of capital. We maintain a level of cash and securities which, combined with expected cash inflows from investments and operations, is believed adequate to meet anticipated short-term and long-term benefit and expense payment obligations. Withdrawal and surrender levels may vary due to economic conditions or changes in our financial strength ratings. For additional information regarding our exposure to interest rate risk and the impact of a downgrade in our financial strength ratings, see risk factors entitled Changes in interest rates or credit spreads or a prolonged low interest rate environment may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and our net income can vary from period to period and A downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings may increase policy surrenders and withdrawals, reduce new sales, terminate relationships with distributors, impact existing liabilities and increase our cost of capital, any of which could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. In addition, mark-to-market adjustments on our investments and derivative instruments may lead to fluctuations in our reported capital. Volatility, uncertainty or disruptions in the capital or credit markets may result in the need for additional capital to maintain a targeted level of U.S. statutory capital relative to the NAIC s RBC requirements. If internal sources of liquidity are insufficient, we may need external financing, which may not be available on favorable terms. The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as customers or lenders perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. Negative regulatory authority or rating agency actions may impair our access to external funds. Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit our access to capital required to operate our business, most significantly our insurance operations. Market conditions may hinder our ability to meet obligations, satisfy capital requirements, and access the capital needed to grow our business. We may face higher capital costs or reduced flexibility, impacting liquidity and profitability. In addition, we maintain credit facilities with various financial institutions as a potential source of excess liquidity. These facilities are in place to bridge timing in cash flows to minimize the cost of meeting our obligations, particularly during periods when alternative sources of liquidity are limited. Borrowing under these facilities depends on meeting covenants and other requirements. Our failure to comply with these covenants, or the failure of lenders to fund their lending commitments, would restrict our ability to access these credit facilities and, consequently, could limit our flexibility in meeting our cash flow needs. For further discussion on liquidity risk management, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 18 Table of Contents Conditions in the global capital markets, including the equity, bond or real estate markets and the economy generally may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by global market and economic conditions. Continued adverse economic conditions may result in a decline in our AUM, AUA and revenues and erosion of our profit margins. A prolonged downturn in economic conditions could adversely impact the earnings of our borrowers and, therefore, their ability to honor their debt obligations, while also reducing the returns from our equity investments. In addition, in the event of extreme, prolonged market events and economic downturns, we could incur significant losses. Even in the absence of a market downturn, we are exposed to risk of loss of income due to market volatility. Because the revenues of our asset accumulation and management businesses are largely based on the value of AUM and AUA, a decline in domestic and global equity, bond or real estate markets will decrease our revenues. Market turmoil leading to investor withdrawal from markets may reduce AUM, AUA, revenues and net income. For further discussion on equity risk management, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Equity Risk. Macroeconomic factors, including consumer spending, business investment, government spending, market volatility, inflation and currency exchange rates, affect our business volume and profitability. Economic downturns may reduce demand for our financial and insurance products. We may also face increased claims and policy lapsation. Our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. In addition, reductions in employment levels of our existing employer customers may result in a reduction in membership levels and premium income for our specialty benefits products. Reduced payroll deferrals in retirement plans and increased withdrawals of investment accounts may lower AUM, AUA and revenues. Reductions in employment levels may result in a decline in employee deposits into retirement plans. Adverse economic changes may materially impact our net income and financial condition. In addition, increased reliance on passive investment strategies, including target date funds, may amplify market volatility impacts and reduce flexibility in responding to adverse economic conditions. Changes in interest rates or credit spreads or a prolonged low interest rate environment may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and our net income can vary from period to period. Prolonged low interest rates may reduce asset yields below pricing assumptions, lowering profitability. For certain products, we cannot lower crediting rates, even when investment returns decline. In addition, guaranteed minimum interest rates on our life insurance and annuity products may constrain our ability to lower the rate we credit to customers. Lower rates may also reduce trust and custody revenues. Declining interest rates may result in increases in our reserves and other actuarial balances, potentially reducing net income or other comprehensive income ( OCI ). During periods of declining interest rates, borrowers may prepay or redeem mortgages and bonds that we own, which would force us to reinvest the proceeds at lower interest rates. Lower surrender rates may extend liability duration, creating asset-liability mismatches. Low interest rates may also increase the cost of hedging certain product features or riders. Low rates may affect pension and other postretirement employee benefit ( OPEB ) valuations, impacting financial results. In addition, certain statutory capital and reserve requirements are based on models that consider interest rates, and a prolonged period of low interest rates may increase the statutory capital we are required to hold as well as the amount of assets we must maintain to support statutory reserves. Declining interest rates may cause a decrease in the value of market risk benefit ( MRB ) assets and an increase in the value of MRB liabilities and other liabilities held at fair value on our consolidated statements of financial position, potentially reducing net income or OCI. Rising interest rates may also negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. During periods of increasing market interest rates, we may offer higher crediting rates on our insurance and annuity products to keep these products competitive. Asset returns may lag rising rates, compressing spreads and reducing profitability. Rapidly rising interest rates may also result in an increase in policy surrenders, withdrawals and requests for policy loans as customers seek to achieve higher returns. In addition, rising interest rates may cause a decrease in the value of financial assets held at fair value on our consolidated statements of financial position. We may be required to sell assets to raise the cash necessary to respond to an increase in surrenders, withdrawals and loans, thereby realizing capital losses on the assets sold. Prolonged high interest rates may adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to service their debt, leading to outcomes that are more adverse than modeled. Higher surrenders may accelerate deferred acquisition cost ( DAC ) amortization. Rising interest rates may also cause a decline in the value of the fixed income assets we manage, resulting in a reduction in our fee revenue in the short term. In addition, a significant increase in interest rates may cause a reduction in the fair value of intangible assets in our reporting units, potentially leading to an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. For further discussion about interest rate risk management, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk. 19 Table of Contents Credit spread changes affect market prices and reinvestment risk. A widening of credit spreads would cause unrealized losses in our investment portfolio, increase losses associated with credit-based derivatives we have sold that do not qualify or have not been designated for hedge accounting where we assume credit exposure and, if issuer credit spreads increase as a result of fundamental credit deterioration, would likely result in higher allowances. Tighter spreads reduce income from new fixed maturity investments. Credit spread tightening may also cause an increase in the reported value of certain liabilities that are valued using a discount rate that reflects our own credit spread. Volatile markets may impair valuation of thinly traded securities. As such, valuations may include assumptions or estimates that may have significant period-to-period changes from market volatility, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Our investment portfolio s risks may reduce asset values, credited returns and overall financial performance. An increase in defaults or write-downs on our fixed maturities portfolio may reduce our profitability. An increase in the default rate of fixed maturity issuers could harm our financial strength and decrease our profitability. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations Fixed Maturities. As of December 31, 2025, the international investment operations of our fully consolidated subsidiaries held $2.6 billion of fixed maturities, or 40%, of total international invested assets, of which 7% are government bonds. Some non-government bonds have been rated on the basis of the issuer s country credit rating. However, the ratings relationship between national ratings and global ratings is not linear with the U.S. The starting point for national ratings differs by country, which makes the assessment of credit quality more difficult. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments International Investment Operations. An increased rate of delinquency and defaults on our commercial mortgage loans, including balloon maturities with and without amortizing payments, may adversely affect our profitability. Our commercial mortgage loans are subject to delinquency and default risk. An increase in the delinquency rate of, and defaults under, our commercial mortgage loan portfolio could harm our financial strength and decrease our profitability. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations Mortgage Loans Commercial Mortgage Loan Credit Monitoring. A portion of our commercial mortgage loans have balloon maturities. A balloon maturity is a loan with all or a meaningful portion of the loan amount due at the maturity of the loan. Balloon maturities carry higher default risk than amortizing loans. Defaults on balloon loans may result in greater losses due to lump-sum repayments. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations Mortgage Loans Commercial Mortgage Loans. Mark-to-market adjustments on equity securities, trading securities and derivative instruments may reduce our profitability or cause volatility in our net income. Our investment portfolio includes equity securities, trading securities and derivative instruments that are reported at fair value on the consolidated statements of financial position with changes in fair value reported in net income. Fair value changes may reduce profitability and increase income volatility. Future acquisitions may expand exposure to mark-to-market volatility. We may have difficulty selling our privately placed fixed maturities, mortgage loans and real estate investments because they are less liquid than our publicly traded fixed maturities. We hold less liquid investments, including privately placed fixed maturities, mortgage loans, and real estate. These asset classes represented approximately 41% of the value of our total invested assets as of December 31, 2025. In a time of market illiquidity, we may be forced to sell assets at unfavorable prices as reported asset values may not reflect potential sale prices in stressed markets. 20 Table of Contents The impairment of derivative counterparties could adversely affect us. We use derivatives to hedge business risks. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We enter into a variety of derivative instruments with several counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, clearinghouses, exchanges and other institutions. We face counterparty credit risk on in-the-money derivative positions. We mitigate exposure through collateral agreements with most counterparties. Credit risk may increase if collateral proves to be insufficient or unrecoverable. Regarding our derivative exposure, we have over-collateralization requirements on the portion of collateral we hold, based on the risk profile of the assets posted as collateral. We may also hold unsecured debt and equity investments, increasing exposure to these institutions. Such losses or impairments to the carrying value of these assets may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our requirements to post collateral or make payments related to declines in market value of specified assets may adversely affect our liquidity and expose us to counterparty credit risk. Derivative agreements may require collateral posting under certain conditions. We are also required to post collateral in connection with funding agreements with the FHLB Des Moines, reinsurance agreements and various other transactions. Under certain conditions collateral requirements may rise, reducing our liquidity. In addition, under the terms of some of our transactions we may be required to make payment to our counterparties related to any decline in the market value of the specified assets. Such payments could have an adverse effect on our liquidity. Such payments carry unsecured counterparty risk due to lack of segregation or custodial safeguards. Environmental liability exposure may result from our commercial mortgage loan portfolio and real estate investments. Environmental liabilities from mortgage loan and real estate investments may impact our financial strength and profitability. Under the laws of several states and other jurisdictions, contamination of a property may give rise to a lien on the property to secure recovery of the costs of cleanup. In some jurisdictions, environmental liens may take precedence over our mortgage, impairing foreclosure rights. In addition, under the laws of some states and under the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, we may be liable for costs of addressing releases or threatened releases of hazardous substances that require remedy at a property securing a mortgage loan held by us, if our agents or employees have become sufficiently involved in the hazardous waste aspects of the operations of the related obligor on that loan, regardless of whether or not the environmental damage or threat was caused by the obligor. We may incur this liability even after foreclosure. This may harm our financial strength and decrease our profitability. Regional concentration of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio in California may subject us to losses attributable to economic downturns or catastrophes in that state. Our California commercial mortgage loan concentration exposes us to regional economic and catastrophe risks, including but not limited to earthquakes, fires, drought, extreme heat, flooding and tsunamis. Like other lenders, property insurance is required for all borrowers on which we make commercial mortgage loans. Insurance coverage typically includes real property, business interruption, terrorism, wind, hail, fire, named storm, flood and others as applicable. Earthquake insurance is required for those California assets with a high-risk scenario expected loss percentage as determined by an engineering report we obtain for each property. We require and monitor appropriate insurance coverage. If economic conditions in California deteriorate or catastrophes occur, we may in the future experience delinquencies or defaults on the portion of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio located in California, which may harm our financial strength and reduce our profitability. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations Mortgage Loans. Gross unrealized losses may be realized or result in future credit losses, resulting in a reduction in our net income. Fixed maturities that are classified as available-for-sale ( AFS ) are reported on the consolidated statements of financial position at fair value. Unrealized AFS gains and losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ) which is excluded from net income. The accumulated change in fair value of the AFS securities is recognized in net income when the gain or loss is realized upon the sale of the asset or if the decline in fair value requires an allowance for credit loss. Realized or credit losses may materially impact net income. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations Fixed Maturities Available-For-Sale. 21 Table of Contents Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely impact our profitability and financial condition. We face foreign currency risk from international operations and local currency investments. For diversification purposes, assets backing the products may be partially invested in non-local currencies. In our U.S. operations, we may also issue foreign currency-denominated funding agreements to nonqualified investors in the institutional market or invest in foreign currency-denominated investments. The associated foreign currency exchange risk in each instance is hedged or managed to specific risk tolerances. Despite hedging, foreign currency fluctuations to the U.S. dollar may reduce translated earnings. For further discussion on foreign currency exchange risk, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Foreign Currency Risk. Risks relating to estimates, assumptions and valuations Our valuation of investments and the determinations of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our investments may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and, if changed, could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Fixed maturities, equity securities and derivatives represent most assets and liabilities reported at fair value on our consolidated statements of financial position, excluding separate account assets and market risk benefit assets and liabilities. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). Fair value estimates rely on market data and judgment. Different assumptions or methods may materially affect fair value estimates. For additional information on our valuation methodology, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 18, Fair Value Measurements. Market disruptions may impair valuation of certain securities. There may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the current financial environment. Such conditions increase reliance on judgment and subjective inputs. As such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation as well as valuation methods that require greater estimation, which could result in values that are different from the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. Further, rapidly changing credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Allowance and impairment levels are based on periodic risk assessments by asset class. Such evaluations and assessments require significant judgment and are revised as conditions change, and new information becomes available. Future impairments may exceed current estimates. Additionally, our management considers a wide range of factors about the instrument issuer and uses its best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the instrument and in assessing the prospects for recovery. Inherent in management s evaluation of the instrument are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. For further information regarding our impairment and allowance methodologies, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments U.S. Investment Operations under the captions Fixed Maturities and Mortgage Loans and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Valuation and Allowance for Credit Loss of Fixed Income Investments. Any impairments of, or valuation allowances against, our deferred tax assets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect differences between financial and tax bases, using enacted future tax rates. We assess deferred tax asset recoverability quarterly and establish valuation allowances as needed. We consider reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future income, carrybacks and tax planning strategies when evaluating the need for valuation allowances. Tax provisions involve estimates on deductibility, timing and realization of losses and tax credits. In the event these estimates differ from our prior estimates due to the receipt of new information, we may be required to significantly change the provision for income taxes recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Any such change could significantly affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements in the year these estimates change. Future enacted changes in applicable tax rates as well as the tax base could lead to adverse effects in the consolidated financial statements within the year of enactment. Asset value declines may increase valuation allowances, adversely affecting results. For additional information, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Income Taxes. 22 Table of Contents We may face losses on our insurance and annuity products if our actual experience differs significantly from our pricing and reserving assumptions. Profitability depends on actual experience aligning with pricing and reserving assumptions. The premiums we charge and the liabilities we hold for future policy benefits are based on assumptions reflecting several factors, including the amount of premiums we will receive in the future, rate of return on assets we purchase with premiums received, expected claims, mortality, morbidity, lapse rates and expenses. Because we cannot precisely predict future claims patterns, actual claim payments may differ from assumptions used in establishing reserves. As a result, we may experience volatility in the level of our profitability and our reserves from period to period. Emerging experience may require assumption updates which may increase liabilities, reducing profitability. Our results of operations may also be adversely impacted if our actual investment earnings differ from our pricing and reserve assumptions. Economic shifts may alter investment earnings, impacting reserve assumptions. For additional information on our insurance reserves, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Insurance Reserves. The pattern of amortizing our DAC asset and other actuarial balances may change, impacting both the level of our DAC asset and other actuarial balances and the timing of our net income. Amortization of our DAC asset and other actuarial balances depends on several assumptions, including but not limited to, mortality and policy lapse. To the extent actual experience emerges less favorably than expected, the amortization pattern of our DAC asset and other actuarial balances may be adjusted, which may impact the timing of our net income. For additional information, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7, Deferred Acquisition Costs and Other Actuarial Balances. Risks relating to laws, regulations and taxation Changes in laws or regulations may reduce our profitability or impact how we do business. Our businesses are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision throughout the U.S. and in the international markets in which we operate. We are also impacted by federal legislation and administrative policies in areas such as securities laws, employee benefit plan regulations, financial services regulations, U.S. federal taxation and international taxation. Regulatory changes or new interpretations of existing laws may increase compliance costs and reduce profitability. Noncompliance may result in penalties, license loss and reputational harm. Certain Executive orders could affect our business, operations, regional footprint, risk management strategies and investments and increase our costs of compliance. Changes in insurance regulations may reduce our profitability. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive supervision and regulation. The primary purpose of insurance regulation is to protect policyholders, not stockholders or creditors. State insurance regulators, federal regulators and the NAIC continually reexamine existing laws and regulations and may impose changes in the future. New interpretations of existing laws and the passage of new legislation may harm our ability to sell new policies, increase our claims exposure on policies we issued previously and adversely affect our profitability and financial strength. State insurance guaranty associations have the right to assess insurance companies doing business in their state for funds to help pay the obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. Because the amount and timing of an assessment is beyond our control, the liabilities we have established for these potential assessments may not be adequate. The NAIC regularly reviews and updates its U.S. statutory reserve and RBC requirements. Changes to these requirements may increase the amount of reserves and capital our U.S.