=== PFG_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Principal Financial Group, Inc. ( PFG ) is a leader in global financial services offering businesses, individuals and institutional clients a wide range of financial products and services, including retirement, asset management and workplace benefits and protection solutions through our diverse family of financial services companies. We had $1,814.6 billion in assets under administration ( AUA ), including $781.0 billion in assets under management ( AUM ) as of December 31, 2025. Our global asset management businesses serve a broad range of institutional, retirement, high net worth, and retail investors worldwide. Our focused investment teams provide diverse, long-term investment capabilities including equity, fixed income, real estate, and other alternative investments, as well as fund offerings. Our international asset management and accumulation businesses focus on the opportunities created as aging populations around the world drive increased demand for retirement accumulation, retirement asset management and retirement income management solutions. In the U.S., we offer a broad array of retirement and employee benefit and insurance solutions to meet the needs of the business owner and their employees. We are a leading provider of defined contribution plans, nonqualified plans, defined benefit plans and pension risk transfer services. We are also a leading employee stock ownership plan ( ESOP ) consultant. In addition, we are one of the largest providers of specialty benefits and insurance solutions for business owners and their employees. We believe small and medium-sized businesses are an underserved market, offering attractive growth opportunities in the retirement and employee benefit markets. Our Reportable Segments We organize our businesses into the following reportable segments: Retirement and Income Solutions; Principal Asset Management and Benefits and Protection. We also have a Corporate segment, which consists of the assets and activities that have not been allocated to any other segment. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 20, Segment Information for financial results of our segments. Retirement and Income Solutions Segment Our asset accumulation activities in the U.S. date back to the 1940s when we first began providing pension plan products and services. We offer a comprehensive portfolio of products and services for retirement savings along with select products for retirement income: To businesses of all sizes, we offer products and services for defined contribution plans, including 401(k) and 403(b) plans; defined benefit plans; nonqualified executive benefit plans; stock services, including ESOPs and equity compensation; and pension risk transfer services; To large institutional clients, we also offer investment only products, including guaranteed investment contracts ( GICs ); To employees of businesses and other individuals, we offer the ability to accumulate savings and provide an income stream for retirement and other purposes through mutual funds, individual variable annuities, registered index-linked annuities ( RILAs ) and bank products; and To retirement and non-retirement businesses, we offer trust and custody services. 4 Table of Contents Workplace Savings and Retirement Solutions ( WSRS ) We offer a wide variety of investment and administrative products and services for defined contribution plans, including 401(k) and 403(b) plans; defined benefit plans; nonqualified executive benefit plans and stock services, including ESOPs and equity compensation. Products WSRS products respond to the needs of plan sponsors seeking both administrative and investment services for defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans. The investment component of both the defined contribution and defined benefit plans may be in the form of a guaranteed account, separate account, a mutual fund offering or a collective investment trust. In addition, defined contribution plan sponsors may also offer their own employer securities as an investment option under the plan. We deliver both administrative and investment services to our defined contribution plan and defined benefit plan customers through annuity contracts, collective investment trusts and mutual funds. Group annuity contracts and collective investment trusts used to fund qualified plans are not required to be registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Our mutual fund service platform is called Principal Advantage. It is a qualified plan service package based on our series mutual fund, Principal Funds, Inc. ( PFI ). We offer investments covering the full range of stable value, equity, fixed income, real estate and international investment options managed by our Principal Asset Management segment as well as third party asset managers. In addition, WSRS offers plan sponsors trust services through an affiliated trust company. As of December 31, 2025, we provided WSRS products to (a) over 42,000 defined contribution plans including $625.3 billion in assets and covering approximately 11.3 million eligible plan participants, and (b) to over 1,600 defined benefit plans, including $17.2 billion in assets and covering over 371,000 eligible plan participants. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 30% of our WSRS account values were managed by our Principal Asset Management segment, 66% were managed entirely by the third party asset managers that were not under contract to sub-advise a PFG product, 2% were sub-advised and 2% represented employer securities. Markets and Distribution We offer our WSRS products and services to plans, including qualified and nonqualified defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans. These products and services are offered to businesses of all sizes including plans sponsored by small and mid-sized businesses, which we believe remains underpenetrated, and large institutional clients. We distribute our WSRS products and services nationally, primarily through a captive retirement services sales force. Retirement services sales representatives are an integral part of the sales process alongside the referring consultant or independent advisor. We compensate retirement services sales representatives through a blend of salary and production-based incentives. We administer, on behalf of the plan, commission or fee payments to independent advisors, consultants and agents. In addition, we have a staff of service and education specialists located across the U.S. These specialists play a key role in the ongoing servicing of plans by providing local services to our customers, such as reviewing plan performance, investment options and plan design, communicating the customers needs and feedback to us and helping employees understand the benefits of their plans. The following summarizes our distribution channels: We distribute our annuity-based products through intermediaries who are primarily state licensed individuals. Principal Advantage platform is targeted at defined contribution plans through broker-dealer distribution channels. Principal Advantage gives us access to Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) registered distributors who are not traditional sellers of annuity-based products and broadens opportunities for us in the investment advisor and broker-dealer distribution channels. Through our Retire Secure strategy we provide financial education and other assistance to individual investors who are participants/members of employer-based accumulation solutions to help them achieve financial security. We believe our approach to WSRS plan services distribution, which gives us a targeted sales and service presence, along with our offering of Principal Total Retirement Solutions differentiates us from many of our competitors. We have also established a number of marketing and distribution relationships to increase the sales of our products and services. 5 Table of Contents Individual Annuities Individual annuities includes individual variable annuities and RILAs, which are savings vehicles through which the customer makes one or more deposits of varying amounts and intervals, that are offered to individuals. Products Our individual variable deferred annuities provide customers with the flexibility to allocate their deposits to mutual funds managed by the Principal Asset Management segment or unaffiliated third party asset managers, with variable and guaranteed options. Generally speaking, the customers bear the investment risk for the variable options and have the right to allocate their assets among various separate mutual funds. The value of the annuity fluctuates in accordance with the experience of the mutual funds chosen by the customer. Customers have the option to allocate all or a portion of their account to our guaranteed option, in which case we credit interest at rates we determine, subject to contractual minimums. As of December 31, 2025, of our $7.4 billion variable annuity account balances invested in mutual funds, 88% was allocated to mutual funds managed by the Principal Asset Management segment and our guaranteed option. The remaining balance was allocated to mutual funds managed by unaffiliated third party asset managers. Customers may elect a living benefit guarantee (commonly known in the industry as a guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit, or GMWB ). We bear the GMWB investment risk. Our goal is to hedge the GMWB investment risk through the use of sophisticated risk management techniques. As of December 31, 2025, $4.7 billion of the $7.4 billion of variable annuity separate account values had the GMWB rider. Our major source of revenue from individual variable annuities is mortality and expense fees we charge to the customer, generally determined as a percentage of the market value of the assets held in a separate investment sub-account. Account balances of variable annuity contracts with the GMWB rider were invested in separate account investment options as follows: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 (in millions) Balanced funds $ 4,502.2 $ 5,411.5 Equity funds 133.8 125.9 Bond funds 33.8 41.1 Money market funds 13.8 17.0 Specialty funds 0.4 0.6 Total $ 4,684.0 $ 5,596.1 Percent of total variable annuity separate account values 64 % 67 % In addition, we offer RILAs, which provide policyholders with index-linked investment options and a fixed interest investment option, with different available term lengths. The index-linked investment options minimize negative index performance through floors or buffers. Customers may elect a GMWB. We bear the GMWB investment risk. Our goal is to hedge the GMWB investment risk through the use of risk management techniques. Markets and Distribution Our target markets for individual variable annuities and RILAs include owners, executives and employees of small and medium-sized businesses and individuals seeking to accumulate and/or eventually receive distributions of assets for retirement. We market variable annuities and RILAs to individuals for both qualified and nonqualified retirement savings. We sell our individual variable annuity products and RILAs primarily through our affiliated financial representatives, who accounted for 68%, 70% and 85% of annuity sales for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The remaining sales were made primarily through unaffiliated broker-dealer firms. Investment Only Products The two primary products for which we provide investment only services are GICs and funding agreements. GICs and funding agreements pay a specified rate of return. The rate of return can be a floating rate based on an external market index or a fixed rate. Our investment only products contain provisions disallowing or limiting early surrenders, including penalties for early surrenders and minimum notice requirements. 6 Table of Contents Deposits to investment only products are predominantly in the form of single payments. As a result, the level of new deposits can fluctuate from one fiscal quarter to another. The amounts earned by us are derived in part from the difference between the investment income earned by us and the amount credited to the customer. The Principal Asset Management segment primarily manages the assets supporting the contractual promises. Markets and Distribution Funding agreements are issued directly to non-qualified institutions, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines ( FHLB Des Moines ) and unconsolidated special purpose entities. As part of our funding agreement-backed note programs, U.S. and foreign institutional investors purchase debt obligations from the special purpose entity which, in turn, purchases the funding agreement from us with terms similar to those of the debt obligations. The strength of this market is dependent on debt capital market conditions. As a result, our sales through this channel can vary widely from one quarter to another. Pension Risk Transfer Products Pension risk transfer products respond primarily to the needs of pension plan sponsors in the form of single premium group annuities, which are immediate or deferred annuities that provide a current or future specific income amount, fully guaranteed by us. The majority of our business originates from defined benefit plans that are being terminated. In these situations, the plan sponsor transfers all its obligations under the plan to an insurer by paying a single premium. Generally, plan sponsors restrict their purchases to insurance companies with superior or excellent financial quality ratings because the Department of Labor ( DOL ) has mandated that annuities be purchased only from the safest available insurers. Since premium received from pension risk transfer products is generally in the form of single payments, the level of premiums can fluctuate depending on the number of large-scale annuity sales in a particular quarter. The Principal Asset Management segment primarily manages the assets supporting pension risk transfer account values. Markets and Distribution Our primary distribution channel for pension risk transfer products is comprised of several specialized home office sales consultants working through consultants and brokers that specialize in this type of business. Our sales consultants also make sales directly to institutions. Our nationally dispersed retirement services sales representatives act as a secondary distribution channel for these products. Bank and Trust Services Principal Bank is a U.S. federal savings bank that was formed in February 1998. As of December 31, 2025, Principal Bank had nearly 816,000 customers and approximately $9.3 billion in assets. Principal Bank operates under a limited purpose charter and may only accept deposits held in a fiduciary capacity and may not hold demand deposits. It also may not own commercial loans or originate loans. Principal Custody Solutions ( PCS ) is a division of Principal Bank that provides trust and/or custodial support services to clients in a variety of market segments including corporations, endowments, foundations, health care organizations, insurance and financial institutions, public entities and government institutions. Principal Trust Company (the trade name for Delaware Charter Guarantee Trust) is a non-deposit trust company chartered in 1899 in the State of Delaware. As of December 31, 2025, Principal Trust Company has over 36,000 accounts and approximately $737.9 billion in assets under administration. Principal Trust Company provides trust and custodial services to certain retirement benefit plans and personal trusts. Products Individual retirement accounts ( IRAs ) are provided by Principal Bank, primarily funded by retirement savings rolled over from qualified retirement plans. Principal Bank offers Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insured cash solutions for customers in the form of savings accounts, money market accounts and certificates of deposit. The deposit products provide a relatively stable source of funding and liquidity for Principal Bank and are backed by purchases of investment securities and residential mortgage loans. In addition, Principal Bank serves as a trustee and/or custodian for institutional customers within its PCS business and facilitates cash sweep services for these customers as well as cash sweep services for customers of affiliates. 7 Table of Contents Principal Trust Company provides a variety of comprehensive trust and administrative solutions for employee benefits plans and personal trusts. It also provides trustee services for some retirement plan customers of PCS. Markets and Distribution Principal Bank offers products and services primarily to participants rolling out of qualified retirement plans largely serviced by affiliates of PFG. Principal Bank services customers by telephone, mail and internet. Principal Bank also serves as trustee and/or custodian for the non-retirement plan clients within the PCS business line. Principal Trust Company offers services through brokerage and financial institution relationships services primarily through affiliates of PFG and also leverages unaffiliated partners. Principal Trust Company also acts as trustee and/or custodian for the retirement plan clients that fall into the PCS business line. Individual Fixed Annuities In 2021, we ceased sales of individual fixed annuity products and in 2022, we reinsured the block of business existing as of January 1, 2022. Annuitizations from existing products occurring after this date are not reinsured. Principal Asset Management Segment Our Principal Asset Management segment provides global investment solutions to institutional, retirement, retail and high net worth investors in the U.S. and select emerging markets. Investment Management Our Investment Management operations manages assets for sophisticated investors around the world using global and local investment teams that provide diverse investment capabilities including equity, fixed income, asset allocation, real estate and other alternative investments. We focus on providing services to our other segments in addition to our retail mutual fund and third party institutional clients. Our products and services are provided for a fee as defined by client mandates. Our fees are generally driven by AUM. The Investment Management teams managed $593.9 billion in assets as of December 31, 2025. Global Investment Teams Equity Investments. Our equity capabilities encompass large-cap stocks, mid-cap stocks, small-cap stocks and real estate investment trusts in developed and emerging markets worldwide. Fixed Income Investments. Our experience in fixed income management spans multiple economic and credit market cycles and encompasses all major fixed income security types and sectors. Our research and risk management capabilities in worldwide debt markets provide a strong foundation for broadly diversified multi-sector portfolios, tailored to specific client objectives. Asset Allocation. Asset Allocation is a specialized asset allocation investment team offering multi-asset and/or multi-manager portfolio construction services that aim to deliver reliable, risk-adjusted investment outcomes to individual investors, institutional investors and participants in employer-sponsored plans. Real Estate and Other Alternative Investments. We offer products and services through other alternative asset classes including managing private real estate equity, commercial mortgages, bridge/mezzanine loans, direct lending and infrastructure debt. Global Markets and Distribution To effectively reach and cater to a diverse range of investors, we employ a multi-channel distribution strategy. Our Global Institutional Advisory Services and Global Wealth Advisory Services teams, relationship managers and client service professionals collaborate with consultants and directly interact with investors to acquire and retain institutional, retail and other investors. These teams are organized into three geographic groups: U.S./Europe clients, Asia Pacific/Middle East clients and Latin America clients. Additionally, we leverage partnerships with independent broker-dealers to further broaden our distribution reach. Local Investment Teams Chile. We offer voluntary savings plans, mutual funds, and asset management solutions. Products are distributed to retail and institutional clients through digital means as well as through our proprietary sales force, financial advisors, brokerage houses and alliances with financial institutions. 8 Table of Contents Mexico. We offer mutual funds and asset management services. We offer both domestic and international products, typically sold directly to institutional and retail clients. China. We offer mutual funds and asset management services to individuals and institutions through a joint venture, CCB Principal Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( CCBPAM ). We owned 25.0% of CCBPAM as of December 31, 2025. China Construction Bank ( CCB ) is the majority partner with 65.0% ownership. China Huadian Capital Holdings owns 10.0%. CCBPAM distributes its mutual funds through CCB and third party distributors such as banks, securities brokers and e-channels. Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. We offer mutual funds and investment management services to individuals and institutional investors. Products are distributed though our proprietary sales force and through third party intermediaries. Southeast Asia. We offer mutual funds, asset management services and retirement solutions through our joint ventures in Malaysia, Principal Asset Management Berhad ( PAM ) and Principal Islamic Asset Management Sdn. Bhd. ( PIAM ). The partner is CIMB Group ( CIMB ), a leading ASEAN universal bank that has strong presence in the region. PAM offers conventional and Islamic mutual funds, retirement solutions through the branches of CIMB and through its agency sales force selling to retail customers. PAM also distributes its mutual funds and retirement solutions through third party institutions including banks, security houses and digital platforms such as digital wallet and online marketplaces. PAM has subsidiaries in Singapore (Principal Asset Management (S) Pte. Ltd.), Indonesia (PT Principal Asset Management) and Thailand (Principal Asset Management Company Limited). PIAM offers Islamic asset management services to clients across Southeast Asia and the Middle East. PIAM also offers Islamic mutual funds in Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Europe. International Pension Our International Pension operations offer pension accumulation, income annuities and life insurance accumulation products in Latin America and Asia. We focus on locations with growing middle classes and affluent segments, favorable demographics and increasing long-term savings, ideally with defined contribution retirement markets. We also focus on markets with relevant size where we have competitive advantages. We entered these locations through acquisitions, start-up operations and joint ventures. Markets, Products and Distribution Latin America Brazil. We offer pension accumulation, income annuity and life insurance accumulation products through a co-managed joint venture Brasilprev Seguros e Previdencia S.A. ( Brasilprev ) with our partner with Banco do Brasil ( Banco ). We owned 25.0% of the economic interest and 50.0% of the voting shares as of December 31, 2025. Brasilprev has the exclusive distribution rights of its pension accumulation and income annuity products through the Banco network until October 2032. Our joint venture provides products for the retirement needs of individuals and employers. Banco s employees sell these products directly to individual clients through its bank branches and digital channels. In addition, our joint venture reaches corporate clients through two wholesale distribution channels: (1) a network of independent brokers who sell to the public and (2) Banco s corporate account executives who sell to existing and prospective corporate clients. Chile. We offer mandatory employee-funded pension and voluntary savings plans through Administradora de Fondos de Pensiones Cuprum S.A. ( Cuprum ). We owned 98.0% of Cuprum as of December 31, 2025, and the rest is publicly floated. Cuprum s products are sold through digital means and via a proprietary sales network. We offer income annuity and life insurance accumulation solutions through Principal Compa a de Seguros de Vida Chile S.A., our wholly owned life insurance company. The annuity products are distributed directly by our sales teams and through a network of brokers and independent agents. Life insurance accumulation products are offered to individuals through brokers and financial advisors and through digital means. In January 2026, an agreement was reached to sell our annuities business in Chile, subject to regulatory approvals. We expect the transaction to close in the third quarter of 2026. For additional information, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 24, Subsequent Events. Mexico. We offer mandatory and voluntary pension plans through Principal Afore, S.A. de C.V., Principal Grupo Financiero. We manage and administer individual retirement accounts under the mandatory privatized social security system for formal employees in Mexico. We distribute products and services through a proprietary sales force as well as independent brokers who sell directly to individuals. 9 Table of Contents Asia China. We offer entrust, account services and investment management for individual and group retirement security products through a joint venture, CCB Pension Management Co., Ltd. ( CCBP ). We owned 17.6% of CCBP as of December 31, 2025. CCB is the majority partner with 70.0% ownership. The Social Security Fund of China owns 12.4%. Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. We offer two types of pension saving schemes, Mandatory Provident Fund ( MPF Schemes ) and Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance, which we distribute through third party intermediaries such as insurance companies, independent financial advisors, brokers and employee benefit consultants. On January 16, 2025, we announced the signing of an agreement with Bank Consortium Trust Company ( BCT ) to expand our investment management capabilities and exit our sponsor and trustee (pension) roles in Hong Kong for MPF Schemes. The transaction is expected to close in 2026. Benefits and Protection Segment Our Benefits and Protection segment activities date back to 1879 when we first began selling individual life insurance products. We expanded our offering to include group insurance products in the 1940s and have continued to expand our product portfolio over time. We are uniquely positioned to protect businesses through our broad set of solutions, our expertise and the experiences we offer. We protect their employees by offering a comprehensive set of employee benefits that helps recruit and retain talent including nonqualified deferred compensation, employer paid and voluntary group benefits, and guaranteed standard issue life and individual disability insurance. We protect their business in the event of a death, disability or resignation of a key employee or future change in management through business owner solutions and disability solutions. We protect business owners and their personal needs by helping maintain their lifestyle through life or disability insurance and building and protecting their retirement savings. We organize our operations into two divisions: Specialty Benefits and Life Insurance. However, we share key resources in our core areas such as strategic leadership, distribution, operations and marketing. Specialty Benefits Specialty Benefits, which includes group dental, life, disability insurance, supplemental health and individual disability insurance, is an important component of the employee benefit offering primarily at small and medium-sized businesses. We serve approximately 103,000 employer groups, providing 321,000 total coverages to more than 3,300,000 employees. Products and Services Group Dental Insurance. Our dental plans provide partial reimbursement for covered dental expenses. We offer indemnity and preferred provider organization dental products on both an employer-paid and voluntary basis, and we also offer a national discount dental product. According to the Life Insurance and Market Research Association ( LIMRA ), we were the third-largest group dental insurer in 2024 based on the number of contracts and employer groups in force. Group Life Insurance. Our group life insurance provides coverage to employees and their dependents for a specified period. We offer traditional group life insurance that does not provide for the accumulation of cash values on both an employer-paid and voluntary basis, and our business remains focused on the traditional, annually renewable term product. We no longer market group universal life insurance to new employer groups. According to LIMRA, we were the top-ranked group life insurer in the United States in 2024 based on the number of group life insurance contracts in force. Group Disability Insurance. Our group disability insurance provides benefits to insured employees who become disabled. In most instances, this benefit is in the form of a monthly or weekly income. Our group disability products include short-term and long-term disability, offered on either an employer paid or voluntary basis. We also provide paid family and medical leave ( PFML ) on a limited basis, which provides paid leave for specified family care needs or an employee s own serious health condition. As of December 31, 2025, we have sold PFML in four states. We plan to expand to other states in the future. We 