Access to Healthcare | FSE
Skip to main content
Main navigation
The Healthcare Group
Group Overview
Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius Helios
Management
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Corporate Governance
Compliance
Fields of Work
Biosimilars
Infusion and Nutrition Systems
IV Generics & Fluids
Clinical Nutrition
Transfusion Medicine & Cell Therapies
Inpatient & Outpatient Treatments
Occupational Healthcare & Prevention
Worldwide
Sustainability
Human Dimension
Planet Dimension
Ethical Foundation
Human Rights
Stakeholder Engagement
Sustainability Advisory Board
Data & Reporting Hub
History
Else Kröner-Fresenius Foundation
Calendar
Contacts
Stories
Antimicrobial resistance is on the rise: How Fresenius responds across all businesses
On World Prematurity Day: A little medical miracle at the Helios hospital in Pforzheim
Walking in a Patient’s Shoes
Medical Nutrition - 50 Years Of Fresubin
How Fresenius employees help people with cancer in every phase of the disease
“The new ADC medicines represent a real revolution in treatment.”
CAR-T cell therapy: Revolutionary chances of a cure, but costs still too high
“The flexibility of our Lovo and Cue cell processing systems was the key to success!”
CAR T cell therapy: Innovative therapy with the aid of genetically modified cells
“We combine various innovative solutions to achieve better patient outcomes step by step.”
&quot;Immunotherapies: Boosting Cures and more Patient Wellbeing&quot;
HOPE gives hope
Investors
Overview
Why invest in Fresenius
Strategy & Outlook
Goals and Strategy
Financial Performance Indicators
Group Structure
Outlook
Investor News & Ad-hoc News
Reporting Hub
Financial Results
Financial Reports & Presentation
Shareholder Center
Share
For U.S. Investors
Dividends & Total Return
Analysts & Consensus
Shareholder Structure
Capitalization
Group Figures
Investor Events
Financial Calendar
Annual General Meeting
Capital Markets Events
Credit Relations
Contacts
FAQ
AskFRE – Your IR Assistant
Media
News
Calendar
Contacts
Media Center
Careers
Menü
Fresenius Kabi
Products for chronically and critically ill patients
Fresenius Helios
Europe’s leading private healthcare provider
Archive "Stories"
Contact
Nick Stone
Senior Vice President Investor Relations
Head of Investor Relations
ir-fre@fresenius.com
Mehr anzeigen
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Xing
E-Mail
Services
Print
Contact
RSS
Access to Healthcare
Home
Contact
If you have any questions about sustainability, please contact us:
sustainability@fresenius.com
Stories
Growing up with parenteral nutrition
Related Links
Patient and product safety
Fresenius Sustainability Highlights Magazine 2024
Sustainability Statement 2024
Interactive Tool
People's life expectancy is increasing - and the world's population is growing. That is why high-quality medical care is becoming increasingly important. Fresenius is committed to providing access to high-quality and affordable therapies to as many people as possible worldwide. We believe equal opportunity in healthcare is a moral obligation and an economic benefit to society.
Fresenius has subsidiaries in more than 60 countries, maintains an international distribution network and operates more than 50 production sites. Our products are often used to treat people who are suffering from serious or chronic diseases. Our task is to ensure the
safety
and
quality
of our products and services and to meet the highest safety and quality standards for all processes and therapies.
Our range of
products and services
includes the services of a comprehensive network of hospitals, post-acute care solutions - such as rehabilitation - and high-quality drugs and medical products. We also embrace digitalization and develop advanced therapies, and measures designed to expand primary care in emerging and developed countries.
Fresenius Kabi
specializes in products for the therapy and care of critically and chronically ill patients. The extensive range of intravenously administered generic drugs and the biosimilars products with a focus on autoimmune diseases and oncology are affordable alternatives to original drugs. Fresenius Kabi thus gives patients access to modern, high-quality and affordable therapies. The product portfolio also includes clinical nutrition and infusion therapies as well as the associated medical devices for application. In the field of transfusion medicine and cell therapy, the company offers products for collection of blood components and extracorporeal therapies.
Fresenius Helios
is Europe's leading private healthcare service provider and offers the full range of medical services with its acute care hospitals, outpatient clinics, and other healthcare facilities. Our international hospital network enables Fresenius Helios to transfer knowledge between healthcare systems in Germany, Spain and Latin America with regard to affordable healthcare of high-quality, and with very high standards of service and patient experience.
Healthcare in crisis situations
As a healthcare Group, we have to be crisis-proof in all areas and respond flexibly to unforeseeable challenges: it is our task to enable unrestricted access to our services and seamless care for patients even under difficult conditions. To ensure this, we have established high-performance as well as resilient emergency systems and programs in our business segments.
Corporate social responsibility
The ambition to provide access to healthcare for as many people as possible worldwide and to continuously improve it is pursued by us with our social commitment. The Fresenius Group supports various regional or local initiatives. In the U.S., Fresenius Kabi has a more than 10-year relationship with
Americares
. The business segment helps the non-profit organization support people impacted by poverty or disaster build better lives through better health. It does this through financial support and in-kind (product) donations for missions in both the U.S. and internationally.
Contact
If you have any questions about sustainability, please contact us:
sustainability@fresenius.com
Stories
Growing up with parenteral nutrition
Related Links
Patient and product safety
Fresenius Sustainability Highlights Magazine 2024
Sustainability Statement 2024
Interactive Tool
FOLLOW US
Fans
Follower
Follower
THE HEALTHCARE GROUP
Fresenius-Websites
Group Overview
CONTACT US
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg v.d.H.
Germany
T +49 (0) 6172 608-0
Contacts
Our Grievance Mechanism
VISIT US
How to get here
(PDF, 2242,72kb)
Worldwide
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Imprint
|
Data Protection
|
Legal Disclaimer
