Patient and Product Safety | FSE
Skip to main content
Main navigation
The Healthcare Group
Group Overview
Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius Helios
Management
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Corporate Governance
Compliance
Fields of Work
Biosimilars
Infusion and Nutrition Systems
IV Generics & Fluids
Clinical Nutrition
Transfusion Medicine & Cell Therapies
Inpatient & Outpatient Treatments
Occupational Healthcare & Prevention
Worldwide
Sustainability
Human Dimension
Planet Dimension
Ethical Foundation
Human Rights
Stakeholder Engagement
Sustainability Advisory Board
Data & Reporting Hub
History
Else Kröner-Fresenius Foundation
Calendar
Contacts
Stories
Antimicrobial resistance is on the rise: How Fresenius responds across all businesses
On World Prematurity Day: A little medical miracle at the Helios hospital in Pforzheim
Walking in a Patient’s Shoes
Medical Nutrition - 50 Years Of Fresubin
How Fresenius employees help people with cancer in every phase of the disease
“The new ADC medicines represent a real revolution in treatment.”
CAR-T cell therapy: Revolutionary chances of a cure, but costs still too high
“The flexibility of our Lovo and Cue cell processing systems was the key to success!”
CAR T cell therapy: Innovative therapy with the aid of genetically modified cells
“We combine various innovative solutions to achieve better patient outcomes step by step.”
&quot;Immunotherapies: Boosting Cures and more Patient Wellbeing&quot;
HOPE gives hope
Investors
Overview
Why invest in Fresenius
Strategy & Outlook
Goals and Strategy
Financial Performance Indicators
Group Structure
Outlook
Investor News & Ad-hoc News
Reporting Hub
Financial Results
Financial Reports & Presentation
Shareholder Center
Share
For U.S. Investors
Dividends & Total Return
Analysts & Consensus
Shareholder Structure
Capitalization
Group Figures
Investor Events
Financial Calendar
Annual General Meeting
Capital Markets Events
Credit Relations
Contacts
FAQ
AskFRE – Your IR Assistant
Media
News
Calendar
Contacts
Media Center
Careers
Menü
Fresenius Kabi
Products for chronically and critically ill patients
Fresenius Helios
Europe’s leading private healthcare provider
Archive "Stories"
Contact
Nick Stone
Senior Vice President Investor Relations
Head of Investor Relations
ir-fre@fresenius.com
Mehr anzeigen
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Xing
E-Mail
Services
Print
Contact
RSS
Patient and Product Safety
Home
Contact
If you have any questions about sustainability, please contact us:
sustainability@fresenius.com
Related Links
Access to Healthcare
Fresenius Sustainability Highlights Magazine 2024
Sustainability Statement 2024
Interactive Tool
Stories
Crucial lessons learned
The safety of our patients is our priority, and it plays a central role in our management approaches. In our medical services, for example, disruptions in the process flow, such as natural disasters or technical failure, pose a significant risk to patients and the healthcare facilities. In addition, there are also operational risks, for example due to potential hygiene deficiencies.
We counter these risks through structured processes, training, and quality management systems, among other things, and work to continuously improve patient and product safety. Transparent information for the public is also part of our safety and quality commitment.
The application of the highest possible quality and safety standards, the effectiveness of products and service offerings, and adherence to regulatory assessment and compliance requirements are essential prerequisites to support our ambition: to secure long-term corporate success and enable the care of patients. To achieve this, we set ourselves specific targets in the business segments.
We have established sophisticated processes that are geared to the safety of our patients and efficient workflows. In quality management, we focus on monitoring, managing, and improving these processes performance indicators. Each business segment aligns its quality management individually to its business model and sets corresponding priorities.
Our quality management systems meet or are based on various standards. Internationally applicable standards such as ISO (International Organization for Standardization) and GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) are particularly important for our production sites. In our clinics and healthcare facilities, we measure the quality of patient care using various indicators.
Hygiene management in hospitals
Hygiene management focuses on close monitoring of infections and pathogens, regular hygiene training for hospital staff, for example on correct hand disinfection, monitoring
antibiotic consumption
(available in German only), and training physicians as
antibiotic stewardship (ABS) specialists
. The implementation of and compliance with hospital hygiene measures in the clinics is accompanied and monitored by our specially trained staff - e. g., hygiene specialist nurses, hospital hygienists, and hygiene officers.
The clinics monitor their hygiene status continuously and transparently: every six months, Helios Germany publishes figures for each clinic on the occurrence of the three most important multi-resistant and infection-relevant
pathogens
(German language only).
Contact
If you have any questions about sustainability, please contact us:
sustainability@fresenius.com
Related Links
Access to Healthcare
Fresenius Sustainability Highlights Magazine 2024
Sustainability Statement 2024
Interactive Tool
Stories
Crucial lessons learned
FOLLOW US
Fans
Follower
Follower
THE HEALTHCARE GROUP
Fresenius-Websites
Group Overview
CONTACT US
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg v.d.H.
Germany
T +49 (0) 6172 608-0
Contacts
Our Grievance Mechanism
VISIT US
How to get here
(PDF, 2242,72kb)
Worldwide
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Imprint
|
Data Protection
|
Legal Disclaimer
