Medical Nutrition | FSE
Skip to main content
Main navigation
The Healthcare Group
Group Overview
Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius Helios
Management
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Corporate Governance
Compliance
Fields of Work
Biosimilars
Infusion and Nutrition Systems
IV Generics & Fluids
Clinical Nutrition
Transfusion Medicine & Cell Therapies
Inpatient & Outpatient Treatments
Occupational Healthcare & Prevention
Worldwide
Sustainability
Human Dimension
Planet Dimension
Ethical Foundation
Human Rights
Stakeholder Engagement
Sustainability Advisory Board
Data & Reporting Hub
History
Else Kröner-Fresenius Foundation
Calendar
Contacts
Stories
Antimicrobial resistance is on the rise: How Fresenius responds across all businesses
On World Prematurity Day: A little medical miracle at the Helios hospital in Pforzheim
Walking in a Patient’s Shoes
Medical Nutrition - 50 Years Of Fresubin
How Fresenius employees help people with cancer in every phase of the disease
“The new ADC medicines represent a real revolution in treatment.”
CAR-T cell therapy: Revolutionary chances of a cure, but costs still too high
“The flexibility of our Lovo and Cue cell processing systems was the key to success!”
CAR T cell therapy: Innovative therapy with the aid of genetically modified cells
“We combine various innovative solutions to achieve better patient outcomes step by step.”
&quot;Immunotherapies: Boosting Cures and more Patient Wellbeing&quot;
HOPE gives hope
Investors
Overview
Why invest in Fresenius
Strategy & Outlook
Goals and Strategy
Financial Performance Indicators
Group Structure
Outlook
Investor News & Ad-hoc News
Reporting Hub
Financial Results
Financial Reports & Presentation
Shareholder Center
Share
For U.S. Investors
Dividends & Total Return
Analysts & Consensus
Shareholder Structure
Capitalization
Group Figures
Investor Events
Financial Calendar
Annual General Meeting
Capital Markets Events
Credit Relations
Contacts
FAQ
AskFRE – Your IR Assistant
Media
News
Calendar
Contacts
Media Center
Careers
Menü
Fresenius Kabi
Products for chronically and critically ill patients
Fresenius Helios
Europe’s leading private healthcare provider
Archive "Stories"
Contact
Nick Stone
Senior Vice President Investor Relations
Head of Investor Relations
ir-fre@fresenius.com
Mehr anzeigen
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Xing
E-Mail
Services
Print
Contact
RSS
Medical Nutrition
The Healthcare Group
Fields of Work
Clinical Nutrition
Contact
Fresenius Kabi AG
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg
Germany
T: +49 6172 686-0
www.fresenius-kabi.com
Related Links
Fresenius Kabi
Information page on the topics of malnutrition and sip feeds
Video
Explanatory video: Nutrition therapy
What happens when the normal intake of food is no longer possible?
Nutrition is a topic which is all around us, day by day. While we often talk about obesity and weight loss diets we actually overlook that the opposite, meaning mal- or undernutrition, can be as detrimental. We talk about malnutrition when our body is not provided with sufficient energy and nutrients over several days. These nutrients, for example protein, carbohydrates, fats, vitamins and minerals, are necessary to ensure all essential functions of the body.
When our nutritional status is not optimal our body will get w​eaker in its reaction towards challenges, such as a disease, a cold or an infection. Improving our nutritional status will therefore support and protect our body.
Enteral Nutrition
Every normal form of nutrition is actually enteral. The word, which comes from the Greek “enteron,” or intestines, means, “using the gastrointestinal tract.” Enteral nutrition therapies are designed for patients who cannot nourish themselves sufficiently but still have an adequate digestive function. It is therefore ideal for patients who experience problems chewing or swallowing, loss of appetite, suffer from neurological or gastro-intestinal diseases, or are unconscious. Enteral nutrition is administered via sip feeds or also tube feeds.
Sip feed nutrition
If you are not able to eat enough, sip feed nutrition can help to make up for this deficit. Sip feed nutrition can be taken by mouth, swallowed and digested like normal food. It is flavorful, liquid food and contains all nutrients such as carbohydrates, fats and fiber as well as vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
Sip feed nutrition is balanced. It contains all the nutrients required by a person. Therefore, it can be drunk or eaten in addition to normal food but is also suitable as a sole source of nutrition.
Tube feed nutrition
Tube feed nutrition can help you to meet your nutritional needs in times when you are not able to eat enough.
Tube feeding is a procedure used for administering liquid nutrition directly into the stomach or small intestine. To do this, a thin tube (probe) is inserted either through the nose (nasal probe) or through the abdomen into the stomach.
Parenteral Nutrition
Patients who are given Fresenius Kabi infusion solutions receive all the components of balanced nutrition: carbohydrates, amino acids and fats as well as minerals, vitamins and trace elements. The composition of these nutritional solutions can be precisely balanced to feed a patient for any period of time.
Parenteral nutrition is necessary when the stomach or intestine – for instance due to an illness or operation – can no longer perform their tasks. A doctor may also decide that a patient should receive parenteral nutrition prior to an operation or during lengthy examinations when he or she is not allowed to eat. In intravenous nutrition, all key nutrients enter the bloodstream as molecular components. A patient can rely on parenterally given nutrients for a long period of time.
There are a number of liquids with a variety of compositions that can be used for parenteral nutrition therapy either on their own or as a mixture. When deciding on the best nutritional therapy, the general condition of the patient plays an important role, as well as a patient’s age and weight. There are also solutions for patients with kidney or liver disease that contain a special composition of amino acids. Fresenius Kabi offers amino acids and carbohydrates as single components but also as a combination that contains both nutritional elements. Three-chamber bags contain all three important nutrients including fats.
Carbohydrates
Carbohydrates are the most important source of energy
Carbohydrates are the most important source of energy in parenteral nutrition. Often, glucose alone is sufficient. Glucose is a "universal fuel" that can be utilized by all the body’s cells, making it a standard nutrient for parenteral nutrition. Doctors can choose between solutions with different glucose concentrations. Combined solutions also contain other nutritional components besides carbohydrates.
Amino acid
Amino acids are essential for parenteral nutrition
Amino acids are the smallest components of proteins that perform many tasks in the body. Every organ requires proteins for its structure and function. Proteins transport, act as messengers, fight germs or control and create vital metabolic reactions. They are also important building blocks for muscles, hair and finger nails, for example.
All proteins consist of different amino acids. Therefore, amino acids are also indispensable for parenteral nutrition. Fresenius Kabi offers solutions containing amino acids in an ideal composition that the body can use to generate the required proteins.
Fats
Fats contain lots of energy and essential fatty acids
Fats contain not only a lot of energy, but also important fatty acids that the body itself cannot produce. These essential fatty acids help build up cell membranes and transmitters that regulate the metabolism.
Patients who are fed parenterally receive the fats as microscopic droplets that are suspended in a liquid known as emulsion. When this emulsion is infused into the blood stream, the tiny droplets disperse in the blood and can be absorbed by the body's cells. Fat emulsions help doctors to provide critically-ill patients with quickly-available energy while offering a reliable source of essential fatty acids.
Contact
Fresenius Kabi AG
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg
Germany
T: +49 6172 686-0
www.fresenius-kabi.com
Related Links
Fresenius Kabi
Information page on the topics of malnutrition and sip feeds
Video
Explanatory video: Nutrition therapy
What happens when the normal intake of food is no longer possible?
FOLLOW US
Fans
Follower
Follower
THE HEALTHCARE GROUP
Fresenius-Websites
Group Overview
CONTACT US
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg v.d.H.
Germany
T +49 (0) 6172 608-0
Contacts
Our Grievance Mechanism
VISIT US
How to get here
(PDF, 2242,72kb)
Worldwide
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Imprint
|
Data Protection
|
Legal Disclaimer
