Transfusion Medicine and Cell Therapies | FSE
Skip to main content
Main navigation
The Healthcare Group
Group Overview
Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius Helios
Management
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Corporate Governance
Compliance
Fields of Work
Biosimilars
Infusion and Nutrition Systems
IV Generics & Fluids
Clinical Nutrition
Transfusion Medicine & Cell Therapies
Inpatient & Outpatient Treatments
Occupational Healthcare & Prevention
Worldwide
Sustainability
Human Dimension
Planet Dimension
Ethical Foundation
Human Rights
Stakeholder Engagement
Sustainability Advisory Board
Data & Reporting Hub
History
Else Kröner-Fresenius Foundation
Calendar
Contacts
Stories
Antimicrobial resistance is on the rise: How Fresenius responds across all businesses
On World Prematurity Day: A little medical miracle at the Helios hospital in Pforzheim
Walking in a Patient’s Shoes
Medical Nutrition - 50 Years Of Fresubin
How Fresenius employees help people with cancer in every phase of the disease
“The new ADC medicines represent a real revolution in treatment.”
CAR-T cell therapy: Revolutionary chances of a cure, but costs still too high
“The flexibility of our Lovo and Cue cell processing systems was the key to success!”
CAR T cell therapy: Innovative therapy with the aid of genetically modified cells
“We combine various innovative solutions to achieve better patient outcomes step by step.”
&quot;Immunotherapies: Boosting Cures and more Patient Wellbeing&quot;
HOPE gives hope
Investors
Overview
Why invest in Fresenius
Strategy & Outlook
Goals and Strategy
Financial Performance Indicators
Group Structure
Outlook
Investor News & Ad-hoc News
Reporting Hub
Financial Results
Financial Reports & Presentation
Shareholder Center
Share
For U.S. Investors
Dividends & Total Return
Analysts & Consensus
Shareholder Structure
Capitalization
Group Figures
Investor Events
Financial Calendar
Annual General Meeting
Capital Markets Events
Credit Relations
Contacts
FAQ
AskFRE – Your IR Assistant
Media
News
Calendar
Contacts
Media Center
Careers
Menü
Fresenius Kabi
Products for chronically and critically ill patients
Fresenius Helios
Europe’s leading private healthcare provider
Archive "Stories"
Contact
Nick Stone
Senior Vice President Investor Relations
Head of Investor Relations
ir-fre@fresenius.com
Mehr anzeigen
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Xing
E-Mail
Services
Print
Contact
RSS
Transfusion Medicine and Cell Therapies
The Healthcare Group
Fields of Work
Transfusion Medicine & Cell Therapies
In-line filter system – a blood bag system for leukocyte filtration
Contact
Fresenius Kabi AG
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg
Germany
T: +49 6172 686-0
www.fresenius-kabi.com
Related Links
Fresenius Kabi
Infusion Therapy
For blood donation and component processing, Fresenius Kabi offers medical devices. These include cell separators (apheresis systems), autotransfusion devices, blood bag and filter systems as well as related blood processing equipment. Component processing consists of the separation and collection of certain blood cells.
Blood Cell Separator
The Fresenius cell separator has three areas of application:
Donate blood cells:
obtaining cells from the blood of a donor for transfusion, for example for treating coagulation dysfunctions or leukemia patients
Remove cancer cells:
removing diseased cells or blood plasma from the blood of a patient with leukemia or an autoimmune disease, i. e., in patients with disorders where the body produces defense substances against its own cells
Collect a patient’s cells
:
collecting cells from a patient's own blood for re-infusion, for example prior to operation.
Donate blood cells
A cell separator is primarily used to collect blood platelets or thrombocytes. While red blood cells mainly transport oxygen and other blood cells ward off pathogens, thrombocytes play an important role in blood clotting. Patients with too few thrombocytes suffer from an inability of the blood to coagulate properly. Injuries can lead to potentially dangerous bleeding. One example of the cause of thrombocyte deficiency is cancer therapy. Doctors infuse patients with healthy donor thrombocytes following treatment.
Thrombocytes are obtained most effectively with a blood cell separator. The machine, which works like a centrifuge, gently separates thrombocytes from the other blood components. Components that are not needed are immediately returned to the donor. Because only the thrombocytes are taken, which regenerate much quicker than red blood cells, a donor may donate much more frequently than in regular whole-blood donations. The cell separator also allows a much larger number of thrombocytes to be collected per donation than in whole blood. All patients who require a large number of thrombocytes can benefit double from the procedure – regular transfusions include thrombocytes from several sources but a blood cell separator can reduce the number of donors needed per transfusion. This allows a doctor to select thrombocytes from the most appropriate donors. This is important because the efficacy of the thrombocytes improves when the blood groups of donors and recipients match.
Remove cancer cells
A cell separator can separate thrombocytes from other blood cells; it can also support the treatment of leukemia patients by removing diseased cells directly from the blood. Since leukemic cancer cells quickly reproduce, this procedure cannot heal a patient. But it relieves the strain on the kidneys by considerably lowering the number of destroyed cancer cells that must be removed from the blood following treatment.
Collect a patient&#039;s cells
Although rarely used, another application of the blood cell separator is quickly gaining in importance. Doctors can use the device to remove stem cells from the blood of a cancer patient. Through pre-treatment bone marrow stem cells start to reproduce and partially move into the blood stream. These stem cells can be collected almost like platelets. This way surgery to obtain stem cells directly from bone marrow can be avoided.
The treatment subsequently used to combat cancer cells damage the stem cells from which all other blood cells are made. If the patient receives healthy stem cells after chemotherapy, healthy blood cells can develop quicker, for example the platelets that are important for hemostasis and coagulation.
Blood bag systems
Blood bag systems are the foundation for worldwide blood supply by "classical" blood donation. More than 90 percent of all blood donations are processed in these systems that consist of up to six different bags with variable functions.
A combination of bags with venous cannulae and integrated needle protection, pre-donation sampling pouches and different filtration devices form the basis for highly professional whole blood collection systems. They allow producing different blood component preparations according to national and international standards. Blood donation and processing with these systems is supplemented by other devices such as automated scales and blood separators, sterile docking systems and sealers to name a few.
Contact
Fresenius Kabi AG
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg
Germany
T: +49 6172 686-0
www.fresenius-kabi.com
Related Links
Fresenius Kabi
Infusion Therapy
FOLLOW US
Fans
Follower
Follower
THE HEALTHCARE GROUP
Fresenius-Websites
Group Overview
CONTACT US
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg v.d.H.
Germany
T +49 (0) 6172 608-0
Contacts
Our Grievance Mechanism
VISIT US
How to get here
(PDF, 2242,72kb)
Worldwide
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Imprint
|
Data Protection
|
Legal Disclaimer
