Employees | FSE
Skip to main content
Main navigation
The Healthcare Group
Group Overview
Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius Helios
Management
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Corporate Governance
Compliance
Fields of Work
Biosimilars
Infusion and Nutrition Systems
IV Generics & Fluids
Clinical Nutrition
Transfusion Medicine & Cell Therapies
Inpatient & Outpatient Treatments
Occupational Healthcare & Prevention
Worldwide
Sustainability
Human Dimension
Planet Dimension
Ethical Foundation
Human Rights
Stakeholder Engagement
Sustainability Advisory Board
Data & Reporting Hub
History
Else Kröner-Fresenius Foundation
Calendar
Contacts
Stories
Antimicrobial resistance is on the rise: How Fresenius responds across all businesses
On World Prematurity Day: A little medical miracle at the Helios hospital in Pforzheim
Walking in a Patient’s Shoes
Medical Nutrition - 50 Years Of Fresubin
How Fresenius employees help people with cancer in every phase of the disease
“The new ADC medicines represent a real revolution in treatment.”
CAR-T cell therapy: Revolutionary chances of a cure, but costs still too high
“The flexibility of our Lovo and Cue cell processing systems was the key to success!”
CAR T cell therapy: Innovative therapy with the aid of genetically modified cells
“We combine various innovative solutions to achieve better patient outcomes step by step.”
&quot;Immunotherapies: Boosting Cures and more Patient Wellbeing&quot;
HOPE gives hope
Investors
Overview
Why invest in Fresenius
Strategy & Outlook
Goals and Strategy
Financial Performance Indicators
Group Structure
Outlook
Investor News & Ad-hoc News
Reporting Hub
Financial Results
Financial Reports & Presentation
Shareholder Center
Share
For U.S. Investors
Dividends & Total Return
Analysts & Consensus
Shareholder Structure
Capitalization
Group Figures
Investor Events
Financial Calendar
Annual General Meeting
Capital Markets Events
Credit Relations
Contacts
FAQ
AskFRE – Your IR Assistant
Media
News
Calendar
Contacts
Media Center
Careers
Menü
Fresenius Kabi
Products for chronically and critically ill patients
Fresenius Helios
Europe’s leading private healthcare provider
Archive "Stories"
Contact
Nick Stone
Senior Vice President Investor Relations
Head of Investor Relations
ir-fre@fresenius.com
Mehr anzeigen
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Xing
E-Mail
Services
Print
Contact
RSS
Employees
Home
Contact
If you have any questions about sustainability, please contact us:
sustainability@fresenius.com
Fresenius Careers
What we offerer at Fresenius
Stories
Midwife, a dream job
Making mistakes to avoid them
Related Links
Fresenius Sustainability Highlights Magazine 2024
Sustainability Statement 2024
Interactive Tool
Group Social and Labor Standards Guideline
(PDF, 99 KB)
Our success is built on the dedication of our more than 176,000 employees around the world. Their achievements, skills, and dedication help our business segments to hold leading positions in their respective markets. At Fresenius, we want to continue attracting, retaining, and developing talent. To this end, we need to build on our position as an attractive employer in a market environment characterized by a shortage of personnel.
What’s going to help us achieve this is our corporate culture in which every employee is treated equally and given the same opportunities to grow professionally, as well as a modern hybrid working environment, and attractive benefits. In all aspects of our operations, we aim to comply with internationally recognized labor and social standards. This is set out in our
Code of Conduct
and our
Human Rights Statement
.
Our Culture
At Fresenius, we promote a culture where every employee is treated equally and given the same opportunities to grow professionally and perform at their best. We recognize that our employees are our greatest asset. And we are convinced that combining different perspectives, opinions, experiences, cultures and values enables us to harness the potential that will make our company even more successful. Therefore, we foster international and interdisciplinary cooperation throughout the Group.
As a global company, the variety of our markets and locations is reflected in our workforce, which includes employees from more than 150 nationalities. The Group and its operating companies design HR development programs tailored to the requirements of their respective business models and regions. One size does not fit all - we are driven by the ambition to understand and respond to unique situations and individuals.
Our management consciously opposes all forms of discrimination. This commitment extends equally to employees, business partners, and patients. We work in an atmosphere of mutual respect, where our interactions are open, fair, and appreciative. We do not tolerate insults, humiliation, or harassment in our daily work, whether internally or externally. These values are enshrined in the Fresenius Code of Conduct, which is binding for all employees. This Code clearly articulates our stance and lays the foundation for team collaboration and corporate culture.
Employee journey
We offer our employees the opportunity to develop professionally in a dynamic international environment. To this end, we use different concepts and measures for personnel development aligned with their own market structures. We constantly adapt our approaches to current trends and requirements.
Attracting and retaining outstanding talent is crucial to our success. That's why our HR development measures are rounded off by segment-specific talent management and further individual training offerings for employees and managers.
Health and Safety
As a healthcare Group, we are responsible not only for the well-being of our patients, but also for the health and safety of our employees. We have implemented management systems and measures throughout the Group to prevent employee accidents and work-related illnesses. Creating a safe and healthy working environment is our priority.
Prevention is our guiding principle; this is why we offer our employees comprehensive programs that promote their health and prevent occupational diseases.
Occupational safety concepts are adapted to the specific business models of each business segment. Our concepts focus on occupational health and safety within production, as well as occupational health management for employees in our healthcare facilities or administration.
Employee engagement and dialog
Trust and cooperation between management, employees, and employee representatives is well established at Fresenius and is an integral part of our corporate culture. We aim to support our employees in their engagement, nourish their ambitions and actively offer development opportunities. In addition, an open and ongoing dialog between management and employee representatives, as well as unions, is important to us.
In recent years, we have established various dialog formats to strengthen communication between management and employees – both at Group level and in the individual business segments. This allows the Management Board to provide employees with information on important issues personally. In addition, we promote our feedback culture and the constructive exchange of ideas.
A key tool for measuring the success of our leadership and communication initiatives is the Employee Engagement Index.
Contact
If you have any questions about sustainability, please contact us:
sustainability@fresenius.com
Fresenius Careers
What we offerer at Fresenius
Stories
Midwife, a dream job
Making mistakes to avoid them
Related Links
Fresenius Sustainability Highlights Magazine 2024
Sustainability Statement 2024
Interactive Tool
Group Social and Labor Standards Guideline
(PDF, 99 KB)
FOLLOW US
Fans
Follower
Follower
THE HEALTHCARE GROUP
Fresenius-Websites
Group Overview
CONTACT US
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg v.d.H.
Germany
T +49 (0) 6172 608-0
Contacts
Our Grievance Mechanism
VISIT US
How to get here
(PDF, 2242,72kb)
Worldwide
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Imprint
|
Data Protection
|
Legal Disclaimer
