Fresenius establishes venture fund of more than €200 million to drive healthcare innovation | FSE
Skip to main content
Main navigation
The Healthcare Group
Group Overview
Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius Helios
Management
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Corporate Governance
Compliance
Fields of Work
Biosimilars
Infusion and Nutrition Systems
IV Generics & Fluids
Clinical Nutrition
Transfusion Medicine & Cell Therapies
Inpatient & Outpatient Treatments
Occupational Healthcare & Prevention
Worldwide
Sustainability
Human Dimension
Planet Dimension
Ethical Foundation
Human Rights
Stakeholder Engagement
Sustainability Advisory Board
Data & Reporting Hub
History
Else Kröner-Fresenius Foundation
Calendar
Contacts
Stories
Antimicrobial resistance is on the rise: How Fresenius responds across all businesses
On World Prematurity Day: A little medical miracle at the Helios hospital in Pforzheim
Walking in a Patient’s Shoes
Medical Nutrition - 50 Years Of Fresubin
How Fresenius employees help people with cancer in every phase of the disease
“The new ADC medicines represent a real revolution in treatment.”
CAR-T cell therapy: Revolutionary chances of a cure, but costs still too high
“The flexibility of our Lovo and Cue cell processing systems was the key to success!”
CAR T cell therapy: Innovative therapy with the aid of genetically modified cells
“We combine various innovative solutions to achieve better patient outcomes step by step.”
&quot;Immunotherapies: Boosting Cures and more Patient Wellbeing&quot;
HOPE gives hope
Investors
Overview
Why invest in Fresenius
Strategy & Outlook
Goals and Strategy
Financial Performance Indicators
Group Structure
Outlook
Investor News & Ad-hoc News
Reporting Hub
Financial Results
Financial Reports & Presentation
Shareholder Center
Share
For U.S. Investors
Dividends & Total Return
Analysts & Consensus
Shareholder Structure
Capitalization
Group Figures
Investor Events
Financial Calendar
Annual General Meeting
Capital Markets Events
Credit Relations
Contacts
FAQ
AskFRE – Your IR Assistant
Media
News
Calendar
Contacts
Media Center
Careers
Menü
Fresenius Kabi
Products for chronically and critically ill patients
Fresenius Helios
Europe’s leading private healthcare provider
Archive "Stories"
Contact
Nick Stone
Senior Vice President Investor Relations
Head of Investor Relations
ir-fre@fresenius.com
Mehr anzeigen
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Xing
E-Mail
Services
Print
Contact
RSS
July 23, 2026
Fresenius establishes venture fund of more than €200 million to drive healthcare innovation
Contact
Steffen Rinas
T +49 (0) 6172 608-6698
steffen.rinas@fresenius.com
Documents
Text as PDF document
(PDF, 139 KB)
Documents
Text as PDF document
(PDF, 1.15 MB)
Fresenius is further expanding its access to innovation networks through its own corporate venture capital fund. Fresenius Ventures invests in founders, technologies, and business models from early financing rounds through to the growth stage. The newly established unit combines venture capital with medical, regulatory, and operational expertise and provides access to clinical, scientific, and academic networks.
With an intended investment volume of more than €200 million over the next 5 years, Fresenius Ventures targets growth fields adjacent to Fresenius’ existing strategic platforms (Bio)Pharma, MedTech, and Care Provision. Potential investment areas of Fresenius Ventures include, for example, precision nutrition, microbiome research, new modalities, and digital care provision solutions. Investments will be made in line with Fresenius’ capital allocation approach.
Michael Sen, CEO of Fresenius, says: “Fresenius Ventures is a strategic instrument of #FutureFresenius. Through targeted investments in promising healthcare innovators, we gain early access to breakthrough technologies, new ideas, and entrepreneurial talent. This step enables us to strengthen our innovation capabilities within the healthcare ecosystem and tap into adjacent growth fields while consistently strengthening Fresenius. I am delighted that Dr. Thomas Michael Thestrup, a highly experienced healthcare and corporate venture capital expert, will lead Fresenius Ventures.”
Thomas Michael Thestrup joins Fresenius from Angelini Ventures, an international healthcare venture capital company and part of the Italian industrial group Angelini Industries.
“Fresenius Ventures backs the innovators shaping the next era of healthcare with the experience, pace, and conviction founders expect. We offer more than capital: deep operating and regulatory expertise across global markets, coupled with access to the clinical, scientific, and academic ecosystems where real progress happens today,” says Thomas Thestrup, Managing Director and Head of Fresenius Ventures.
Thomas Thestrup has more than 15 years of experience in research, health tech, and the pharma industry. Prior to Angelini Ventures, he worked for Lundbeck A/S as Director of Corporate Business Development and Strategy. Further positions prior to this include Global Business Development at UCB as well as Life Science Ventures at Sunstone Capital. Thomas Thestrup received his Ph.D. from the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology in Munich.
For more information about Fresenius Ventures, please see:
fresenius-ventures.com
This release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Future results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements due to certain factors, e.g. changes in business, economic and competitive conditions, regulatory reforms, results of clinical trials, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, uncertainties in litigation or investigative proceedings, the availability of financing and unforeseen impacts of international conflicts. Fresenius does not undertake any responsibility to update the forward-looking statements in this release.
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Registered Office: Bad Homburg, Germany / Commercial Register: Amtsgericht Bad Homburg, HRB 11852
Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Wolfgang Kirsch
General Partner: Fresenius Management SE
Registered Office: Bad Homburg, Germany / Commercial Register: Amtsgericht Bad Homburg, HRB 11673
Management Board: Michael Sen (Chairman), Pierluigi Antonelli, Sara Hennicken, Dr. Michael Moser, Dr. Christian Pawlu
Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Wolfgang Kirsch
FOLLOW US
Fans
Follower
Follower
THE HEALTHCARE GROUP
Fresenius-Websites
Group Overview
CONTACT US
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg v.d.H.
Germany
T +49 (0) 6172 608-0
Contacts
Our Grievance Mechanism
VISIT US
How to get here
(PDF, 2242,72kb)
Worldwide
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Imprint
|
Data Protection
|
Legal Disclaimer
