Home | FSE
Skip to main content
Main navigation
The Healthcare Group
Group Overview
Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius Helios
Management
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Corporate Governance
Compliance
Fields of Work
Biosimilars
Infusion and Nutrition Systems
IV Generics & Fluids
Clinical Nutrition
Transfusion Medicine & Cell Therapies
Inpatient & Outpatient Treatments
Occupational Healthcare & Prevention
Worldwide
Sustainability
Human Dimension
Planet Dimension
Ethical Foundation
Human Rights
Stakeholder Engagement
Sustainability Advisory Board
Data & Reporting Hub
History
Else Kröner-Fresenius Foundation
Calendar
Contacts
Stories
Antimicrobial resistance is on the rise: How Fresenius responds across all businesses
On World Prematurity Day: A little medical miracle at the Helios hospital in Pforzheim
Walking in a Patient’s Shoes
Medical Nutrition - 50 Years Of Fresubin
How Fresenius employees help people with cancer in every phase of the disease
“The new ADC medicines represent a real revolution in treatment.”
CAR-T cell therapy: Revolutionary chances of a cure, but costs still too high
“The flexibility of our Lovo and Cue cell processing systems was the key to success!”
CAR T cell therapy: Innovative therapy with the aid of genetically modified cells
“We combine various innovative solutions to achieve better patient outcomes step by step.”
&quot;Immunotherapies: Boosting Cures and more Patient Wellbeing&quot;
HOPE gives hope
Investors
Overview
Why invest in Fresenius
Strategy & Outlook
Goals and Strategy
Financial Performance Indicators
Group Structure
Outlook
Investor News & Ad-hoc News
Reporting Hub
Financial Results
Financial Reports & Presentation
Shareholder Center
Share
For U.S. Investors
Dividends & Total Return
Analysts & Consensus
Shareholder Structure
Capitalization
Group Figures
Investor Events
Financial Calendar
Annual General Meeting
Capital Markets Events
Credit Relations
Contacts
FAQ
AskFRE – Your IR Assistant
Media
News
Calendar
Contacts
Media Center
Careers
Menü
Fresenius Kabi
Products for chronically and critically ill patients
Fresenius Helios
Europe’s leading private healthcare provider
Archive "Stories"
Contact
Nick Stone
Senior Vice President Investor Relations
Head of Investor Relations
ir-fre@fresenius.com
Mehr anzeigen
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Xing
E-Mail
Services
Print
Contact
RSS
Q2/26 financial results
Fresenius transitions to registered shares
Acting together for sustainable impact: Sustainability Highlights Magazine Vol. 3 is online!
More time for patients thanks to AI in the consulting room
FRESENIUS SE & CO. KGaA
Q2/26 financial results
Fresenius published its Q2/26 financial results, showing profitable growth, strong earnings progression and improved returns.
More details
Fresenius transitions to registered shares
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA will convert its ordinary bearer shares into registered shares, implementing a resolution approved at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. Shareholders do not need to take any action.
More details
Acting together for sustainable impact: Sustainability Highlights Magazine Vol. 3 is online!
Discover how Fresenius embeds sustainability into its core business and steers impact across clear focus topics – driven by shared responsibility and long‑term value creation.
Sustainability Highlights Magazine Vol. 3
More time for patients thanks to AI in the consulting room
With Scribe, our Quirónsalud hospitals are revolutionizing the Spanish healthcare system. The Ai-powered application enhances efficiency and quality while also strengthening the doctor–patient relationship – for more humanity in medicine.
Read the story
Fresenius Kabi
Products for critically and chronically ill patients
Fresenius Helios
Europe&#039;s leading private healthcare provider
News
Fresenius transitions to registered shares – automatic conversion for shareholders
Fresenius transitions to registered shares – automatic conversion for shareholders
August 06, 2026 · Fresenius
#FutureFresenius: Excellent Q2 performance demonstrates structural step-up – Guidance raised
#FutureFresenius: Excellent Q2 performance demonstrates structural step-up – Guidance raised
August 04, 2026 · Fresenius
Fresenius Announces FDA Approval of Rituximab Biosimilar for the U.S. Market
Fresenius Announces FDA Approval of Rituximab Biosimilar for the U.S. Market
August 03, 2026 · Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius Announces FDA and EMA Acceptance for Review of Vedolizumab Biosimilar Candidate
Fresenius Announces FDA and EMA Acceptance for Review of Vedolizumab Biosimilar Candidate
July 31, 2026 · Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius establishes venture fund of more than €200 million to drive healthcare innovation
Fresenius establishes venture fund of more than €200 million to drive healthcare innovation
Fresenius is further expanding its access to innovation networks through its own corporate venture capital fund.
July 23, 2026 · Fresenius
Fresenius successfully issues €1 billion in bonds
Fresenius successfully issues €1 billion in bonds
July 01, 2026 · Fresenius
Fresenius announces European launch of Pedismof® range
Fresenius announces European launch of Pedismof® range
June 08, 2026 · Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius Opens Innovation Center for Medical Nutrition in Bad Homburg
Fresenius Opens Innovation Center for Medical Nutrition in Bad Homburg
Fresenius today officially opened its new Innovation Center in Bad Homburg, Germany, marking a major milestone in strengthening research, development, and innovation in medical nutrition.
June 02, 2026 · Fresenius Kabi
Brief News
AI assistant enhances access to Investor Relations information
Today, Fresenius has launched the AI-powered assistant – “AskFRE” – on its Investor Relations (IR) website, marking an important step in advancing its digital capital markets communications. The solution is a joint initiative of the Fresenius AI Center of Excellence and the Investor Relations team.With AskFRE, visitors can now interact with an integrated AI chatbot that provides direct answers to capital market-relevant information. This includes financial results, company updates and other IR content – based exclusively on publicly available Fresenius disclosures.In an increasingly fast-paced and data-driven environment, digital investor relations play a key role in delivering timely, transparent and stakeholder-focused communication. AskFRE supports this ambition by enabling more intuitive access to financial information and tailored user interactions, while reinforcing the consistency and accessibility of Fresenius’ disclosures.With AskFRE, Fresenius underscores its commitment to advancing a best in class digital investor relations experience.AskFRE is now available: https://www.fresenius.com/AskFRE-Your-IR-Assistant
May 26, 2026 · Fresenius
2026 Annual General Meeting of Fresenius: Shareholders approve all agenda items
2026 Annual General Meeting of Fresenius: Shareholders approve all agenda items
May 22, 2026 · Fresenius
2026 Annual General Meeting: Fresenius delivers strong performance in 2025 and proposes 5% increase in dividends
2026 Annual General Meeting: Fresenius delivers strong performance in 2025 and proposes 5% increase in dividends
Michael Sen, CEO of Fresenius, emphasized: “In the past financial year, we showed that Fresenius can deliver a strong performance even in an environment where volatility has become the norm.”
May 22, 2026 · Fresenius
#FutureFresenius: REJUVENATE in action – Excellent start to the year - demonstrating continued strength and resilient performance; Guidance reconfirmed
#FutureFresenius: REJUVENATE in action – Excellent start to the year - demonstrating continued strength and resilient performance; Guidance reconfirmed
Michael Sen, CEO of Fresenius: &quot;Fresenius made an excellent start to 2026, delivering performance fully in line with our expectations and leading us to reconfirm our full‑year guidance.
May 06, 2026 · Fresenius
Fresenius invests in Avelios Medical and further expands its strategic partnership with SAP
Fresenius invests in Avelios Medical and further expands its strategic partnership with SAP
Fresenius, together with SAP, is investing in Avelios Medical, a company developing a next-generation, cloud-native hospital information system.
May 06, 2026 · Fresenius
#FutureFresenius is paying off: S&P Global Ratings revises outlook for Fresenius SE from stable to positive
#FutureFresenius is paying off: S&P Global Ratings revises outlook for Fresenius SE from stable to positive
S&P Global Ratings (S&P), a globally recognized credit rating agency today revised its credit outlook for Fresenius SE from stable to positive.
April 08, 2026 · Fresenius
Brief News
Fresenius publishes 2025 Annual Report – REJUVENATE: Delivering accelerated performance for long-term value creation
Today, Fresenius published its 2025 Annual Report. As announced in late February 2026, 2025 marked another strong year of performance and the launch of the current phase of the #FutureFresenius strategy: Rejuvenate. Despite headwinds, the healthcare group achieved its outlook, which was raised twice during the year. Group revenue before special items rose to €22.6 billion, with organic growth of 7%, while constant currency Core EPS (excluding FMC) increased by 12%.   “Over the past three years, we have successfully implemented our #FutureFresenius strategy and created a new Fresenius that is innovative, relevant, resilient, and adaptable. At the same time, we have significantly bolstered our company’s economic strength. We aim to build on this strong foundation,” said Michael Sen, Chairman of the Management Board of Fresenius.    The 2025 Annual Report demonstrates how Fresenius is creating sustainable value for all stakeholders by executing its #FutureFresenius strategy. It includes the Sustainability Statement in accordance with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), and is available as a PDF and as an interactive online version in German and English. The online report features additional business stories and includes a video statement from CEO Michael Sen.
March 25, 2026 · Fresenius
#FutureFresenius: REJUVENATE in action – Delivering accelerated performance for long-term value creation; 2025 yet another year of strong delivery
#FutureFresenius: REJUVENATE in action – Delivering accelerated performance for long-term value creation; 2025 yet another year of strong delivery
February 25, 2026 · Fresenius
Fresenius Supervisory Board extends ahead of schedule CEO Michael Sen’s contract by five years --- Christian Pawlu to join Management Board for Fresenius Helios effective July 1, 2026
Fresenius Supervisory Board extends ahead of schedule CEO Michael Sen’s contract by five years --- Christian Pawlu to join Management Board for Fresenius Helios effective July 1, 2026
The Fresenius Supervisory Board has unanimously extended ahead of schedule the mandate of CEO Michael Sen (57) by five years. This will help to ensure continuity in the company’s leadership for the next phase in its #FutureFresenius strategy. His contract will now run until 2031.Wolfgang Kirsch, Chair of the Supervisory Board of Fresenius, said: “Michael Sen has been instrumental in driving the company’s development with #FutureFresenius in the past three years. Today, Fresenius is more innovative and relevant – well positioned to leverage the significant opportunities in the healthcare industry. Michael Sen and his team have placed Fresenius on a growth path offering long-term profitability that benefits all stakeholders. We want to maintain this continuity. Both the Supervisory Board and I personally look forward to continuing our collaboration in the coming years.”“I would like to thank the Supervisory Board for its trust and look forward to continuing to work with all Supervisory Board members, my management team, and our outstanding employees as well as our customers, partners, and shareholders. Over the past few years, we have made the company more innovative while remaining focused on delivering profitable growth. Today, Fresenius is more relevant than ever before. We want to continue this success story. In times of fundamental change shaped by rapid advances in new technologies such as AI and a transactional world order, we bear even greater responsibility as a leading global healthcare company. Now more than ever, our goal is to provide high-quality, reliable healthcare while making healthcare systems even more efficient and resilient,” adds Michael Sen, CEO of Fresenius.Dr. Christian Pawlu succeeds Robert MöllerThe Fresenius Supervisory Board has also unanimously appointed Dr. Christian Pawlu (48) to the Fresenius Management Board, effective July 1, 2026. He will oversee the businesses of Fresenius Helios, which includes the two private hospital chains, Quirónsalud in Spain and Helios Kliniken in Germany. He will succeed Robert Möller (59) on the Management Board, who will establish the company’s Office of the Management in Berlin and Brussels.“On behalf of the Supervisory Board, I would like to sincerely thank Robert Möller for the excellent cooperation and successful leadership of Fresenius Helios in recent years. Through the formation of medical clusters and the focus on digitalization and excellent patient care, the two hospital chains are excellently positioned in Germany and Spain. I am therefore delighted that Robert Möller will continue to contribute his expertise to the company,” says Wolfgang Kirsch. He adds: “With Christian Pawlu, we have been able to acquire a physician and strategist with a broad international network for the Group’s Management Board. I am especially pleased that we could find an outstanding internal candidate who has already contributed significantly to the hospital business as Chief Operating Officer of Fresenius Helios. I wish Christian Pawlu a strong start in his new role.”Michael Sen (57) has been CEO of Fresenius since October 1, 2022. He is also Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the listed dialysis provider Fresenius Medical Care. In April 2021, Michael Sen was appointed CEO of Fresenius Kabi. Before joining Fresenius, he was a member of the Management Board at Siemens AG, responsible for the healthcare and energy business. He took Siemens Healthineers public during this time. Prior to this, he was Chief Financial Officer at the energy group E.ON SE.Dr. Christian Pawlu has been Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Helios in Germany since March 2025, and in September 2025 expanded his responsibilities as COO of Fresenius Helios including Helios in Germany and Quirónsalud in Spain. Prior to this, he served as Head of Corporate Development at Fresenius after joining Fresenius Kabi in Bad Homburg as Head of Corporate Development in April 2021. From 2022 to 2025, he was a member of the Supervisory Board of the Fresenius subsidiary mAbxience, based in Spain. In his early career, Christian Pawlu was a member of Sandoz Group AG’s Executive Board, CEO of a private high-tech start-up, and a partner at McKinsey &amp; Company management consultancy.
February 25, 2026 · Fresenius
Brief News
Fresenius and Phlow Partner to Strengthen U.S. Supply of Essential Medicine
Fresenius Kabi, an operating company of Fresenius, has entered a first-of-its-kind partnership with U.S. manufacturer Phlow Corp. to establish a fully domestic, end-to-end supply chain for Epinephrine Injection, USP — an FDA designated essential medicine frequently at risk of shortage in the United States. Under the collaboration, Phlow will produce the U.S.-based API, while Fresenius Kabi manufactures the finished doses for hospitals and clinics across the country. With this initiative, Fresenius advances its local-for-local manufacturing strategy and supports national efforts to strengthen pharmaceutical security. The partnership reinforces the ambitions of #FutureFresenius as it expands Fresenius’ role as a leading global provider of lifesaving therapies, advancing resilient manufacturing that improves patient care and health-system stability. Pending regulatory approvals, epinephrine produced through this collaboration could be available to U.S. hospitals in 2027.
February 09, 2026 · Fresenius Kabi
All News
Disclaimer
August 05, 2026
|
Bad Homburg, Germany
Conference Call Q2 2026
Webcast
Presentation
Investor News
Key Figures Q2/26
Q2/26 Aide Memoire
Q2/26 Transcript
Import
(ICS)
Next event
Library
Fresenius Company Presentation
(PDF, 7.53 MB)
Fresenius Investor Presentation
(PDF, 1.77 MB)
Annual Report 2025 (IFRS)
(PDF, 14.08 MB)
Book &quot;100 Years of Fresenius&quot;
(PDF, 6.25 MB)
Social Media Guidelines
(PDF, 1.97 MB)
FOLLOW US
Fans
Follower
Follower
THE HEALTHCARE GROUP
Fresenius-Websites
Group Overview
CONTACT US
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg v.d.H.
Germany
T +49 (0) 6172 608-0
Contacts
Our Grievance Mechanism
VISIT US
How to get here
(PDF, 2242,72kb)
Worldwide
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Imprint
|
Data Protection
|
Legal Disclaimer
