Sustainability | FSE
Skip to main content
Main navigation
The Healthcare Group
Group Overview
Fresenius Kabi
Fresenius Helios
Management
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Corporate Governance
Compliance
Fields of Work
Biosimilars
Infusion and Nutrition Systems
IV Generics & Fluids
Clinical Nutrition
Transfusion Medicine & Cell Therapies
Inpatient & Outpatient Treatments
Occupational Healthcare & Prevention
Worldwide
Sustainability
Human Dimension
Planet Dimension
Ethical Foundation
Human Rights
Stakeholder Engagement
Sustainability Advisory Board
Data & Reporting Hub
History
Else Kröner-Fresenius Foundation
Calendar
Contacts
Stories
Antimicrobial resistance is on the rise: How Fresenius responds across all businesses
On World Prematurity Day: A little medical miracle at the Helios hospital in Pforzheim
Walking in a Patient’s Shoes
Medical Nutrition - 50 Years Of Fresubin
How Fresenius employees help people with cancer in every phase of the disease
“The new ADC medicines represent a real revolution in treatment.”
CAR-T cell therapy: Revolutionary chances of a cure, but costs still too high
“The flexibility of our Lovo and Cue cell processing systems was the key to success!”
CAR T cell therapy: Innovative therapy with the aid of genetically modified cells
“We combine various innovative solutions to achieve better patient outcomes step by step.”
&quot;Immunotherapies: Boosting Cures and more Patient Wellbeing&quot;
HOPE gives hope
Investors
Overview
Why invest in Fresenius
Strategy & Outlook
Goals and Strategy
Financial Performance Indicators
Group Structure
Outlook
Investor News & Ad-hoc News
Reporting Hub
Financial Results
Financial Reports & Presentation
Shareholder Center
Share
For U.S. Investors
Dividends & Total Return
Analysts & Consensus
Shareholder Structure
Capitalization
Group Figures
Investor Events
Financial Calendar
Annual General Meeting
Capital Markets Events
Credit Relations
Contacts
FAQ
AskFRE – Your IR Assistant
Media
News
Calendar
Contacts
Media Center
Careers
Menü
Fresenius Kabi
Products for chronically and critically ill patients
Fresenius Helios
Europe’s leading private healthcare provider
Archive "Stories"
Contact
Nick Stone
Senior Vice President Investor Relations
Head of Investor Relations
ir-fre@fresenius.com
Mehr anzeigen
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Xing
E-Mail
Services
Print
Contact
RSS
Sustainability at Fresenius: Taking care of people and the planet
At Fresenius, we are committed to life. As a healthcare company, taking care of people is in our DNA. This also extends to taking care of our planet. Because people need a healthy home to live a healthy life.
Sustainability
Our Sustainability Framework
Our mission is to save and improve human lives. Sustainability supports this mission by focusing on opportunities that arise from sustainable business practices and translating them into measurable progress, guided by defined targets and key performance indicators across our Sustainability Framework.
Our approach built on a unique corporate legacy spanning more than a century and is guided by
strong principles
and a clear direction for the future.
Our
Sustainability Framework translates this approach into action. It structures our activities across three dimensions and nine focus topics, providing clear orientation and a consistent direction across the Group.
We focus on three core dimensions:
➔
Human Dimension
➔
Planet Dimension
➔
Ethical Foundation
“For us, sustainability is not just a buzzword. It's our responsibility and our strength. It makes us competitive and resilient, ensuring our success. Both today and tomorrow.”
Dr. Michael Moser, Member of the Fresenius Management Board, responsible for Legal, Compliance, Risk Management, Sustainability, Human Resources, Corporate Audit and Vamed
Our Goals and Progress
Since we can only improve what we understand and control, we have set ourselves goals along our business activities – for the Group as a whole and for the individual operating companies.
At Fresenius, sustainability is an important responsibility of the Management Board: As a key component of our business strategy, sustainability targets are also included in the variable compensation of the Management Board.
Our Sustainability Governance
Effective governance is essential for us to understand and actively manage our activities. It provides the structure and accountability needed to ensure that our sustainability ambitions are not just aspirations, but actions. Through an integrated approach, we turn isolated initiatives into meaningful progress.
Clear ownership and strong collaboration
At Fresenius, overall responsibility for sustainability lies with the Fresenius Management Board member responsible for Legal, Compliance, Risk Management, Sustainability, Human Resources, Corporate Audit and Fresenius Vamed.
The Group Sustainability function serves as the central competence center for sustainability across the Group. It monitors regulatory developments, identifies material topics, defines strategic priorities and opportunities to drive implementation of our Sustainability Framework. It supports the Group-wide rollout of sustainability initiatives. It is also responsible for sustainability-related internal and external stakeholder communication and, together with Global Accounting, for non-financial reporting.
The Group Sustainability Committee defines the company-wide approach, monitors progress, and oversees its implementation – both overall and across the individual focus topics. Dedicated working groups throughout the organization drive these topics forward and ensure their operational execution.
The Management Board and the Supervisory Board review the progress and the results of the sustainability management across the Group.
Read more in our Sustainability Statement.
"For us, sustainability means focusing on where we can make the greatest contribution to people, the environment, and our company. It is  an integral part of responsible corporate governance. Our Sustainability Framework helps us set priorities, make progress transparent, and manage our sustainability activities in a structured way."
Axel Faupel, Head of Group Sustainability, Fresenius Group
Our Sustainability Advisory Board
Fresenius has appointed an independent Sustainability Advisory Board. Four leading international experts from science, business, and consulting are supporting us in further developing our related activities.
Image from left to right: Fabian Kienbaum, Dr. Fiona Adshead, Dr. Michael Moser (Member of the Management Board), Anahita Thoms (Chair) and Prof. Dr. Judith Walls.
Read more
Sustainability Perspectives
Gain insights into our recent activities and meet the colleagues driving our efforts.
Meeting of the Sustainability Advisory Board at Quirónsalud: Human-Centered Care in Focus
How digital innovation and value-based healthcare are transforming the provision of healthcare services and enabling patient-centered, sustainable solutions was the focus of Fresenius’ Sustainability Advisory Board meeting held in Madrid in June 2025.
Read more
Sustainability Perspectives
Gain insights into our recent activities and meet the colleagues driving our efforts.
Sustainability at Fresenius: Five Questions for Sarah Tix, Head of Group Sustainability
"In our view, sustainability management represents a real opportunity and is essential for securing the resilience, competitiveness, and long-term success of companies."
Read more
Sustainability Perspectives
Gain insights into our recent activities and meet the colleagues driving our efforts.
Meeting of the Sustainability Advisory Board at Fresenius Kabi: Driving Sustainability in Manufacturing
At the first SAB meeting of 2025, held at the Fresenius Kabi production site in Friedberg, Germany, a range of topics related to advancing our sustainability efforts, especially in manufacturing, were discussed – from water management to human rights due diligence.
Read more
Sustainability Perspectives
Gain insights into our recent activities and meet the colleagues driving our efforts.
Climate Protection: Three questions for Mapi Henríquez de Armas, Director Sustainability at Quirónsalud
"While adapting to climate change is managed at a local level, we have set global emission reduction targets that help us to meet related expectations and to coordinate our efforts."
Read more
You would like to learn more about the specific sustainability activities of our operating companies? Have a look at their dedicated websites:
Sustainability at Fresenius Kabi
Sustainability at Helios Deutschland (only in German)
Sustainability at Quirónsalud
FOLLOW US
Fans
Follower
Follower
THE HEALTHCARE GROUP
Fresenius-Websites
Group Overview
CONTACT US
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Else-Kröner-Str. 1
61352 Bad Homburg v.d.H.
Germany
T +49 (0) 6172 608-0
Contacts
Our Grievance Mechanism
VISIT US
How to get here
(PDF, 2242,72kb)
Worldwide
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Imprint
|
Data Protection
|
Legal Disclaimer
