Integrated Solutions
Home
Activities
Integrated Solutions
Broad spectrum of services
Integrated Solutions
HOCHTIEF Group companies Turner and CIMIC offer comprehensive end-to-end solutions for large-scale building, civil engineering and industrial projects. Our services range from engineering, project management, supply chain and procurement services to the execution of civil works and industrial and infrastructure maintenance services.
Our high added-value engineering-led services cater to a wide range of industries, including for next generation infrastructure and growth markets such as high-tech and digital, energy transition, sustainable mobility, critical minerals, biopharma, healthcare, education and other social infrastructure.
Polk County Data Center, Altoona, IA, USA
New York City-based Turner offers construction management services and a range of value-added solutions that include technical engineering and supply chain and procurement services. Turner is a recognized leader in the largest and growing building market segments including the incredibly dynamic advanced technology market. It has the most comprehensive office networks in North America and has a growing presence in Asia, and Europe.
Turner primarily operates on the basis of a low-risk, construction management contracting model. As part of its strategy, Turner is successfully pursuing opportunities in high-tech growth markets such as data centers and electric vehicle battery plants. More generally, the company delivers services on building projects of all types and sizes throughout North America and around the world.
According to the Engineering News-Record (ENR) magazine, Turner is the leading provider in several building construction market segments, including sustainable green building once again in 2025. It also came first in the Health Care and Sports market segments. Additionally, Turner ranked second in Education and Commercial Offices in 2025. Turner’s rapidly expanding SourceBlue business provides supply chain and logistics services, providing a competitive edge its strategic growth markets.
Sydney Metro, Australia
CIMIC is an engineering-led services, construction and natural resources leader. Powered by 30,000 people, and pioneering technology and engineering, CIMIC delivers high-value and sustainable solutions across the lifecycle of assets, infrastructure and resources projects in around 20 countries through CPB Contractors, Leighton Asia, UGL, Sedgman, Thiess, Pacific Partnerships and EIC Activities.
Turner
Website
CIMIC
Website
Warning of invoice and procurement fraud!
Invoice and procurement fraud attempts are currently taking place. In these cases, fraudsters pose as HOCHTIEF employees and attempt to place orders with suppliers in their name or obtain quotation data...
OK
Further information