Infrastructure Investment
Home
Activities
Infrastructure Investment
Intelligent solutions for a better life
Infrastructure Investment
When the public sector and private companies work closely together, highly efficient infrastructure solutions can be developed for the benefit of society. Together with our majority shareholder ACS, HOCHTIEF has been the largest PPP (public private partnership) project developer by number of concessions and capital invested since 1985, giving us a unique experience profile.
The full lifecycle approach to projects including the design, project financing (including equity investments), construction and long-term operations offers significant efficiency gains as well as cost and delivery certainty. Based on the HOCHTIEF Group’s strong track record we continue to engage and invest in major greenfield transport and social infrastructure projects. Furthermore, we are expanding our presence in next generation greenfield infrastructure development projects in the areas of Digital & Tech, Energy Transition, sustainable mobility and other, early stage markets (critical minerals, semiconductors) which feature many similarities to PPPs and build on the strength and experience of our operating companies. These project are delivered through
HOCHTIEF PPP Solutions
Website
Pacific Partnerships
Website
Furthermore, HOCHTIEF owns a 20% stake in Abertis, a leading global toll road operator with a strong trajectory of sustainable and profitable growth. Its diversified portfolio of high quality concessions, operational excellence and industrial expertise result in a perpetual value creation model with further investment opportunities for HOCHTIEF in brownfield concessions.
Abertis
Website
This might also interest you
Our locations and regional contacts
We operate globally—HOCHTIEF worldwide
Creating long-term values for all stakeholders—our strategy
How HOCHTIEF overcomes the investment bottleneck through PPP
Warning of invoice and procurement fraud!
Invoice and procurement fraud attempts are currently taking place. In these cases, fraudsters pose as HOCHTIEF employees and attempt to place orders with suppliers in their name or obtain quotation data...
OK
Further information