Our Global Network
Home
About HOCHTIEF
Our Global Network
Through our subsidiaries and as part of the ACS Group, we are part of a global network of leading companies in the fields of engineering, construction, and infrastructure. Close collaboration in line with our vision of “One Group, One Team” expands our reach, technical expertise, and capabilities worldwide.
ACS Group
The ACS Group is the majority owner of HOCHTIEF. ACS delivers essential infrastructure that supports prosperity, driven by innovative thinking and the expertise of its people. ACS develops, invests in, designs, constructs, and operates essential infrastructure across advanced technology, energy transition, sustainable mobility, critical minerals, natural resources, social infrastructure, and large-scale civil engineering. As part of ACS, HOCHTIEF is connected to a global platform that delivers resilient, secure, and future-ready solutions for clients, economies, and communities.
www.grupoacs.com
HOCHTIEF Infrastructure
HOCHTIEF Infrastructure delivers transportation, energy and building construction projects in Europe. The range of services in the key European markets includes traditional shell construction through to turnkey building construction as well as complex civil engineering and infrastructure construction. The company has a dense network of branches and subsidiaries in Germany and in the key European markets. It makes a significant contribution to the planned and sustainable growth of infrastructure in these regions.
www.hochtief-infrastructure.de
HOCHTIEF Engineering
HOCHTIEF Engineering is one of Germany’s largest construction industry engineering firms, employing more than 350 people. The company provides project-based services in the areas of building construction as well as energy and transportation infrastructure. These include, among others, design and design management, construction process management, consulting services, and Building Information Modeling (BIM).
www.hochtief-engineering.de
HOCHTIEF PPP Solutions
HOCHTIEF PPP Solutions develops and realizes concessions and operator projects in the business areas of roads and social infrastructure, energy and digital. The HOCHTIEF subsidiary is based in Essen, Germany, and has branches and offices in Greece, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. HOCHTIEF PPP Solutions offers its public-sector partners innovative, integrated and sustainable solutions that span the entire life cycle of infrastructure projects.
www.hochtief-pppsolutions.de
Turner Construction Company
Turner is a North American-based, international construction services company and a leading builder in diverse market segments. The company has earned recognition for undertaking large and complex projects, fostering innovation, embracing emerging technologies, and making a difference for its clients, employees, and community. With over 16,000 employees, the company completes more than $28 billion worth of construction on thousands of projects annually. Turner offers clients the accessibility and support of a local firm with the stability and resources of a multi-national organisation.
www.turnerconstruction.com
CIMIC
CIMIC Group is an engineering-led services, construction and natural resources leader with a history dating back to 1899. Powered by 39,000 people, and pioneering technology and engineering, the company delivers high-value and sustainable solutions across the lifecycle of assets, infrastructure and resources projects in around 20 countries. CIMIC Group comprises the engineering and construction businesses CPB Contractors and Leighton Asia, the integrated solutions providers UGL and Sedgman, the natural resources company Thiess (60% ownership), and the development and investment arm Pacific Partnerships – all supported by an in-house engineering consultancy EIC Activities. The mission is to generate sustainable returns by delivering innovative and competitive solutions for clients and safe, fulfilling careers for the employees. CIMIC strives to be known for its principles of Integrity, Accountability, Innovation and Delivery, underpinned by Safety.
www.cimic.com.au
FlatironDragados
FlatironDragados is a trusted partner delivering resilient, innovative infrastructure throughout North America. In collaboration with public and private sector clients, the company delivers essential infrastructure — including roads and bridges, aviation facilities, resiliency protection, dams and reservoirs, rail and transit systems, water and wastewater treatment plants, tunneling, underground projects, and marine works.
www.fdcorp.com
Dragados
Dragados is a global leader in complex civil infrastructure, industrial construction, and high-technology projects across North America, Europe, and South America. Recognised for innovation, sustainability, and technical excellence, Dragados delivers multidisciplinary solutions on some of the world’s most challenging projects.
www.dragados.com
IRIDIUM and ACS Infra
IRIDIUM/ACS Infra are global leaders in the development, financing, operation, asset management, and long-term maintenance of infrastructure projects. They deliver end-to-end solutions across the full project life-cycle, combining technical expertise, financial strength, and operational excellence to bring complex infrastructure to market. The company strengthens the Group’s capabilities in public-private partnerships and concession-based infrastructure worldwide. With a diversified portfolio spanning next-generation transportation and social infrastructure, IRIDIUM/ACS Infra focus on creating long-term value through innovation, disciplined investment, and reliable performance.
www.iridiumconcesiones.com
acsinfra.com
Warning of invoice and procurement fraud!
Invoice and procurement fraud attempts are currently taking place. In these cases, fraudsters pose as HOCHTIEF employees and attempt to place orders with suppliers in their name or obtain quotation data...
OK
Further information