Awards, Ratings and Rankings
Home
Sustainability
Awards, Ratings and Rankings
Recognition of our performance
Awards, Ratings and Rankings
Our clear commitment to sustainable construction is confirmed by numerous ratings and rankings.
S&P Global Dow Jones Sustainability World Index
HOCHTIEF has been included in the internationally renowned Dow Jones Sustainability World Index by S&P Global for the 19th time in a row in 2024 for its performance in the areas of business/governance, environment and social affairs. The Dow Jones Sustainability World Index is one of the best-known sustainability indices and comprises the world's leading companies in the field of sustainability, which are determined by S&P Global as part of the Corporate Sustainability Assessment. It represents the top ten percent of the largest 2,500 companies in the S&P Global BMI on the basis of long-term economic, environmental and social criteria. HOCHTIEF is also included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Europe Index.
Open DJSI website
MSCI ESG Rating “AAA”
In 2025, HOCHTIEF has received the "AAA" rating from MSCI ESG Ratings for its ESG performance for the third time in a row. This is the highest rating a rating agency can give a company. Previously, HOCHTIEF had already achieved the second-highest rating of "AA" for seven consecutive years.
Open MSCI website
Disclaimer statement
The use by HOCHTIEF of any MSCI ESG research llc or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of HOCHTIEF by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.
S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2026
HOCHTIEF was named "Yearbook Member" in S&P Global's Sustainability Yearbook 2026.
Open S&P Global website
Morningstar | Sustainalytics
Sustainalytics' ESG risk rating is made up of the company-specific ESG risk exposure and the company's own ESG risk management. HOCHTIEF is rated "Strong" by Sustainalytics for its ESG risk management, making it one of the leading companies in the Construction & Engineering sector in the area of ESG.
Open Sustainalytics website
EcoVadis
The EcoVadis rating reflects the quality of the company's sustainability management system. Here, HOCHTIEF was awarded the Gold Medal in 2025, placing it among the top five percent of the more than 100,000 companies assessed worldwide.
Open EcoVadis website
CDP
In 2025, HOCHTIEF received the highest score of "A" (leadership status) in the CDP Climate Change Rating, making it part of the renowned CDP Climate A List. The CDP Climate A List includes companies that are recognized as global leaders in terms of their climate-related governance, targets, actions and reporting. With more than 22,100 participating companies worldwide, HOCHTIEF is among the top four percent with this result. HOCHTIEF also achieved an "A-" rating in the CDP Water Security Rating and thus also leadership status in this category. In the CDP Forest Rating, HOCHTIEF was rated with a "B" score and that corresponds to the management status according to the CDP criteria.
Open CDP website
FTSE Russel - FTSE4Good Index Series
HOCHTIEF again qualified for the FTSE4Good Index Series from FTSE Russel in 2025. The FTSE4Good Index Series identifies companies that demonstrate good environmental, social and governance practices as measured against globally recognized standards.
Open FTSE website
ISS ESG
HOCHTIEF was awarded “Prime” status by the rating agency ISS in 2025. The ISS rating has an absolute best-in-class approach that recognizes companies fulfilling ambitious ESG requirements. In addition, the decile rank mirrors the company’s performance compared to competitors within the industry. HOCHTIEF has achieved a decile rank of 1, the highest relative performance level within the construction industry.
Zur ISS-Website
Not just because of these awards: Why HOCHTIEF is a worthwhile investment
ENR
In 2025, HOCHTIEF came in first in the annual ENR "Top 250 International Contractors" ranking. HOCHTIEF is ranked ninth among the "Top 250 Global Contractors." In addition, the company was listed in eight more categories:
General Building Construction (No. 1)
Telecommunications (No. 2)
Transportation (No. 2)
Sewer/Waste (No. 4)
Manufacturing (No. 5)
Power (No. 6)
Industrial (No. 7)
Water supply (No. 10)
Open ENR Top lists
This might also interest you
HOCHTIEF in conversation: Interviews on the subject of sustainability
Our sustainability focus in building the world of tomorrow—the sustainability program of HOCHTIEF
Creating long-term values for all stakeholders—the HOCHTIEF strategy
Warning of invoice and procurement fraud!
Invoice and procurement fraud attempts are currently taking place. In these cases, fraudsters pose as HOCHTIEF employees and attempt to place orders with suppliers in their name or obtain quotation data...
OK
Further information