HOCHTIEF as employer
Home
Careers
HOCHTIEF as employer
The best conditions for your career
HOCHTIEF as employer
Are you looking for an employer who recognizes your potentials and encourages them? Who accompanies you on new paths and opens up perspectives for you? At HOCHTIEF an open-minded and varied corporate culture, individual development opportunities and attractive basic conditions await you. This enables you to optimally combine work and living.
On this page
Corporate culture
Working at HOCHTIEF–one thing is certain: diversity
This is not only manifested in the corporate structure and the different business sectors but also particularly in our employees. Integrity, accountability, innovation, delivery and sustainability are the
principles
, that shape our thoughts and actions—also in daily cooperation with each other. Our success is based on these five pillars—all firmly anchored in the principle of safety.
Become part of a value-oriented corporate culture
People from the most varied ethnic background, religion, worldview, sexual orientation and different ages and genders work together in our company. This diversity nurtures a tolerant corporate culture and is an important factor driving our long-term business success. Every individual’s work contributes towards this. Different working approaches, intercultural experiences and diverse personalities broaden our horizon and stimulate new impulses. We are eagerly awaiting your input.
So that you can develop freely
To set an example for equal opportunities, we signed the Diversity Charter—an initiative of the German Federal Government—and we act in this spirit. The Diversity Charter promotes the appreciation and incorporation of diversity in the working world. We offer you an appreciative and respectful working atmosphere for your personal and professional development.
Teamwork at HOCHTIEF
Would you like to become part of this working world? Then take a look at our job opportunities and simply apply online. We are always looking for people with different specialist expertise and levels of experience.
To job search
Development opportunities
Together we push forward with innovations
Your specialist and personal expertise provides the basis for HOCHTIEF’s success. We therefore constantly and consistently promote your continuing education, to enhance your know-how and keep it up to date. This is essential in enabling us to push forward innovations, set new standards and not only fulfill our client’s expectations but even exceed them.
We train and further educate you
Continuing education and trainings and much more are not only available in specialist sectors but also in communications, foreign languages, audiovisual presentation systems, negotiating, labor law, work safety and much more. Our continuing education measures are integrated into the HOCHTIEF Academy.
Feedback culture on equal terms
To enable superiors and employees to meet on equal terms and mutually evolve, feedback meetings are regularly held, where both sides are able to express both praise and criticism. Together we reflect on our cooperation and discuss future development opportunities and tasks. In this way we support you in implementing and achieving your career ambitions and objectives.
Horizontal or vertical careers—you decide
We not only offer management careers but also careers for experts. This provides opportunities for skilled staff with expertise to further develop horizontally. With this variant you hence deepen your specialist know-how, without bearing responsibility for employees. A switch between the two careers is possible at all times. We help you to pursue your individual career trajectory.
The approach is to be an innovator and idea generator, who provides more success on our construction sites with novel concepts.
René Schumann, Managing Director HOCHTIEF ViCon
Read Inside HOCHTIEF
Work & salary
We want to harmonize profession and leisure
We appreciate you and your work and would like to cooperate with you in the long term. You therefore not only receive a fair salary but also attractive social benefits. We always design contracts according to the respective applicable labor agreement, whereby the individual classification is based on your professional group and your respective field of activity. We particularly reward outstanding performances which contribute to the company’s success.
Work-life balance
We ensure an appropriate work-life balance, to enable you to recharge your batteries. You therefore generally receive more holidays than stipulated by law and a comprehensive health and sports package. This enables you to clear your head during your leisure time and holidays and balance your professional and private life.
Work safety, health & sport
Together with you, we make sure this works out
Work safety for you
We regularly hold the Occupational Safety Day—both on the construction site and in the office—which heightens awareness for the topic throughout the whole company. We also train our safety experts on topics relevant to work safety in special seminars. This enables them to always remain up-to-date in their specialist area. You see: We place great value on work safety.
Supplement your preventive medicine
Together with the Department of Occupational Medicine (AMD) of the construction industry's institution for statutory accident insurance and prevention and other selected providers, we enable you to supplement your own preventive healthcare services with medical check-ups. This enables you to recognize health problems at an early stage and have them treated.
With us you keep moving
We take health very seriously, not only directly at the workplace but also regarding accompanying factors in a broader environment: We therefore offer a wide range of seminars and sporting activities, which for example raise health awareness at the workplace, maintain the performance of body and mind or improve fitness. Would you like to participate in Corporate Runs? No problem—we support that in many places.
This might also interest you
Step for step towards a dream job—our application process
Our application tips from written application to job interview
Career at HOCHTIEF: Frequently asked questions
Warning of invoice and procurement fraud!
Invoice and procurement fraud attempts are currently taking place. In these cases, fraudsters pose as HOCHTIEF employees and attempt to place orders with suppliers in their name or obtain quotation data...
OK
Further information