For business partners
Home
Activities
For business partners
Hand in hand successfully
For business partners
Warning of invoice and procurement fraud
Invoice and procurement fraud attempts are currently taking place. In these cases, fraudsters pose as HOCHTIEF employees and attempt to place orders with suppliers in their name or obtain quotation data. For this purpose, e-mail addresses similar to HOCHTIEF e-mail addresses are used. If you receive a corresponding order, delete it.
Our procurement process is designed to prevent these activities. Therefore, no goods or services should be provided without a valid purchase order (PO). This protects against fraudulent activities. Orders are only sent from the following domains:
@hochtief.de
@hochtief.ch
@hochtief.com
@hochtief.eu
All domains use the security features such as SPF or DKIM. Use these as one technical measure alongside other plausibility checks to verify the authenticity of incoming mails.
We recommend that you forward suspicious emails to the Federal Office for Information Security (
phishing@bsi.bund.de
).
Approximately 75% of the Group’s performance is used for material and subcontractor services. Throughout the Group, we have a standard target in Procurement: With regard to our economic, ecological and social standards, we aspire to always choose the “right” suppliers and subcontractors. Since each of our projects is unique and involves new challenges, we also pursue innovation and sustainability in Procurement. Efficiency and quality of procurement processes are very important for us and represent an important factor in our company’s success.
On this page
Basic principles
This is how we design our supply chain
In procuring materials and services, sustainability and transparency are extremely important for the HOCHTIEF Group and are firmly anchored in our processes. We are aware that we place stringent requirements on the procurement processes and hence on the choice of our business partners. Furthermore, in its supply chain HOCHTIEF also places great value on such aspects as price, functionality, quality and availability of products and companies.
Economic, ecological and social principles form the basis of the HOCHTIEF Group’s business. These principles are defined in our Procurement Directive. With these binding regulations, tried-and-tested and risk-minimizing processes, we describe the most important values, responsibilities and principles of conduct for all HOCHTIEF employees who are integrated into the procurement process.
Sustainable supply chain
All employees of Procurement are responsible for contributing towards a sustainable supply chain, which complies with HOCHTIEF’s economic, ecological and social standards. This also includes operating in a safe and healthy environment with minimum environmental pollution and simultaneous high quality of our products.
Human rights
Compliance with human rights in our supply chain is one of HOCHTIEF’s top priorities. This applies to all persons who are part of our supply chain or are affected by it.
Local companies
Our goal is to guarantee an environmentally friendly supply chain by primarily cooperating with local and sustainable companies. Through this approach, we want to keep transport routes short and promote the local economy.
Social integration
In cooperation with subcontractors and suppliers, we promote social integration and thereby invite all parts of the community to cooperate with us.
ESG Supplier Program and Risk Management Process
Risk Management Process
The process shown corresponds to the risk management process of HOCHTIEF in Europe. Comparable processes have been established in North America and the Asia Pacific region.
Joint standards provide quality as well as responsible operations in Procurement and ensure comprehensive prevention. Therefore, we have defined a fundamental and multistage risk management process, which serves as the basis for evaluating our supply chain. In this way, we want to ensure that ESG risks and/or violations are identified at an early stage in order to consequently minimize risks and remedy violations through targeted preventive and remediation measures (so-called corrective action plans).
This process includes an extensive prequalification of our contractual partners: We assess suppliers and subcontractors on the basis of multifaceted information obtained from
supplier self-assessment
.
In the first step, we ask for information on the company structure, general company data and ESG aspects. In our international project business, we come into contact - directly or indirectly - with many people due to our extensive supply chain. As we owe responsibility to every one of them, safety and health as well as respect for human rights are top priorities at every link in our supply chain. That is why suppliers and subcontractors, including potential partners, from countries with an increased risk with regard to corruption and human rights violations are examined with special focus in the course of an
extended supplier self-disclosure
.
In the second step, we check our suppliers and subcontractors against
sanctions lists
to rule out the possibility that economic and/or legal restrictions have been imposed on individuals or the company.
Subsequently, suppliers and subcontractors are checked with regard to their
creditworthiness
and
financial strength
. We work together with the provider Creditreform to obtain up-to-date creditworthiness information.
In fourth place, we check all
relevant documents and clearance certificates
with regard to their validity and up-to-dateness.
Additionally, for many years now, we have supplemented our prequalification process with  an
external ESG assessment
by collaborating with an independent third party to obtain transparency and information on the ESG performance of (potential) business partners. We carry out an abstract risk analysis that includes country-specific risks, sector-specific risks and commodity-specific risks. On this basis, we carry out a deeper concrete risk analysis. The concrete risk analysis consists of information provided by suppliers and subcontractors on matters such as environment protection, employment rights, human rights, anti-corruption and anti-bribery and supply chain responsibility as well as a comprehensive media screening. Our business partners have access to their ESG risk analysis results.
Wherever risks are identified, we work with the business partner concerned to develop specific preventive or remediation measures to manage identified risks or violations
(Corrective Action Plans)
. Additionally, we conduct deep-dive capacity building trainings to help suppliers further develop skills in ESG matters.
As a sixth step in our prequalification process, we also request data regarding
occupational safety, health and environmental protection (OSHEP)
. We have established the lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) throughout the Group as a non-financial key performance indicator.
It is of central importance to us that our partners fulfill all contractual agreements and obligations while working with us and additionally that they act in conformity with our ESG requirements. Our project teams
continuously monitor
the subcontractors and suppliers operating at HOCHTIEF construction sites (on-site assessments), verifying that the contractually agreed performance has been delivered and that supplies of material are up to quality. Compliance with all stipulations and instructions on occupational safety and proper waste disposal or recycling form an essential part of this monitoring process. The weekly meetings between the project team and our contractual partners are set out in our guidelines and our risk management process.
Following completion of performance or delivery, our project teams conduct a
post-project assessment
. Such assessments are also carried out for longstanding suppliers and subcontractors and are performed within projects both with the aid of established IT systems (desk assessments) and manually. The assessments include economic as well as ecologic and social aspects. Contractual partners with a positive rating are included in future tender processes. Should contractual partners fall short of our requirements and therefore receive a negative assessment from our project teams, we either provide them with targeted support within our supplier development process or flag them accordingly in our system so that they are no longer considered for future contracts (supplier phase-out and therefore excluded from contracting). In principle, ESG criteria are included in the award decision. ESG criteria are an integral component of the award criteria that must be included in every award decision so that it is guaranteed that ESG criteria are embedded into supplier selection and contract awarding. ESG criteria include human rights related risks, HSE aspects, regionality and creditworthiness.
Our prequalification process also includes a
training document
on human rights and on our Code of Conduct for business partners
HOCHTIEF Code of Conduct for Business Partners and Human Rights - Our requirements to you
PDF (3.1 MB)
Our buyers also receive regular training on topics related to ESG in the supply chain.
In addition, purchasing practices towards business partners are continuously reviewed. Corresponding checks have been developed in an internal control matrix for this purpose.
The Supplier Code of Conduct represents an integral part of every supplier contract. Our prequalification process includes a training document on human rights and on our Code of Conduct for business partners.
The Board of directors is involved in all relevant processes and decisions regarding ESG aspects.
Furthermore, we identify significant suppliers and subcontractors in our supply chain. We define these on the basis of monopolies, particularly high contract volumes, deliveries of fundamentally important components as well as availability of resources. In 2025, HOCHTIEF worked with approx. 44,500 suppliers worldwide. We rated approx. 2,700—and hence about six percent of suppliers and subcontractors—as potentially significant. These represent around 67 percent of total procurement volume.
Around 83% of our significant suppliers have been assessed with regard to human rights in the last three years. A human rights risk was identified in 2% of the significant suppliers assessed. 100% of significant suppliers with identified risk have received preventative or remedial measures.
The HOCHTIEF Code of Conduct for Business Partners
Our basis for cooperation
HOCHTIEF not only places high requirements on itself but also on its subcontractors and suppliers. HOCHTIEF only cooperates with partners who comply with these requirements and who, for their own part, enforce and encourage compliance amongst their own subcontractors and suppliers. We have formulated our ecological and social requirements in our HOCHTIEF Code of Conduct for Business Partners.
HOCHTIEF Code of Conduct for Business Partners
PDF (11.3 MB)
The HOCHTIEF Code of Conduct for Business Partners is available in a total of 12 language versions, which you can find here for downloading.
Supplier portal
This is how we get to know each other
Suppliers and subcontractors can register in the HOCHTIEF supplier portal and have the opportunity to present their company and hence their services and products. By registering, suppliers and subcontractors become part of the HOCHTIEF network. They receive information about bid invitations and can make applications for these if they are interested.
To HOCHTIEFs subcontractor and supplier portal
HOCHTIEF supPORT procurement platform
Current projects and bid invitations for HOCHTIEF suppliers and subcontractors
You will find our non-European supplier portals of Turner and CIMIC here
Website for Turner subcontractors
Website for CIMIC suppliers
Documents (multilingual)
Terms of Purchase
Allgemeine Einkaufsbedingungen Nr. 9
pdf (117.6 KB))
Zusätzliche Vertragsbedingung zur VOB Nr. 6
pdf (150.9 KB))
HOCHTIEF supPORT Nutzungsbedingungen
pdf (306.4 KB))
HOCHTIEF supPORT Terms of use
pdf (305.0 KB))
HOCHTIEF supPORT Data protection information
pdf (349.6 KB))
Minimal Payment Declarations
Erklärung über den Erhalt von Mindestentgelt nach AEntG (Deutsch Februar 2015)
pdf (144.1 KB))
Albanisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (102.1 KB))
Arabisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (93.1 KB))
Bulgarisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (93.8 KB))
Englisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (100.3 KB))
Französisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (93.0 KB))
Griechisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (99.7 KB))
Italienisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (98.9 KB))
Kroatisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (99.8 KB))
Lettisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (94.3 KB))
Mazedonisch-Deutsch (März 2016)
pdf (2.3 MB))
Niederländisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (89.3 KB))
Persisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (81.7 KB))
Polnisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (90.6 KB))
Portugiesisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (94.4 KB))
Rumänisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (94.8 KB))
Russisch_Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (91.3 KB))
Serbisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (98.3 KB))
Slowenisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (385.3 KB))
Spanisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (99.9 KB))
Tschechisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (90.9 KB))
Türkisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (85.3 KB))
Ungarisch-Deutsch (Februar 2015)
pdf (99.1 KB))
Volker Höckel
HOCHTIEF
Head of Procurement
Alfredstraße 236
D-45133 Essen
Tel.: +49 201 824-3031
support@hochtief.eu
Warning of invoice and procurement fraud!
Invoice and procurement fraud attempts are currently taking place. In these cases, fraudsters pose as HOCHTIEF employees and attempt to place orders with suppliers in their name or obtain quotation data...
OK
Further information