Strategy
Home
About HOCHTIEF
Strategy
Creating sustainable values for all stakeholders
Strategy
For 150 years, HOCHTIEF has been delivering large-scale projects for its clients based on its core competence of construction. Its capabilities today also include engineering, supply chain and logistics services, as well as services in the natural resources sector and for infrastructure maintenance. In addition, the Group has extensive experience in (greenfield) public-private-partnership projects and brownfield concessions.
On this page
We provide our services in selected regions, mainly in developed markets. As a leading global infrastructure group, HOCHTIEF today spans the entire life cycle of infrastructure projects. As a result, the Group has a balanced business profile in terms of cash flow visibility, capital intensity, and margins.
Vision
HOCHTIEF is building the world of tomorrow
We are shaping the future sustainably. That is why our motto is: “HOCHTIEF is building the world of tomorrow.” Our business activities are based on a common corporate culture with shared values. Our integrated approach to projects fosters a culture of collaboration among our Group companies to the benefit of our stakeholders. Our thoughts and actions are value-oriented: We stand for integrity, accountability, innovation, delivery, and sustainability.
We use existing resources efficiently. Our employees’ knowledge, dedication, and commitment to excellence are the cornerstones of our success. We provide them with safe, challenging and fulfilling jobs.
Together, we generate sustainable earnings and create value for all stakeholders.
Business strategy
Growth in all areas of expertise
Our strategy is to further strengthen HOCHTIEF’s position in its core markets and to pursue growth opportunities in the areas of energy transition, new mobility concepts, high-tech infrastructure, industrial relocation and biopharma. At the same time, we aim to improve cash-backed profitability, and apply a rigorous risk management approach.
Our local teams have extensive experience in implementing complex projects that are successful for all parties involved. Our most important subsidiaries, whose growth we want to drive forward in a disciplined manner, are positioned as follows:
Turner, our construction management company, is the No. 1 green building contractor in the U.S. Turner is one of the leading providers in the USA for the construction of data centers, healthcare and educational facilities, airports, sports facilities and office properties. Turner also plays a central role in the construction of factories for electric vehicle batteries, battery recycling and other elements of electromobility.
HOCHTIEF has a 38.2% stake in FlatironDragados, the second largest civil engineering company in North America.
CPB Contractors is one of the largest providers of civil engineering and building construction services in Australia.
Leighton Asia offers comprehensive construction services primarily in Hong Kong and other selected countries in Southeast Asia.
HOCHTIEF Infrastructure is an engineering-led company that delivers sustainable solutions in energy transition, digital, social, and transport infrastructure in Germany and several neighboring countries. Its expertise encompasses the lifecycle of asset and infrastructure projects.
Infrastructure of the future - Growth markets
We're going for electromobility
Battery factories
We make the hearts of digitization beat faster
Data centers
We store the electricity that the sun sends us
Green energy
Goals
We organize our actions strategically
HOCHTIEF’s objectives are
sustainable cash-backed profits,
attractive shareholder remuneration and
value creation for all stakeholders.
Our strategy to achieve these goals is centered on these pillars:
consolidating our core market positions and significantly reducing the Group's risk profile.
further developing HOCHTIEF’s presence in the rapidly expanding high-tech markets by leveraging our strong existing infrastructure expertise and local presence in key developed markets. To support this, we are working to exploit untapped synergies within the Group.
investing equity in next-generation infrastructure growth markets.
At the same time, we are progressing well with the implementation of our Sustainability Plan 2025.
With its projects, HOCHTIEF delivers positive, lasting outcomes for societies as a whole. To contribute to a sustainable future and support the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement, all Group companies are prioritizing the Sustainability Plan 2025 with a clear commitment to achieving climate neutrality by 2045.
Numerous awards and rankings testify to the success of this strategy. For example, HOCHTIEF was recognized in 2023 for its sustainable corporate governance for the 18th consecutive year and included in the internationally renowned Dow Jones Sustainability World Index.
Values
How we behave internally and externally value-oriented
In our work, we place value on flexibility, innovative strength and excellent quality, in order to stand by our clients as a long-term, reliable partner. We conceive made-to-measure solutions for designing and implementing each of our unique projects.
Our five guiding principles
Our business activities are based on a common corporate culture with shared values. The HOCHTIEF vision embodies what we aspire and the responsibility we live up to as a Group: “HOCHTIEF is building the world of tomorrow.” We perceive HOCHTIEF’s projects as active contributions to the benefit of society. The Group’s values are represented by five guiding principles that apply to all employees:
Integrity
Honesty
Respect
Teamwork
Accountability
Commitment
Partnership
Quality
Innovation
Technical excellence
New and better ways
Self-reflection
Delivery
Efficiency
Value
Achievement
Sustainability
Safe, fulfilling jobs
Valuable living spaces
Benefit to society
Our success is based on these five pillars—all underpinned by the precondition of safety.
Holistic solutions
Despite the uniqueness of projects realized by HOCHTIEF, they do have one thing in common: our conviction that trustful, close cooperation with the client right from the outset is the best approach. The high overall quality of our services is above all based on the fact that HOCHTIEF stands for holistic solutions. We always have an overview of the big picture.
Cooperation based on partnership
HOCHTIEF is committed to long-term cooperation with all important stakeholders. It is based on four important pillars:
1. Fairness
HOCHTIEF maintains a trustful relationship based on partnership with its suppliers and subcontractors. We involve qualified partners in projects at an early stage, harmonize services and establish standards for subcontractor and supplier management.
2. Competition
HOCHTIEF is committed to fair and open competition on the world’s markets. We look for capable and reliable partners, who participate in this fair competition.
3. Trust
Trust is an important prerequisite for constructive cooperation. As a matter of principle, information about suppliers and subcontractors is protected. We also expect this from our suppliers and subcontractors.
4. Occupational Safety and Health
At HOCHTIEF, the health of our employees as well as the employees of our suppliers and subcontractors has top priority. We therefore closely cooperate with our contractual partners.
We have formulated the ecological and social requirements placed on our partners in our
HOCHTIEF Code of Conduct for Business Partners
.
"Lister Dreieck"
Hanover, Germany
Look at project
Queensferry Crossing
Edinburgh, Scotland
Look at project
Stanton Territorial Hospital
Yellowknife, Canada
Look at project
Megatrends
Solutions for upcoming challenges
As a globally operating, diversified company, HOCHTIEF deals with current megatrends. This results in increasingly complex challenges, but also attractive opportunities. Here our main focus is on the opportunities for organic growth, which in particular arise from megatrends, such as globalization, urbanization and digitalization as well as demographic change and climate change.
Digitalization
With the availability of information and data, digitalization is generating a variety of perspectives for boosting efficiency. At the same time, innovative new work models are being created (New Work).
Climate change & renewable energies
Climate change brings new challenges worldwide. It results in a need for sustainable buildings and infrastructure as well as alternatives that use renewable energies with high cost and resource efficiency.
Urbanization
Urbanization is driving increasing population density in cities and triggers congestion problems. Tomorrow’s major cities will feature energy-efficient buildings and modes of transportation.
Mobility
The need for mobility continues to grow, and at the same time technical innovations and changing needs are giving rise to an increasing variety of mobility options.
Demographic change
Demographic change is resulting in aging populations, with the number of older people rising as well. They will require new and different types of accommodations, among other things.
Globalization
Globalization is causing worldwide trade to intensify and markets to become more dynamic.
Shaping the future
A key element of our corporate strategy is to further expand HOCHTIEF’s presence in rapidly expanding high-tech infrastructure markets where growth is driven by global megatrends. These include renewable energies, data centers and infrastructure in connection with the expansion of 5G and the use of artificial intelligence as well as other areas such as social infrastructure and mobility.
This might also interest you
We are building the world of tomorrow—HOCHTIEF worldwide
HOCHTIEF’s Executive Board
Our page for business partners
Warning of invoice and procurement fraud!
Invoice and procurement fraud attempts are currently taking place. In these cases, fraudsters pose as HOCHTIEF employees and attempt to place orders with suppliers in their name or obtain quotation data...
OK
Further information