=== V_2025-11-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A , Item 7 and elsewhere in this report. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. Business OVERVIEW Visa is one of the world s leaders in digital payments. Our purpose is to uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid. Since Visa s early days in 1958, we have been in the business of facilitating secure, reliable and efficient global commerce and money movement. We provide transaction processing services (primarily authorization, clearing and settlement) among consumers, issuing and acquiring financial institutions and sellers in a structure we call the four-party model. Please see Our Core Business discussion below. As the payments ecosystem continues to evolve, we have broadened this model to include digital banks, digital wallets, a range of financial technology companies (fintechs), governments and non-governmental organizations (NGOs). We are focused on extending, enhancing and investing in our proprietary advanced transaction processing network, VisaNet, to offer a single connection point for facilitating money movement to multiple endpoints through various form factors and innovative technologies across more than 200 countries and territories. Visa is committed to advancing innovation within the payment technology sector. Building upon our track record of industry leadership, including early adoption and integration of artificial intelligence (AI) models in payment systems, Visa continues to invest in the development and deployment of next-generation technologies, such as generative AI (GenAI), stablecoins and agentic commerce. During fiscal 2025, 329 billion payments and cash transactions with Visa s brand were processed by Visa or other networks, equating to an average of 901 million transactions per day. Of the 329 billion total transactions, 258 billion were processed by Visa. We offer a wide range of Visa-branded payment products that our clients, including nearly 14,500 financial institutions, use to develop and offer payment solutions or services, including credit, debit, prepaid and cash access programs for individual, business and government account holders. During fiscal 2025, Visa s total payments and cash volume was $17 trillion, and we had nearly 5 billion payment credentials, which are issued Visa card accounts, that were available to be used at more than 175 million merchant locations worldwide. (1) We take an open partnership approach and seek to provide value by enabling access to our global network through multiple integration methods, including programmatic access via application programming interfaces (APIs) and structured data exchange through our Model Context Protocol (MCP) server. We partner with traditional financial institutions and emerging fintech and AI companies to innovate and expand the payments ecosystem, enabling them to leverage our platform infrastructure to accelerate their business growth and market expansion. We are using our componentized capabilities and global connectivity to power all types of payments and deliver services to all types of clients worldwide through our Visa as a Service stack, which has four layers: the foundation layer, the services layer, the solutions layer and the access layer. Our foundation layer comprises the network infrastructure that enables connections to approximately 12 billion cards, bank accounts and digital wallets with more than 175 million merchant locations across more than 200 countries and territories. Our services layer organizes core capabilities, including authentication, risk management and fraud detection, into discrete, reusable components that can be utilized individually or combined into solutions. These modular services are the building blocks of our comprehensive portfolio in our solutions layer, which are enhanced to create new features and capabilities for our clients. Finally, the access layer provides clients the entry point to these solutions via on-demand APIs, our MCP server that enables AI systems to interface with our Visa Intelligent Commerce APIs, and fully managed solutions. The Visa as a Service stack enables organizations of any size to access and scale Visa s network capabilities globally. We are accelerating the migration to digital payments through our network of networks strategy. We aim to provide a single connection point so that Visa clients can enable money movement for businesses, governments and consumers, regardless of which network is used to start or complete the transaction. This model ultimately helps to unify a complex payments ecosystem. Visa s network of networks approach creates opportunities by facilitating person-to-person (P2P), business-to-consumer (B2C), business-to-business (B2B) and government-to-consumer (G2C) payments, in addition to consumer-to-business (C2B) payments. (1) Data provided to Visa by acquiring institutions and other third parties as of June 30, 2025. 4 Table of Contents We provide value-added services to our clients, including Issuing Solutions, Acceptance Solutions, Risk and Security Solutions and Advisory and Other Services. We invest in and promote our brand to benefit our clients and partners through advertising, promotional and sponsorship initiatives with the International Olympic Committee, the International Paralympic Committee, the National Football League, the FIFA World Cup 2026 TM and the Red Bull Formula One Teams (the Oracle Red Bull Racing Team and the Visa Cash App RB Formula One Team), among others. We also use these sponsorship assets to showcase our payment innovations. FISCAL 2025 KEY STATISTICS (1) Please see Item 7 of this report for a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. OUR CORE BUSINESS In a typical Visa C2B payment transaction, the consumer purchases goods or services from a seller using a Visa card or payment product. The seller presents the transaction data to an acquirer, usually a bank or third-party processing firm that supports acceptance of Visa cards or payment products, for verification and processing. Through VisaNet, the acquirer presents the transaction data to Visa, which in turn sends the transaction data to the issuer to check the account holder s account balance or credit line for authorization. After the transaction is authorized, the issuer posts the transaction to the consumer s account and effectively pays the acquirer an amount equal to the value of the transaction, minus the interchange reimbursement fee (IRF). The acquirer pays the amount of the purchase, minus the merchant discount rate (MDR), to the seller. Visa earns revenue by facilitating money movement across more than 200 countries and territories, among a global set of consumers, sellers, financial institutions and government entities, through innovative technologies. 5 Table of Contents Our net revenue in fiscal 2025 consisted of the following: SERVICE REVENUE Earned for services provided in support of client usage of Visa s payment services and value-added services related to certain Issuing Solutions OTHER REVENUE Consists mainly of value-added services primarily related to Advisory and Other Services and certain Issuing Solutions; license fees for use of the Visa brand or technology; and fees for account holder services, certification and licensing DATA PROCESSING REVENUE Earned for authorization, clearing and settlement; value-added services primarily related to Acceptance Solutions, Risk and Security Solutions and certain Issuing Solutions; network access; and other maintenance and support services that facilitate transaction and information processing among our clients globally CLIENT INCENTIVES Paid to financial institution clients, sellers and other business partners to grow payments volume; increase Visa product acceptance; encourage seller acceptance and use of Visa s payment services; and drive innovation INTERNATIONAL TRANSACTION REVENUE Earned for cross-border transaction processing and currency conversion activities Please see Item 7 and Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this report, which include disclosures on how we earn and recognize our revenue. Visa provides payment processing for both non-Visa-branded and Visa-branded card transactions. In the context of non-Visa-branded card transactions, we facilitate payment processing by providing gateway routing services to other payment networks. At the client s request, we may provide authorization, clearing or settlement services on our network before or after we route the transaction to the other payments network. In those instances, Visa may earn data processing revenue for the specific services provided. In the context of Visa-branded card transactions on our network, we provide authorization, clearing and settlement services and may earn service, data processing, international transaction or other revenue. Depending on applicable regulations, some payment processors may or may not use our network to process Visa-branded card transactions. If they use our network, we may earn service revenue and data processing revenue. If they do not use our network, we may earn only service revenue. Visa is not a financial institution. We do not issue cards, extend credit or set rates and fees for account holders of Visa products nor do we earn revenue from or bear credit risk with respect to any of these activities. Interchange reimbursement fees reflect the value sellers receive from accepting our products and play a key role in balancing the costs and benefits that account holders and sellers derive from participating in our payments network. Generally, IRFs are paid by acquirers to issuers. We establish default IRFs that apply absent other established settlement terms. These default IRFs are set independently from the revenue we receive from issuers and acquirers. Our acquiring clients are responsible for soliciting sellers and for setting the fees they charge to sellers for the MDR. Visa sets fees to acquirers independently from any fees that acquirers may charge sellers. Therefore, the fees we receive from issuers and acquirers are not derived from IRFs or MDRs. 6 Table of Contents Visa s strategy is to accelerate revenue growth through consumer payments (CP), commercial and money movement solutions (CMS) and value-added services (VAS), as well as fortify the key foundations of our business model. In CP, we are focused on strengthening our impact in card-based consumer payments and expanding our reach in non-card-based payments. In CMS, formerly known as new flows, we are driving and enabling further penetration of commercial payments and money movement. Finally, in VAS, we are delivering innovative services to deepen our partnerships with our clients. We seek to accelerate revenue growth through the following areas: Consumer Payments On an annual basis, we see more than $40 trillion (2) of addressable consumer spend, excluding Russia and China. Of this spend opportunity, we are pursuing an estimated more than $20 trillion annual opportunity in underserved consumer spend, spread across cash, check, legacy Automated Clearing House (ACH), account to account (A2A) payments and real time payments (RTP) or other less effective forms of digital payments. We aim to grow CP by strengthening Visa s impact in card-based consumer payments and expanding our reach in non-card-based payments. We are investing in Tap to Everything, token technology, cross-border capabilities, offerings to affluent consumers, consumer credit capabilities and other opportunities to drive our volume and expand the scope of our transactions and our payment credentials on top of which we can deliver a growing array of Visa services. Core Products Visa s growth has been driven by the strength of our core products credit, debit and prepaid. (2) Visa analysis based on third-party studies for the period covering calendar year 2024. 7 Table of Contents Credit: Credit cards and digital payment credentials allow consumers and businesses to access credit to pay for goods and services. Credit cards are affiliated with programs operated by financial institution clients, co-brand partners, fintechs and affinity partners. Debit: Debit cards and digital payment credentials allow consumers and small businesses to purchase goods and services using funds held in their deposit accounts. Debit cards enable account holders to transact in person, online or via mobile without cash or checks and without accessing a line of credit. The Visa/PLUS Global ATM network also provides debit, credit and prepaid account holders with cash access and other banking capabilities. Issuing and acquiring partnerships with both financial institutions and independent ATM operators enable these capabilities. Prepaid: Prepaid cards and digital payment credentials draw from a designated balance funded by individuals, businesses or governments. Prepaid cards address many use cases and needs, including general purpose reloadable, payroll, government and corporate disbursements, healthcare, gifting and travel. Visa-branded prepaid cards also play an important part in financial inclusion, bringing payment solutions to those with limited or no access to traditional banking products. Key Enablers By enabling CP, we help our clients grow as digital commerce, new technologies and new participants continue to transform the payments ecosystem. Tap to Everything Since we introduced Tap to Pay technology 20 years ago, it has emerged as a preferred way to pay in the face-to-face environment. Tap to Pay adoption is growing and Tap to Pay has become the default way Visa cardholders pay, comprising 79% and 66% of all face-to-face transactions, globally and in the United States in fiscal 2025, respectively. In addition, we have activated more than 1,000 contactless public transport projects worldwide. We processed more than 2.4 billion contactless transactions on global transit systems in fiscal 2025, surpassing the number of transactions in 2024. Building on the momentum of Tap to Pay, we continue to expand into new Tap to Everything use cases. Our Tap to Phone capabilities, enabling any mobile device with near field communication capability to be converted to a payment acceptance terminal, has expanded. During fiscal 2025, we passed 20 million Tap to Phone transacting devices. In 2024, we launched our Tap to Add Card capability, enabling a consumer to add a payment credential to a digital wallet by tapping their card to their mobile device. This functionality is expanding and has more than 600 issuers participating globally, resulting in the service being live for more than 1.4 billion Visa credit and debit cards around the world. Tap to P2P, another Tap to Everything use case, is a product that uses tokenization for security, incorporating Visa's Tap to Consumer Device and Software Development Kit (SDK) technology for contactless data transmission between devices and the convenience of Visa Direct's real time money movement for fund transfers. Finally, we are piloting our newest tap capability, Tap to Confirm, for issuers. In high-risk transaction types where an issuer might otherwise have declined the transaction, issuers can ask the consumer to tap to confirm the transaction, demonstrating that the consumer is in possession of the physical card. Token Technology We are adding identity-based authentication and other capabilities to our token technology to further drive preference for Visa payment types, including a solution for agentic commerce. Please see our Looking Ahead discussion below. Visa Token Service (VTS) brings trust to digital commerce innovation. As consumers increasingly rely on digital transactions, VTS is designed to enhance the digital ecosystem through improved authorization, reduced fraud and enhanced consumer experience. VTS helps protect digital transactions by replacing 16-digit Visa account numbers with a token that includes a surrogate account number, cryptographic information and other data to protect the underlying account information. This security technology can work for a variety of in-person or ecommerce payment transactions. As of September 30, 2025, Visa has provisioned more than 16 billion tokens. In addition, the Visa Cloud Token Framework is a cloud-based security technology program that expands token use cases to mobile wallets, ecommerce platforms and Internet of Things devices, all while adding fraud mitigation functionality. We continue to build new capabilities, such as Visa Payment Passkey, which links the token to the consumer s device passkey information, adding another layer of security to the payment experience. Building on these capabilities, we are progressing beyond earlier implementations like Click to Pay, which provides a simplified and more consistent ecommerce checkout experience by removing time-consuming key entry of personal 8 Table of Contents information and enabling consumer and transaction data to be passed securely between payments network participants. Cross-Border We are a preferred global payments network for cross-border travelers in key markets, differentiated by our risk management and fraud prevention capabilities, including tokenization, and our cross-border currency and settlement capabilities, which include foreign exchange solutions. As our cross-border volume continues to grow year-over-year, we are investing in cross-border commerce through several strategic initiatives. These include expanding the scope and utility of our cross-border network, particularly in key travel corridors, where cash usage remains high, and increasing acceptance locations. We are also enhancing our value proposition in travel and ecommerce to drive consumer preference for Visa payment credentials and improving cross-border transaction performance and authorization rates. In addition, we are focused on improving the performance of cross-border portfolios and tapping into high-potential verticals with a significant mix of cross-border payments. We are also building more feature functionality with products like multi-currency payment credentials that allow travelers to hold and transact in multiple currencies seamlessly. Offerings to Affluent Consumers Visa is a global leader in affluent and premium co-branded programs, including our Infinite brand, which is designed to bring together benefits, experiences and product features to deliver a premium value proposition to our affluent cardholders. Our strength in this focus area is driven by core capabilities that align with the needs of affluent consumers, such as our global acceptance footprint, differentiated credit products, advanced fraud protection and dispute resolution services, brand equity and premium benefits. We continue to invest in experiential benefits to better serve this consumer base, including music series, concierge services and access to premier hotels and restaurants, such as the Visa Dining Collection OpenTable Benefit. In addition, we leverage our portfolio of sponsorship assets to deliver unique experiences at events, including the Super Bowl, the Olympic and Paralympic Games, the FIFA World Cup 2026 TM and through our partnership with Visa s two Red Bull Formula One racing teams. These benefits enhance our premium value proposition and strengthen relationships with issuing partners. Affluent consumers represent a highly attractive market opportunity within our CP business. This focus area demonstrates significantly higher spend per cardholder in cross-border, credit and ecommerce volumes, generating more revenue for Visa compared to the average Visa cardholder. Powering Credit We have built a strong reputation and brand around our credit products by offering robust security, advanced fraud mitigation and effective dispute management. Over time, we have introduced several innovations that differentiate our credit offerings and drive consumer preference for Visa. For example, we were a pioneer in dual-message technology, which enables real-time transaction authorization, a capability that only a few payments providers globally can provide. Even with our strong foundation in credit, significant opportunity remains in international markets, where the penetration of card-linked credit products as a percentage of consumer spending is less than half that of the U.S. To address this, we continue to develop new products that provide greater control and insight to our issuing clients and their customers. For example, Visa Flex Credential allows consumers to use a single Visa payment credential to access and switch between multiple funding sources, like debit and credit. As of September 30, 2025, we have more than 20 signed clients in more than 20 countries across all regions. 9 Table of Contents Expanding Our Reach in Consumer Payments We aim to capture value and drive yield from CP currently routed through A2A networks via two primary strategies. First, we are focused on capturing A2A payments through card-enabled payment flows. One example of our most recent innovations in this space is Visa Pay, which we launched in 2025, expanding digital payment access by connecting participating digital wallets to Visa s network with digital credentials for payments globally. In certain regions, digital wallet providers, A2A schemes and banks can adopt Visa Pay by connecting to our APIs directly, enabling access to Visa s global acceptance as a white-label solution within the user s app. In addition, we are piloting these same functionalities through our full stack SDK. In the Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa markets, a stand-alone Visa Pay app enables banks to offer their customers the ability to set up a Visa account or payment credential and conduct payments at Visa acceptance locations. Second, we leverage A2A networks to deliver Visa-branded A2A products, most notably through Tink, our open banking solution in regions, such as Europe and Latin America. Tink enables open banking and data exchange for A2A transactions. Since acquiring Tink in 2022, we have scaled our open banking payments network, reaching thousands of bank connections as of September 30, 2025. Please see our Advisory and Other Services discussion below. Visa is collaborating with our financial institution and fintech partners to bring Visa A2A to United Kingdom customers. In addition, as we expand the Visa as a Service stack, we are providing value-added services to local payment methods operating on A2A or RTP networks. Please see our Risk and Security Solutions discussion below. Commercial Money Movement Solutions CMS is focused on driving digitization and improving the payments and money movement experience across all payment flows, beyond C2B, through our network of networks. These include P2P, B2C, B2B and G2C payments, which provide some of the largest payment opportunities in the world. Representing a total addressable opportunity of approximately $200 trillion (3) of payment flows annually, excluding Russia and China, this pillar of our business aims to make payments and money movement easier for businesses, consumers and governments, using both Visa s global network and connectivity to other networks around the world . We have two key objectives in this business area. The first objective is to address B2B payments flows from small businesses up to large enterprises and governments through our Visa Commercial Solutions, a card and virtual payments-led business. This part of the business focuses on addressing approximately $35 trillion of annual opportunity by converting small and medium business spend to our solutions; scaling our existing large and middle market use cases to more countries, corporates and partners; delivering product innovation and network flexibility, driving more B2B spend to cards and virtual payments, enabling new and emerging B2B verticals; and unlocking new commercial card acceptance with suppliers. The second objective is to address money movement and a subset of B2B flows through Visa Direct. This part of the business focuses on growing our domestic business through our core P2P use case and penetrating new use cases, growing our cross-border flows through enhanced network capabilities; and deepening our relationships with existing clients through new use cases, corridors and services. Through our Visa Direct strategy, we are pursuing approximately $55 trillion of annual opportunity in P2P, B2C and G2C money movement flows and approximately $25 trillion of annual opportunity in B2B money movement flows. Visa Commercial Solutions As a long-time participant in the B2B ecosystem, we have been supporting small businesses, large and middle market companies, and governments with their payments needs. We continue to see opportunities for growth as businesses seek simple digital experiences, similar to those available to consumers. Visa offers a holistic suite of tailored solutions for businesses, providing payment, reconciliation and data to help manage working capital and drive efficiency, set spend controls, manage expenses and automate payment processes. (3) Visa analysis based on third-party studies as of 2022. 10 Table of Contents Our portfolio of commercial payments solutions includes small business cards, corporate (travel) cards, purchasing cards, virtual cards and digital payment credentials. Businesses look to optimize processes and effectively manage working capital by utilizing our commercial payments solutions. To support small businesses we expanded the small business supplier matching webtool so that it is directly accessible to small- and medium-size businesses, enhancing their ability to use their payment credentials for business payments. For large business spend, we have been expanding our presence in specific commercial spend verticals, such as fleet and fuel, travel and agriculture. We have also extended our products and capabilities specifically for accounts receivable and accounts payable spend, through either embedded finance capabilities, or new solutions like our Accounts Receivable Manager virtual card automation solution in the U.S. Visa Direct We have the largest money movement platform in the world by transactions, volumes and endpoints through years of product innovation and acquisitions. Visa Direct began with cards, by taking our existing Visa network and allowing users to receive money to their bank accounts via their debit cards as an endpoint. We have also expanded our network of networks by adding connectivity to accounts through our acquisition of Earthport. Through further innovation, we added digital wallets. We have strengthened our position in the money movement space through additional assets we have acquired and built, such as Currencycloud and YellowPepper, to create the Visa Direct platform. The Visa Direct platform facilitates domestic and cross-border money movement, enabling clients to collect, hold, convert and send funds across our network. Visa Direct enables P2P payments and A2A transfers, business and government payouts to individuals or small businesses, seller settlements and refunds, among other use cases, across more than 195 countries and territories. Visa Direct utilizes more than 90 domestic payment schemes and more than 60 card and wallet networks, with the potential to reach approximately 12 billion endpoints, through approximately 4 billion cards, bank accounts and digital wallets, respectively. In fiscal 2025, Visa Direct processed more than 12.5 billion transactions for more than 650 partners. Through Visa+, we aim to provide simplified reach and delivery of funds through alias-linked accounts and wallets, giving flexibility and additional choices to consumers when receiving payments. Visa+ does not require users to have a Visa card; instead, it is based on an alias credential that is linked to their participating payment apps. Value-Added Services VAS represents approximately a $520 billion annual revenue opportunity (4) for us to diversify our revenue with products and solutions that help our clients and partners optimize their performance, differentiate their offerings and create better experiences for their consumers. Our comprehensive suite of value-added services spans four portfolios: Issuing Solutions, Acceptance Solutions, Risk and Security Solutions and Advisory and Other Services, which represent approximately $125 billion, $95 billion, $150 billion and $150 billion, respectively, of our overall $520 billion annual revenue opportunity in VAS. Our VAS strategy, aimed at deepening our partnerships, has three areas of focus: (1) enhance Visa payments by making the Visa network easier to access, more attractive and more secure, increasing yield per transaction; (2) enable all payments by providing access and managing experiences for A2A, alternative payment methods and other card schemes; and (3) go beyond payments by helping clients optimize their payments businesses and achieve multiplier effects. We have made significant progress across each of these areas and offer more than 200 products and services as of September 30, 2025, many of which are designed to work together to deliver high-impact business outcomes. (4) Visa analysis based on third-party studies as of 2024. 11 Table of Contents Issuing Solutions The largest division under our Issuing Solutions business is our Cardholder Engagement solutions, which provide issuers with benefits including airport lounge access, dining reservations, shopping experiences, event tickets, seller offers and access to unique experiences with the goal of driving engagement and spend on Visa payment credentials. We provide a range of other services and digital solutions to