=== CSX_2026-03-30.htm.gz ===
csx-20260326 0000277948 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD 0000277948 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 csx:StephenF.AngelMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 csx:JosephR.HinrichsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 csx:JosephR.HinrichsMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000277948 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000277948 csx:JosephR.HinrichsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000277948 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000277948 csx:JosephR.HinrichsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000277948 csx:JamesM.FooteMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000277948 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000277948 csx:JamesM.FooteMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000277948 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000277948 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 6 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 7 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 8 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000277948 9 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 CSX CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Dear Valued Shareholders, CSX has entered 2026 with clear operational momentum, built over several quarters of disciplined execution and reinforced by the completion of major infrastructure investments across our network. In 2025, we made meaningful progress on key priorities operating safely, serving our customers reliably, and strengthening the long-term resiliency and capacity of our network that will support improved financial performance for the Company. A hallmark of the year was the on-schedule completion of two transformative infrastructure projects that expand and improve the capabilities of our network. The rebuilding of the Blue Ridge Subdivision in North Carolina and Tennessee restored and modernized a critical corridor, improving reliability and resilience in a key region for merchandise and intermodal traffic. In Baltimore, we completed the Howard Street Tunnel project, a milestone that expands vertical clearance and positions CSX to launch efficient double-stack intermodal service through the city. With full double-stack capability anticipated in the Spring of 2026, this investment creates opportunities for new intermodal service offerings into the Northeast that we expect to be an important driver of future growth. We also marked a significant achievement with the completion of the CREATE 75th Street Flyover in Chicago. By separating freight and passenger rail traffic at one of the nation s most congested rail junctions, this project improves fluidity through the Chicago gateway and enhances network velocity. For customers, these projects translate into more consistent transit times, greater capacity, and a more competitive, environmentally-efficient rail option. Intermodal continued to be the primary driver of CSX volume growth in 2025. International intermodal led the way, supported by strong port connectivity, while domestic picked up strongly over the second half of the year as we initiated new routes and service offerings. New commercial agreements played a central role in this progress. We launched the Southeast Mexico Express with CPKC, creating a seamless solution linking U.S. Southeast markets with Mexico. With BNSF, we developed faster services connecting the Los Angeles Basin to Atlanta, Charlotte, and other areas in the East, providing customers with a compelling long-haul solution. Working with CN, we strengthened service connecting Canada to Nashville, opening new end-to-end supply chain options across North America. Our merchandise business was affected by mixed demand trends over the course of the year. While steady infrastructure activity helped lift performance in Minerals, other key segments such as Chemicals and Automotive continued to face pressure from broader market dynamics. More broadly, a soft industrial economy, shifting trade policies, weak global commodity prices, elevated interest rates, weak housing starts, and a persistently soft trucking market added complexity to planning and execution throughout the year. Against this backdrop, our strategy remains grounded in what we can control: operational excellence, cost discipline, and prudent use of capital. Our railroad continues to operate at a high level, delivering consistency and reliability for our customers. We have adjusted our cost structure, and our leadership team is aligned in driving stronger productivity and fiscal responsibility across the railroad. In 2025, we distributed nearly $2.4 billion to our investors through dividends and buybacks. This year, we will continue to return capital to our shareholders after investing in our network to improve efficiency, increase capacity, and support safer, more predictable operations benefits that directly affect our customers and, ultimately, our shareholders. As the industry continues to evolve, our aim is to firmly establish CSX as the best performing railroad in North America with a focus on creating long-term value. We will work to ensure that the Company stays well-positioned to compete in the marketplace, deliver best-in-class operational and financial metrics, and reward our shareholders. We are building a strong foundation for success for 2026 and beyond. We look forward to further discussing our progress at the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting on May 12th at 10:00 a.m. EDT. To join, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CSX2026 and enter the 16-digit control number from your proxy card or voting instruction form. We encourage shareholders to review the 2025 CSX Annual Report, which includes audited financial statements and insights into our business. Proxy materials are available electronically, reflecting our commitment to transparency and environmental sustainability. Thank you for your continued confidence in CSX. We remain focused on delivering the right results the right way, creating long-term value for our customers, our communities, and our shareholders. Sincerely, STEPHEN F. ANGEL President and Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2026 2026 Proxy Statement 2 Items of Business 1 To elect the 12 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement to the Company s Board of Directors FOR SEE PAGE 14 2 To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 FOR SEE PAGE 55 3 To vote on an advisory (non-binding) resolution to approve the compensation for the Company s named executive officers FOR SEE PAGE 59 The persons named as proxies will use their discretion to vote on other matters that may properly come before the Annual Meeting. To Our Shareholders The above matters are described in the Proxy Statement. You are urged, after reading the Proxy Statement, to vote your shares by proxy using one of the following methods: (i) vote via the Internet or by telephone; or (ii) complete, sign, date, and return your proxy card if you are a shareholder of record or voting instruction form if you hold your shares through a broker, bank, or other nominee in the postage-paid envelope provided if you requested printed proxy materials. This proxy is being solicited on behalf of the Company s Board of Directors. The Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ), the Proxy Statement, and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Report ) are being mailed or made available to shareholders on or about March 30, 2026. By Order of the Board of Directors, MICHAEL S. BURNS Senior Vice President Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 12, 2026 The Company s Notice for the Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement, and 2025 Annual Report are available, free of charge, at www.proxyvote.com . LOGISTICS The Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) of CSX Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, CSX or the Company ) will be held: DATE AND TIME Tuesday, May 12, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. EDT HOW TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING If you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, please see the instructions in the Questions and Answers section of the Proxy Statement. Shareholders will be able to listen, vote electronically, and submit questions during the Annual Meeting online. There will be no physical location for shareholders to attend. Shareholders may only participate online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting. com/CSX2026 . RECORD DATE Only shareholders of record at the close of business on March 13, 2026, which is the record date for the Annual Meeting, are entitled to vote. ADVANCE VOTING ONLINE www.proxyvote.com BY PHONE 1-800-690-6903 BY MAIL Mark, sign, date, and promptly mail the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form in the postage-paid envelope 3 2026 Proxy Statement Letter to Shareholders 2 Notice of 2026 Virtual Annual Meeting of Shareholders 3 Driving Value - CSX Highlights 5 Proxy Voting Summary 9 Letter from the Governance and Sustainability Committee 13 Corporate Governance 14 ITEM 1 Election of Directors 14 Criteria for Board Membership 14 Board Nomination Process and Qualifications 15 Director Nominees 21 Board and Committee Structure 35 Board Oversight Responsibilities 41 Shareholder Engagement 46 Corporate Governance Practices 49 Director Compensation 53 Audit Matters 55 ITEM 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 55 Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 56 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 56 Report of the Audit Committee 57 Executive Compensation 59 ITEM 3 Advisory (Non-Binding) Vote to Approve the Compensation of CSX s Named Executive Officers 59 Letter from the Compensation and Talent Management Committee 60 Report of the Compensation and Talent Management Committee 62 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 63 Compensation Tables 91 CEO Pay Ratio 102 Pay Versus Performance 103 Equity Compensation Plan Information 109 Ownership of Our Stock 110 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 111 Additional Information 112 Annual Meeting Questions Answers 114 Where to Find Director Nominee Biographies 22 Director Commitments Policy 20 Board Leadership 35 Board Key Skills and Experiences 17 Board Composition, Refreshment, and Diversity 16 Director Independence 19 Director Attendance 40 Board Risk Oversight 41 Shareholder Engagement Efforts 47 Corporate Governance Best Practices 49 Board Performance Evaluation 50 Related Person Transactions 52 2025 Directors Compensation Table 54 Director Stock Ownership Guidelines 54 Auditor Fees 56 Key Business Highlights for 2025 6 Executive Compensation Best Practices 65 2025 Comparator Group 66 Elements of the 2025 Executive Compensation Program 69 2025 Compensation Decisions 72 Clawback Policy 86 Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines 90 2025 Summary Compensation Table 91 2026 Proxy Statement 4 CSX remains steadfast in our goal of driving value by delivering leading operational and financial performance. Though 2025 was a challenging year for the Company and our industry overall with subdued demand and limited growth opportunities persisting across many of our key markets we stabilized our service while expanding and improving the capabilities of our network. We achieved modest total volume growth, took important measures to adjust our cost structure, and continued to invest in our core assets and pipeline of strategic opportunities. Our Strategy Our aim is to firmly establish CSX as the best performing railroad in North America operating safely, serving our customers reliably, and maximizing value for our shareholders. Our strategy remains grounded in operational excellence and driving productivity, controlling cost, and exercising capital discipline. Our Key Accomplishments We are dedicated to enhancing our performance through 2026 by building on our key accomplishments from last year: u We have renewed our leadership team, placing the best people into the best positions to drive value, with a unified commitment to fiscal responsibility and disciplined execution across the Company; u We have stabilized service on our network at high levels, providing consistency and reliability for our customers, while realizing clear productivity gains and improved safety execution through greater rigor and communication; and u We have capitalized on the strength of our service and expanded network reach to win business. We will preserve our operational momentum to be ready and able to respond when demand increases. Our Shareholders Our Employees u Cash flow generation supported approximately $2.4 billion in shareholder returns, including nearly $1.4 billion in share repurchases and around $970 million of dividends u Paid out approximately $3.3 billion in labor and fringe benefits Our Customers Our Communities u Shipped over 6.3 million units, helping our customers avoid over 10 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions by shipping with CSX versus truck, with strong year-end fluidity and customer service performance u Contributed approximately $18 million and over 24,500 employee volunteer hours to our communities and reached over 5,600 individuals in areas across our rail network with our robust first responder and law enforcement training program 5 2026 Proxy Statement Driving Value - CSX Highlights | Key Business Highlights for 2025 Key Business Highlights for 2025 Despite facing subdued demand and limited growth opportunities across many of our key markets, CSX ended 2025 with clear operational momentum built over several quarters of disciplined execution and delivered modest total volume growth. However, our reported operating income, operating margin, and earnings per share were all lower year over year. As described in our 2025 Annual Report, these results included approximately $80 million in expenses related to restructuring and severance, as the Company has taken important measures to adjust our cost structure and position the railroad to succeed. As we progress through 2026, we will continue to take thoughtful actions to enhance our performance and deliver greater profitability and cash flow. Safety and Operational Highlights Operating safely continues to be one of our key values. CSX achieved meaningful full year declines in both FRA Personal Injury and Train Accident Rates. We also accomplished strong year-end fluidity and customer service performance, with Velocity, Cars Online, Dwell, and Trip Plan Compliance all showing substantial improvement from the first to fourth quarter. These are encouraging trends, as running a cost-effective, efficient network while safely delivering consistent, reliable service is essential to our success. Financial Highlights u CSX generated $14.1 billion of revenue in 2025, representing a 3% decline from the prior year. u The Company also generated operating income of $4.52 billion and adjusted operating income of $4.69 billion (excluding a $164 million goodwill impairment charge), representing a 12% decline from the prior year on the adjusted basis. u In addition, CSX reported earnings of $1.54 per share and adjusted earnings of $1.61 per share in 2025 compared to $1.79 unadjusted and $1.83 adjusted earnings per share in 2024. u CSX generated $4.6 billion in cash from operations in 2025 and reported total property additions of approximately $2.9 billion. The Company continued to invest in essential infrastructure, as well as transformative infrastructure projects to expand and improve the capabilities of our network. With these projects complete and focused efforts on capital discipline in place, 2026 capital expenditures are expected to be substantially reduced, at less than $2.4 billion. u Free cash flow, which measures cash generated by the business after reinvestment, reached approximately $1.8 billion, and the Company returned nearly $2.4 billion of capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Commercial Highlights Intermodal continued to be the primary driver of CSX volume growth in 2025. Over the year, we won new domestic and international business as we provided faster, more convenient service to our customers. Accomplishments that further position us to capture business include: u the completion of the Blue Ridge Subdivision rebuild, improving reliability and resilience in a key region for merchandise and intermodal traffic, the Howard Street Tunnel project, creating opportunities for new intermodal service offerings into the Northeast, and the CREATE 75th Street Flyover in Chicago, improving fluidity through the Chicago gateway and enhancing network velocity; u the initiation of new commercial agreements, expanding our network reach; u the continued investment in and launch of industrial development projects across our network, with approximately 600 projects in the pipeline; and u broad customer recognition for our consistent service and collaborative and responsive approach, including as reflected through our customer Net Promoter Scores which have continuously been positive and above average throughout 2025. 2026 Proxy Statement 6 Driving Value - CSX Highlights | Key Sustainability Highlights Key Sustainability Highlights Sustainability Social Impact Strategy at CSX: Service with Purpose As detailed in our 2024 Sustainability Report, we summarize our approach to running a sustainable business through our sustainability and social impact platform, Service with Purpose. This platform reflects our commitment to running a sustainable business from the inside out by advancing the safety of our people and neighbors, serving our employees, customers, and communities, delivering environmentally-sustainable solutions across our operations and for our customers, and stewarding a responsible business that creates value for all stakeholders and society. The following graphic reflects our value generated across stakeholders through Service with Purpose. Each pillar, including our respective initiatives and achievements, is detailed further in our annual Sustainability Report. Environmental Highlights CSX is the leading provider of the most fuel-efficient and cost-effective method for businesses to move goods and materials. Efficiency is a key part of the value proposition that we are able to offer customers. CSX uses a suite of options to reduce emissions. We have continued to invest to drive incremental improvements for energy management and fuel efficiency, helping us maintain our competitive advantage. From reducing fuel consumption and optimizing train performance to investing in cleaner technologies and infrastructure, we are committed to running a more efficient and resilient railroad. In 2025, CSX: Customers avoided over 10 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions, saving equivalent emissions from nearly 1 billion gallons of diesel fuel if shipped by truck Led U.S. Class I operators with 0.968 gallons / kGTM fuel efficiency Utilized Trip Optimizer on over 30 million miles of service , saving the Company over 42 million gallons of diesel fuel Progressed to the final testing and implementation of Zero-to-Zero, which will further improve fuel savings in 2026 Earned a leadership spot on the CDP A List for climate 7 2026 Proxy Statement Driving Value - CSX Highlights | Key Sustainability Highlights Workforce Highlights Recognizing that our approximately 23,000 dedicated employees are the backbone of our success, we remain committed to fostering a culture that drives high performance and exceptional outcomes across the Company and for our customers and our surrounding communities where everyone is motivated to participate, deliver, and win. Employee engagement continues to be fundamental to our accomplishments, and we are dedicated to implementing and reinforcing initiatives that promote high performance and collaboration. To strengthen our talent pipeline, we are: placing the best people in the best positions to drive value; taking a targeted, strategic, and coordinated approach to hiring top talent; delivering comprehensive, modernized total rewards; and offering effective learning and development programs and training to support professional growth. Overall, we aim to support all employees in performing their roles to the fullest by providing resources that bolster emotional, financial, physical, and social well-being both at work and at home as we continue to build a workforce reflective of the communities where we live and work. Additional details of these impactful initiatives can be found in our annual Sustainability Report. Community Highlights At CSX, our dedication to service goes beyond the rails, extending into the neighborhoods where we operate through strategic investments, tailored community programs, local partnerships, and year-round employee volunteerism. In 2025, our Company contributed approximately $18 million and CSX employees donated over 24,500 volunteer hours and $325,000 to our communities, with $5.95 million in contributions directed to causes supporting military members, veterans, and first responders and their families. Through our signature community investment initiative, CSX Pride in Service, we have reached over one million service members nationwide. Pride in Service is a company-wide commitment to honor and serve those who serve our country and our communities our nation s military members, veterans, and first responders by connecting them and their families with the support they need. Our Company understands intimately the sacrifice that comes with military service, as nearly one in five CSX employees have served in some capacity. With Pride in Service s nonprofit partners, CSX makes possible critical financial assistance, community connections, and acts of gratitude. In 2025, we reached approximately 70,000+ service personnel and their family members through our Pride in Service initiative and sponsored around 1,000 community events. Governance Highlights Effective governance is central to reducing risk, protecting shareholder interests, and driving sustained growth and success. At CSX, we believe that good governance and responsible business practices begin with strong leaders who understand the opportunities and challenges across our business and bring a variety of perspectives for how to approach them. Our Board of Directors and executive team hold ultimate responsibility for developing and communicating CSX s vision and purpose, overseeing the implementation of sound governance practices, upholding Company policies, codes, procedures, and values, and overseeing ongoing monitoring of and adherence to existing and emerging laws and regulations. Key elements of our comprehensive governance program include: u Annual election of directors; u Majority voting standard for the election of directors and director resignation policy; u Qualification guidelines for director candidates and review of each director s performance and continuing qualifications for Board membership; u Independent Chair of the Board; u Audit Committee, Compensation and Talent Management Committee, and Governance and Sustainability Committee comprised solely of independent directors; u Regular executive sessions of independent directors; u Annual evaluation of Board and committee performance; u Board access to independent advisors; u Stock ownership guidelines for directors and officers; u Meaningful limitations on directors service on other public company boards; u Disciplined succession planning and effective leadership transitions at the CEO and executive management levels; u No poison pill (shareholder rights plan); u Proxy access for director candidates nominated by shareholders reflecting standard market practices; u Shareholder rights to call special meetings; u Policy against hedging and pledging of CSX common stock; u Pay-for-performance alignment; and u Robust shareholder outreach and engagement program. All employees and officers of CSX and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, members of the Board, and partners conducting business with or on behalf of CSX are expected to act with the highest standards of personal integrity, consistent with the ethical behaviors outlined in our Code of Ethics. We require robust annual ethics training, which focuses on applying the CSX Code of Ethics in daily interactions, for all CSX management employees and highly recommend training for union employees. 100% of all active CSX management employees and a majority of CSX union employees completed business ethics training in 2025. Employees are encouraged to anonymously report any suspected violations of the CSX Code of Ethics or other ethical concerns to the 24/7 CSX Ethics Helpline, which is operated by an independent service. CSX strictly prohibits retaliation against anyone who makes a good faith report about a known or suspected violation of our code. 2026 Proxy Statement 8 This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. For more complete information regarding the Company s 2025 performance, please review the 2025 Annual Report. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of the following director nominees. ITEM 1 Election of Directors As discussed in more detail in the Corporate Governance section below beginning on page 14 of this Proxy Statement. COLLECTIVE KEY SKILLS AND EXPERIENCES OF THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES Accounting/Financial Reporting Business Operations Corporate Governance Finance/Capital Allocation Government/Regulatory Human Capital Management Risk/Crisis Management Sustainability Technology/Cybersecurity Transportation Industry/Supply Chain Management 9 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Voting Summary | Shareholder Engagement Highlights Shareholder Engagement Highlights We conduct and facilitate shareholder outreach and engagement throughout the year to ensure that the Board of Directors and management proactively understand and consider our shareholders views on important issues. This approach enables us to communicate our initiatives effectively and engage in constructive dialogue with our shareholders. Below is a summary of the framework, scope, and key areas of focus of our 2025-2026 shareholder outreach and engagement efforts. Our ongoing, comprehensive, and proactive engagement with our shareholders underscores the intrinsic value that we place on shareholder feedback and our commitment to transparency and responsiveness in our decision-making processes. Additional detail on our 2025-2026 shareholder outreach and engagement efforts and our policies and practices regarding shareholder engagement generally including our other mechanisms for receiving feedback from and engaging with our shareholders is provided in the Shareholder Engagement subsection of the Corporate Governance section below beginning on page 46 of this Proxy Statement. We encourage you to review this subsection for a more fulsome perspective on our shareholder outreach and engagement program. Outreach and Engagement Design Overview Through our outreach efforts before the 2025 Annual Meeting, we contacted the governance teams of 16 key shareholders representing approximately 42% of outstanding shares.* We received a meeting declination (with investors indicating that they have no concerns) from or met with the governance teams of 10 of these shareholders representing approximately 31% of outstanding shares.* Through our off-season outreach efforts after the 2025 Annual Meeting, we contacted the governance teams of 24 of our largest shareholders representing approximately 44% of outstanding shares.* We received feedback from or met with the governance teams of 13 of these shareholders representing approximately 30% of outstanding shares.* CSX PARTICIPANTS u Governance and Sustainability Committee Chair u Compensation and Talent Management Committee Chair u Chief Legal Officer u Head of Investor Relations and Communications u Leaders from different CSX departments, such as legal and total rewards AREAS OF FOCUS u Executive compensation u Board composition u Board oversight of succession planning u Board oversight of strategy u Leadership transitions u Company performance u Director commitments * Based on ownership as of December 31, 2024 for outreach before the 2025 Annual Meeting and as of September 30, 2025 for off- season outreach. The Board unanimously recommends that the shareholders vote FOR this proposal. ITEM 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm As discussed in more detail in the Audit Matters section below beginning on page 55 of this Proxy Statement. The Board unanimously recommends that the shareholders vote FOR this proposal. ITEM 3 Advisory (Non-Binding) Vote to Approve the Compensation of CSX s Named Executive Officers As discussed in more detail in the Executive Compensation section below beginning on page 59 of this Proxy Statement. 2026 Proxy Statement 10 Proxy Voting Summary | Executive Compensation Highlights Executive Compensation Highlights Alignment with Leading Governance Practices The Compensation and Talent Management Committee has established an executive compensation program that incorporates leading governance principles, such as those highlighted below, which drive performance and support strong corporate governance. CSX Executive Compensation Practices Include: CSX Executive Compensation Practices Do NOT Include/Allow: u Significant percentage of executive compensation that is performance based u Performance measures with stretch targets that are highly correlated to shareholder value creation u Short-term incentive compensation plan that contains financial and safety goals u Inclusion of multiple different financial measures in short and long-term incentive plans u Performance management and goal setting processes for the CEO and executive leadership u Engagement of an independent compensation consultant to review our executive compensation program and perform an annual risk assessment u Significant share ownership requirements for the CEO and executive leadership and non-employee directors u Double trigger in change-of-control agreements for severance payouts (i.e., change of control plus termination) u Clawback triggers in short and long-term incentive plans based on a financial restatement or behavioral triggers such as dishonesty, fraud, theft, or misconduct, beyond those required under SEC and NASDAQ rules u Use of payout caps on short and long-term incentives u Annual Say-on-Pay vote u Re-pricing of underwater options without shareholder approval u Excise tax gross-ups u Recycling of shares withheld for taxes or exercise price u Hedging or pledging of CSX common stock u Vesting of equity awards with less than a one-year period u Encouraging unreasonable risk taking 2025 Components of Compensation CEO TARGET COMPENSATION (1) OTHER NEOs AVERAGE TARGET COMPENSATION (2) Salary Cash-based Short-term Incentives Performance Units Non-qualified Stock Options Restricted Stock Units (1) Represents Mr. Angel s 2025 variable at-risk total target compensation of 96%, based on his prorated compensation from September 2025 through December 31, 2025, and includes the grant of performance units and nonqualified stock options he received upon starting his employment in September 2025. In 2026, Mr. Angel s variable total target compensation is 76%. (2) Reflects the average target compensation for all other NEOs employed with the Company as of December 31, 2025. 11 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Voting Summary | Executive Compensation Highlights Overview of Incentive Payouts 2025 MICP Performance Measures (1) Threshold (1) (50% payout) Target (100% payout) Maximum (200% payout) Individual Measure Payouts Total Achievement Level (% of Target) Financial Goals 70% weighting 76% (6) Operating Income (2) (30% weighting) 0% Operating Margin (2), (3) (30% weighting) 0% Initiative-based Revenue Growth (4) (10% weighting) 20% Operational Goals (5) 30% weighting FRA Personal Injury Rate (5% weighting) 10% FRA Train Accident Rate (5% weighting) 10% Trip Plan Compliance (10% weighting) 17% Fuel Efficiency (10% weighting) 19% (1) Performance measure payouts are determined independently and each measure could result in a threshold payout range from 0% to 50% as shown, where applicable, in the table. (2) The reflected actual operating income and operating margin performance exclude a $164 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to the Company s Quality Carriers investment, but this exclusion did not result in any adjustment to the actual payout amounts. (3) Similar to prior plan years, the 2025 MICP allowed a formulaic adjustment to the operating margin performance goal by a predetermined amount if the average cost of highway diesel fuel was outside the range of $3.35 to $3.85 per gallon. This adjustment is designed to account for the potential impact that volatile fuel prices have on expenses and operating margin. Because the 2025 average price per gallon was $3.66 for highway diesel fuel, which was within the range, there was no adjustment to the operating margin goal. (4) Initiative-based Revenue Growth is a non-GAAP measure calculated by the amount of newly generated line-haul revenue associated with specific customer initiatives in the year. Line-haul revenue is the revenue generated from moving traffic, excluding fuel surcharge, before any costs or expenses are deducted. (5) Certain actual safety and operations performance can continue to settle over time. The Company s 2025 achievements demonstrated in this table reflect actual performance as of the Company s fourth quarter earnings release. (6) No individual performance adjustments were applied to 2025 payouts for any NEO. 2023-2025 LTIP Performance Measures Threshold (0% payout) Target (50% payout) Maximum (100% payout) Individual Measure Payouts Total Achievement Level (% of Target) Average Annual Operating Income Growth Rate (1) (50% weighting) 0% 5% Economic Profit (2) (50% weighting) Based on prior year s Economic Profit with the payout percent averaged over three years; Recommended performance range of 5.3% of GCE for each year ($335M for 2023) 6% Relative Total Shareholder Return (Modifier) 0.79x (1) The reflected actual average annual operating income growth rate excludes non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $108 million in 2024 and $164 million in 2025 related to the Company s Quality Carriers investment, but this exclusion did not result in any adjustment to the actual payout amounts. (2) Economic Profit is a non-GAAP measure designed to measure whether returns on new investments exceed an expected rate of return and to encourage investments in profitable growth projects. 2026 Proxy Statement 12 Maintaining an Effective, Balanced, and Refreshed Board One of the primary purposes of the Governance and Sustainability Committee is to identify individuals qualified to become Board members consistent with criteria established by the Board and recommend candidates for election to the Board and appointment to its committees. In fulfilling this important responsibility, we are dedicated to ensuring that we select the right individuals so that our Board embodies the full breadth of backgrounds, perspectives, skills, and experiences necessary to help drive excellent operational and financial performance and long-term value for CSX and our shareholders. Such breadth positions the Board to effectively and comprehensively oversee the Company s strategy and execution, while being adaptable and responsive in the face of changing conditions. This was particularly important in 2025, given the state of the industry. Beyond supporting a broad range of backgrounds, perspectives, skills, and experiences across the Board, the Governance and Sustainability Committee also seeks to ensure that the Board reflects a good tenure mix across its members. This helps facilitate the infusion of new ideas and insights on the business, initiatives, and policies of CSX while promoting stability in leadership and the streamlined transfer of knowledge. With an average tenure of nearly 8 years for our director nominees, we believe that we have contributed to the Board s achievement of such a balanced composition through our deliberative director succession planning and refreshment efforts and processes. The Governance and Sustainability Committee s dedication to regular refreshment is evidenced by our nomination of three new highly qualified directors in the past two years. These individuals have enhanced certain of the key skills and experiences of our Board like business operations, transportation industry, and government and regulatory expertise. Overall, we believe that each of our director nominees adds to the general capability and diversity of the Board. Establishing a high-performing Board has helped nurture an engaged and candid culture where the Board and management regularly discuss vision, purpose, performance, and strategy. CEO and Senior Management Succession Planning Another core purpose of the Governance and Sustainability Committee is overseeing the CEO and senior management succession planning process. Just as for director succession planning and refreshment, we maintain an ongoing focus on this important responsibility to ensure that we can efficiently act on our plans, processes, and pipelines whenever we believe it is in the best interests of CSX and our shareholders. In 2025, the selection and appointment of Steve Angel as the CSX President and Chief Executive Officer exemplified the efficacy of our succession planning oversight. Over the past year, the Company faced various changes, including shifts in the industry landscape, political and regulatory transitions, dynamic market conditions, and increasing operational demands. In this more complex environment, the Board has remained steadfast in its focus on supporting the Company s delivery of excellent operational and financial performance. We needed executive leadership to translate, on a timely basis, the various CSX initiatives and phases of business transformation into improved performance. These cumulative developments led the Board to make a strategic leadership change after a very deliberate and targeted process. Steve became the clear choice to lead our Company as we enter our next phase of growth in the current pivotal landscape. Steve has proven, exceptional business and operational acumen and he has demonstrated a clear ability to create shareholder value. Following Steve s appointment, CSX also announced senior leadership changes designed to strengthen the Company s strategic focus and advance our long-term growth objectives. Kevin Boone has been named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Maryclare Kenney has been promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. In addition, Riz Chand has been appointed Chief Human Resources Officer. These transitions further reflect the Board s steadfast focus on succession planning and the development of our talent at all levels. Strong governance otherwise remains a top priority for the Governance and Sustainability Committee and our Board. For example, our dedication to our other key responsibilities have resulted in: u A thoughtful annual evaluation of Board performance, which has been enhanced over recent years; u The rotation of committee membership for several of our directors in 2025, which we believe allows for new perspectives, improved functionality, and a more balanced and effective structure; and u Regular director participation in our robust shareholder outreach and engagement program. We appreciate our shareholders confidence in CSX and are committed to driving value for our shareholders through a strong governance framework. Sincerely, LINDA H. RIEFLER Governance and Sustainability Committee Chair March 30, 2026 13 2026 Proxy Statement ITEM 1 Election of Directors Criteria for Board Membership Twelve directors are to be elected to hold office for a one-year term beginning in May 2026 until our 2027 Annual Meeting or their successors are elected and qualified. The Governance and Sustainability Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors, and the Board has approved, the persons named below as director nominees. Broad Diversity The Board believes that each of these director nominees adds to the overall capability and diversity of the Board, including in terms of background, skills, perspective, industries served, business matter coverage, and demographics. The Board recognizes the importance of developing and maintaining a composition embodying a broad set of qualities that will expand the views and experiences available to the Board in its deliberations and oversight contributing to high performance. Many factors are taken into account when evaluating director nominees accordingly, such as experience, education, and personal attributes. Comprehensive Relevant Experience and Expertise These director nominees bring a wide range of relevant experience and expertise in being current or former senior executives at large and complex organizations, corporate governance, business operations, the transportation industry, railroad regulations, financial markets and reporting, human capital, risk management, and sustainability matters. We believe that this comprehensive representation in areas critical to our business is necessary, as each Board member is expected to be able to assess and evaluate the Company in the face of changing conditions in the economy, regulatory environment, and customer expectations. Demonstrated Leadership Ability and Capacity Additionally, nominees for Board membership are expected to be prominent individuals with demonstrated leadership ability and who possess outstanding integrity, values, and judgment. Directors and director nominees must be willing to devote the substantial time and capacity required to carry out the duties and responsibilities of directors. In addition, each Board member is expected to represent the broad interests of the Company and its shareholders as a group, and not any particular constituency. With the exception of Stephen F. Angel, who was appointed as the CSX President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Company s Board of Directors later in 2025 and has his own demonstrated record of significant capability, experience, and expertise as detailed in the Director Nominees section on page 22 , each of the following director nominees was elected to the Board at the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting, and each of them has exemplified proven commitment and qualification to serve on the CSX Board. 2026 Proxy Statement 14 Corporate Governance | Board Nomination Process and Qualifications Board Nomination Process and Qualifications Board Nomination Policies and Practices We have a director qualifications and selection policy with various criteria for Board membership, as described above, which factors into our Board nomination practices. Identification Our Governance and Sustainability Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing these criteria, identifying individuals qualified to become Board members, and recommending candidates to fill Board vacancies and for election to the Board at the next annual or special meeting of shareholders at which directors are to be elected. Sources for our director candidate pool include incumbent directors, management, shareholder recommendations and third-party search firms, consultants, and other advisors, as appropriate. Evaluation In identifying and recommending Board nominees, the Governance and Sustainability Committee uses guidelines consistent with the criteria approved by the Board that it has developed with respect to qualifications for nominations to, and continued membership, on the Board. In accordance with the CSX Corporate Governance Guidelines, potential nominees recommended by shareholders will be evaluated on the same basis as individuals identified directly by such committee or from these other sources. Factors that the Governance and Sustainability Committee considers in assessing potential director nominees include: u Skills, qualifications, experiences, and demonstrated leadership ability; u Possession of outstanding integrity, values, and judgment; u Sufficient time and capacity; u Overall Board composition and balance; u The current and long-term needs of the business; and u Independence and potential conflicts. In addition to these factors, for continued membership on the Board or re-nomination of a director, the Governance and Sustainability Committee also considers: u Ongoing contribution to the Board s effectiveness; u Feedback from the annual evaluation of Board and committee performance; u Attendance and participation at Board and committee meetings; and u Shareholder feedback, including the support received at our Annual Meeting. Recommendation and Nomination The Governance and Sustainability Committee ultimately recommends a slate of director nominees that the Board reviews. The Board then nominates the director candidates best qualified to serve the interests of our Company and stakeholders for shareholder consideration and election. We believe that the effectiveness of our Board nomination policies and practices and, relatedly, our criteria for Board membership and our policies and practices around Board composition, refreshment, and diversity is evidenced by our nomination of three new highly qualified directors in the past two years. See the Board Composition, Refreshment, and Diversity section on page 16 for more information. 15 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Board Nomination Process and Qualifications Board Composition, Refreshment, and Diversity Board Snapshot* INDEPENDENCE Independent Not Independent AGE 50-60 61-70 70 TENURE 5 years 5-10 years 10 years DIVERSITY Diverse Non-Diverse * As of March 30, 2026. 1 Balanced Composition The Board and Governance and Sustainability Committee believe that the current slate of director nominees 1) brings a variety of different backgrounds, perspectives, skills, professional and industry experiences, qualifications, and personal attributes and 2) reflects a good tenure mix contributing to the overall balanced composition and existing diversity of our Board. This balanced composition helps the Board effectively and comprehensively oversee the Company s strategy and performance. It also helps ensure the infusion of new ideas and insights on CSX s business, initiatives, and policies while promoting stability in leadership and the streamlined transfer of knowledge and experience. 2 Effective Refreshment We also believe that our nomination of three new highly qualified directors over the past two years demonstrates the effectiveness of our policies and practices around Board composition, refreshment, and diversity, as well as our criteria for Board membership and our Board nomination policies and practices, as discussed above. These individuals have enhanced certain of the skills and experiences of our Board as reflected below. 3 Commitment to Diversity Our Board of Directors and the Governance and Sustainability Committee are dedicated to ensuring that our full Board embodies the breadth of backgrounds and perspectives in addition to skills and experiences necessary for a balanced and effective Board. Board Changes in the Past 2 Years Skills and Experiences Enhanced in the Past 2 Years 3 new highly skilled directors have joined our Board Business Operations Transportation Industry/Supply Chain Management Government/Regulatory 2 directors have left our Board Corporate Governance Human Capital Management 2026 Proxy Statement 16 Corporate Governance | Board Nomination Process and Qualifications Board Key Skills and Experiences In determining the qualifications of a director nominee, our Board of Directors and the Governance and Sustainability Committee consider the following to be key skills and areas of experience that are important to be represented on the Board as a whole: ACCOUNTING/FINANCIAL REPORTING Experience as an accountant, auditor, chief financial officer, or senior leader responsible for financial reporting is important because it assists directors with their oversight of the preparation and audit of the Company's financial statements, and internal controls and procedures. This understanding is critical to measuring our performance and reporting to our shareholders. BUSINESS OPERATIONS Business operations experience gives directors a practical understanding of developing, implementing, and assessing the Company's operating plan and business strategy. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate governance experience supports Board and management accountability, transparency, and protection of shareholder interests. FINANCE/CAPITAL ALLOCATION Financial and capital allocation experience is important in evaluating capital markets and the Company's design and implementation of financing and capital allocation strategies. This understanding helps support appropriate oversight of capital structure, cash flows, and key financial ratios of the Company. GOVERNMENT/REGULATORY Government and regulatory experience is key in understanding the legislative process and regulatory environment in which the Company operates, oversight of the Company's strategy and regulatory compliance, and public policy issues affecting the Company. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Human capital management experience is valuable in understanding the dynamics of attracting, motivating, developing, and retaining high-performing employees. A background in recruiting, talent management, succession planning, executive compensation, or culture is helpful with the oversight of these areas. RISK/CRISIS MANAGEMENT Risk/crisis management experience is critical in helping the Board fulfill its responsibilities with respect to its risk oversight and mitigation, as well as providing Board leadership in strategic planning, compliance, and navigating through corporate crises. SUSTAINABILITY Sustainability experience supports the Company's sustainability policies, strategies, and programs, including efficiency initiatives. Also, climate-related experience is key to understanding climate or weather-related risks and helping better serve our customers' evolving needs. TECHNOLOGY/CYBERSECURITY Experience or expertise in information technology, digitalization, data management, product or process innovation, or cybersecurity is important to helping guide the Company s business strategy and assessing evolving technology opportunities and cybersecurity or information security risks. TRANSPORTATION INDUSTRY/ SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT Transportation industry experience is important to understanding rail operations, the dynamics within the freight transportation sector, key performance indicators, and the competitive environment. An understanding of rail customer perspectives is also helpful. 17 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Board Nomination Process and Qualifications This matrix below reflects the specific key skills and experiences of each individual director as relied on most by the Board, and highlights the collective contributions that our Board believes are necessary for a balanced and effective Board. The absence of a designation in this matrix does not mean that a director does not possess that particular skill or experience. Rather, all our directors possess most or all the skills and experiences represented below. We have chosen to identify their most applicable skills and experiences in connection with their service on the CSX Board, and have applied a more selective approach this year in making these identifications. Moreover, each director also contributes other important skills, experiences, expertise, background, qualities, and attributes to our Board that are not represented in this graphic. Angel Begeman Bostick Chow Halverson Hilal Moffett Riefler Vautrinot Wainscott Whisler Zillmer Accounting/ Financial Reporting l l l Business Operations l l l l l l l l l l Corporate Governance l l l l l l l l l l Finance/Capital Allocation l l l l l l l l l Government/ Regulatory l l l l l l Human Capital Management l l l l l l l l l Risk/Crisis Management l l l l l l l l l l Sustainability l l l l l l l Technology/ Cybersecurity l l l l l l l Transportation Industry/ Supply Chain Management l l l l l l 2026 Proxy Statement 18 Corporate Governance | Board Nomination Process and Qualifications Director Independence Our Board of Directors annually evaluates the independence of each of its members and, acting through its Governance and Sustainability Committee, the performance of each of its members. In evaluating their independence, the Board considers the NASDAQ Global Select Market listing standards and reviews transactions or relationships, if any, between each director, director nominee, or his or her immediate family members and the Company or its subsidiaries. The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such transactions or relationships would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment by the director or director nominee in carrying out his or her responsibilities as a director, and thus be inconsistent with a determination that the director or director nominee is independent. The Board also considers the independence of its committee members under applicable securities laws. In February 2026, after considering relevant NASDAQ listing standards, the Board, upon recommendation from the Governance and Sustainability Committee, determined that the following director nominees are independent under these NASDAQ listing standards: Thomas P. Bostick; Anne H. Chow; Steven T. Halverson; Paul C. Hilal; David M. Moffett; Linda H. Riefler; Suzanne M. Vautrinot; James L. Wainscott; J. Steven Whisler; and John J. Zillmer. 19 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Board Nomination Process and Qualifications Director Commitments Our Board of Directors believes that all members of the Board must be willing and able to devote the substantial time and capacity required to carry out the duties and responsibilities of directors a qualification that is enshrined in the CSX Corporate Governance Guidelines. Accordingly, and in line with good governance practices and shareholder feedback, as part of the Governance and Sustainability Committee s annual review and assessment of these guidelines, in 2023, the Board adopted a revised policy on our directors service on the boards of other public companies to set meaningful limitations on such service, as follows: Director Commitments Policy with Numerical Limits for All Directors A director who serves as the CEO of a public company may not serve on more than three public company boards, including the CSX Board. All other directors may not serve on more than five public company boards, including the CSX Board. This policy, which is contained in the CSX Corporate Governance Guidelines, also continues to provide that each director is expected to inform the Chair of the Governance and Sustainability Committee in advance in the event that such director is considering an offer to serve on the board of another public company. If a director intends to join a new public company board, to the extent that such appointments may create concerns with respect to scheduling issues or potential conflicts of interest, the board or committee appointments will be discussed with the Governance and Sustainability Committee in advance whenever possible. All our directors are in compliance with our revised policy on our directors service on the boards of other public companies. Additionally, per our policies and practices, the Board has evaluated and maintains that each of our incumbent directors elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting has proven the ability to commit sufficient time and capacity to Board duties and to otherwise fulfill the responsibilities required of directors in 2025. Such demonstration is evidenced by Board and committee meeting attendance and their preparation in advance of meetings, contribution to Board discussions, decision-making, engagement with other members of the Board and management, and responsiveness to communications, which is evidenced in the annual evaluation of each individual director s performance. See John J. Zillmer Remains the Best Choice for Chair of the Board below on page 34 for additional detail regarding our evaluation of our Board Chair s commitments. 2026 Proxy Statement 20 Corporate Governance | Director Nominees Director Nominees As of the date of this Proxy Statement, the Board has no reason to believe that any of the following director nominees will be unable or unwilling to serve. If any of the nominees named below is not available to serve as a director at the time of the Annual Meeting (an event which the Board does not currently anticipate), the proxies will be voted for the election of such other person or persons as the Board may designate, unless the Board, in its discretion, reduces the size of the Board. There are no family relationships among any of these nominees or among any of the nominees and any executive officer of the Company. Information regarding each of the director nominees follows. Descriptions of key skills and qualifications in these biographies are intentionally limited to emphasize only four notable areas of focus for each nominee and thus are not reflective of all the key skills and qualifications possessed by each director nominee. Nominees have acquired these key skills and qualifications, those additional key skills included in the Board Key Skills and Experiences section beginning on page 17 , and others through direct experience, education, training, and oversight responsibilities. Each of the following director nominees has consented to being named in this Proxy Statement and to serve if elected. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of the following nominees. 21 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX'S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Served as Chairman from 2022 to January 31, 2026 and Chief Executive Officer from 2018 to 2022 of Linde plc, a leading global industrial gases and engineering company. Prior to Praxair, Inc. s merger with Linde AG, served as Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer from 2007 to 2018. Mr. Angel joined Praxair in 2001 as an Executive Vice President, responsible for Praxair s businesses in North America, Europe, and Asia, and was named President and Chief Operating Officer in 2006. u Prior to joining Praxair, spent 22 years in a variety of management positions with General Electric, working directly with locomotive and rail operations. u Serves as Non-Executive Chairman of GE Vernova, which was spun off as a separate public company from General Electric Company, since 2024, where he is also a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. u Previously served as a director of GE Aerospace until December 2025, formerly named General Electric Company, where he was the Chair of the Management Development Compensation Committee. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Mr. Angel has also served as a director of PPG Industries, the Hydrogen Council, and the US-China Business Council, and as co-chair of the US-Brazil CEO Forum. He is a graduate member of The Business Council, where he served on the executive committee. Mr. Angel has received numerous awards and recognition for his leadership throughout his career. In 2020, he was awarded North Carolina State University s Watauga Medal, the university s highest non-academic honor, for his decades of service to the institution. In 2019, he was given The American-German Institute s Leadership Award, which recognized Linde s commitment to making the world more productive and its contribution to the German-American partnership. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Executive (Chair) u Appointed due to his role as Chief Executive Officer of CSX. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u GE Vernova Business Operations Over 45 years of experience driving operational excellence and growth in his roles at Linde, Praxair, and General Electric. During his tenure, he oversaw the successful integration of Linde and Praxair, which created the world s largest industrial gases and engineering company. He has a proven record of leading large, public companies, including through significant transformation. Finance/Capital Allocation Demonstrated generation of strong shareholder returns throughout his executive career, including through his leadership and expertise in maintaining disciplined capital allocation and attractive returns on capital. Human Capital Management Decades of experience developing and leading high- performing teams and fostering a collaborative culture. Corporate Governance Substantial expertise through serving as a director at several other public companies, including in board leadership positions such as Chairman of Linde, Non- Executive Chairman of GE Vernova, and Chair of the Management Development Compensation Committee at GE Aerospace. 2026 Proxy Statement 22 Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX'S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Provides consulting services on railroad regulatory and government affairs matters after more than three decades of public service in the legislative and executive branches of government. Served as an independent peer reviewer for a Congressionally mandated report issued in 2024 by the Transportation Research Board of the National Academy of Sciences. u Served as a member of the Surface Transportation Board (the STB ), an independent federal agency charged with the economic regulation of various modes of surface transportation, primarily freight rail, from 2011 through 2021, including in leadership roles as the STB s Chairman and Acting Chairman, from 2017 to 2021, and as Vice Chairman. Her tenure was marked by her commitment to working with her Board member colleagues and Board staff to improve the agency s accountability, transparency and timeliness. u Served in various positions in the U.S. Senate from 1992 to 2011, including as Republican Staff Director for the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, as the U.S. Senate Commerce Committee s Deputy Staff Director and Transportation Policy Advisor, and as Legislative Director and Acting Chief of Staff for Senator John McCain. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE During her tenure in transportation-specific roles in the U.S. Senate, Ms. Begeman was instrumental in the creation of the STB under the ICC Termination Act, later serving two terms as a member of the STB after Presidential Appointment and Senate confirmation in 2011 and 2016. She was a 2020 Railway Age Women in Rail award recipient in recognition of her work at the STB. Ms. Begeman has also worked in the private sector, serving as a senior benefits specialist in Human Resources for First American Bankshares, Inc. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Finance u Over a decade of service as a member of the STB, including as Chairman and in other leadership roles, which is the federal agency charged with the economic regulation of various modes of surface transportation, primarily freight rail, and that has jurisdiction over railroad rate, practice, and service issues as well as railroad restructuring transactions. u Capital allocation, strategic financial, and budgeting perspective gained through her roles in the U.S. Senate and as Chairman, Vice Chairman, and a member of the STB. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u None Government/Regulatory Extensive legislative and regulatory experience developed over her decades of public service in the U.S. Senate and on the STB, an independent federal agency charged with the economic regulation of various modes of surface transportation, primarily freight rail. Transportation Industry/Supply Chain Management Expertise in all aspects of the rail and freight industries, particularly in the regulatory and rule-making environment through her tenure in transportation-specific roles in the U.S. Senate and in leadership roles at the STB, which has jurisdiction over railroad rate, practice, and service issues. Risk/Crisis Management Relevant experience through the STB s oversight of rail economic regulations. Finance/Capital Allocation Served in the U.S. Senate and at the STB, through which she gained capital allocation, strategic financial, and budgeting perspective. 23 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX'S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Chief Executive Officer of Bostick Global Strategies, LLC, a management consulting firm specializing in engineering, environmental sustainability, human resources, biotechnology, executive coaching, and program and project management, since 2016. u Served as Chief Operating Officer and President of Intrexon Bioengineering, a division of Intrexon Corporation, a public company, which seeks to advance biologically engineered solutions to improve sustainability and efficiency, from 2016 to 2020. Led a significant restructuring that resulted in Intrexon being renamed as Precigen. u Retired as a U.S. Army Lieutenant General in 2016. u Served as Chief of Engineers and Commanding General of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, where he was responsible for most of the nation s civil works infrastructure and military construction. u Served as the U.S. Army s Director of Human Resources and led the U.S. Army Recruiting Command. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Lt. Gen. (ret.) Bostick was deployed during Operation Iraqi Freedom as second in command of the 1st Cavalry Division and later commanded the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Gulf Region Division with over $18 billion in construction. He is an independent director on the board of Perma-Fix, a nuclear services company and leading nuclear and mixed waste management provider. He is as an independent trustee on the Equity and High Income Fund Board of Fidelity Investments, Inc., a privately-owned investment management company. He is an independent director on the board of Allonnia, a biotech company focused on environmental challenges, and on the board of HireVue, which uses artificial intelligence and data analytics to transform how organizations discover, engage, and hire the best talent. He is a Member of the National Academy of Engineering and the National Academy of Construction. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Compensation and Talent Management u Human capital and talent management expertise through his distinguished career in commanding roles within the U.S. Army, including as Chief of Engineers and Commanding General of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and his service as the U.S. Army s Director of Human Resources. Also, demonstrated leadership in the U.S. Army Recruiting Command. u Proven commitment to leadership and team building and inclusion through his military service and continued work at Bostick Global Strategies, LLC, as well as civic and community involvement. Governance and Sustainability u Numerous leadership roles in public and private companies and the U.S. military, with experience in evaluating and overseeing leadership and management structures. u Leadership at the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and several companies focused on sustainability, including addressing environmental challenges. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. Business Operations Served as Chief Operating Officer and President of Intrexon Bioengineering, now known as Precigen. Led the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the world s largest public engineering organization. Government/Regulatory Long-tenured service and distinguished career in commanding roles with the U.S. military. Human Capital Management Expertise through his service as the U.S. Army s Director of Human Resources, leadership in the U.S. Army Recruiting Command, and work at Bostick Global Strategies, LLC. Sustainability Relevant experience through his leadership and project management oversight at the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and several companies focused on sustainability and leadership of an ESG subcommittee at Perma-Fix. 2026 Proxy Statement 24 Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX'S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Served as Chief Executive Officer of AT T Business from 2019 to 2022, where she was responsible for leading a $35 billion global business comprised of 35,000 people that provided communications and networking solutions to businesses across the world, including nearly all Fortune 1000 companies and the public sector across the U.S. u Held a variety of other executive leadership positions at AT T across product management, marketing, sales, customer service, and operations, partner ecosystems, and network engineering, including President National Business, President Integrator Solutions, and Senior Vice President Premier Client Group, since 2000. u Currently serves as Lead Independent Director of Franklin Covey, a company dedicated to organizational transformation. Also serves as an independent director of 3M, a company focused on material science innovation for impact. u Senior Fellow and Adjunct Professor of Executive Education at Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Management. u Founder of The Rewired CEO, a business services firm, where she has served as Chief Executive Officer since 2022. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Ms. Chow has been and is currently involved as a board or advisory member in organizations such as the Georgia Tech President's Advisory Board, Dallas Mavericks Advisory Council, Girl Scouts of the USA, New Jersey Chamber of Commerce, the Asian American Justice Center, and APIA Scholars. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Compensation and Talent Management u Long-tenured career in various leadership positions where she played an active role in culture transformation, diversity and inclusion, and cultivating future leaders, gained invaluable experience in human capital and talent management, and for which she has been widely recognized for her role model inclusive leadership. Proven commitment to nonprofit and community involvement. u Years of service on compensation committees of other public company boards, including as the Chair of the Compensation and Talent Committee of 3M. Governance and Sustainability u Significant corporate governance experience through her service in several board leadership roles at public companies, including as Lead Independent Director and Governance/Nominating Committee Chair at Franklin Covey, as well as Compensation and Talent Committee Chair at 3M. Additional in-depth knowledge through her board and advisory roles with a diverse range of local and national non-profit and community organizations. u Experience with sustainability, stewardship, and public policy issues and activities throughout her career, including most recently through her membership on the Science, Technology Sustainability Committee at 3M. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u Franklin Covey Co. u 3M Company Business Operations Decades of executive leadership positions at AT T, including as Chief Executive Officer of AT T Business, where she successfully served customers across nearly all industries while driving business transformation and performance, extensive distribution and global and cross-functional experience in management, and a master s degree in business administration from Cornell University. Corporate Governance Experience as a director at other public companies, including in board leadership positions such as Lead Independent Director and Chair of the Nominating Committee at Franklin Covey as well as Chair of the Compensation and Talent Committee at 3M. Substantial local and national nonprofit governance and community advisory experience. Human Capital Management Extensive talent management experience through her long-tenured career including roles as chief executive officer and president with deep expertise in talent, culture, and inclusion. Currently serves as Senior Fellow and Adjunct Professor of Executive Education at Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Management. Technology/Cybersecurity Proven leadership and expertise as Chief Executive Officer of AT T Business, where she oversaw the development and deployment of the entire business portfolio suite including fiber, wireless, cloud, 5G, networking, cybersecurity, and managed and professional services including partnership ecosystems. 25 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX'S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Chairman of the board of directors of Gilbane, Inc., one of the nation s largest real estate and construction firms, since 2025, and a director since 2023. u Served as Chairman from 1999 to 2021 and President and Chief Executive Officer from 1999 to 2018, of The Haskell Company, one of the largest design- build and engineering and construction firms in the U.S. u Served as Senior Vice President of M.A. Mortenson, a national construction firm. u Served as a director from 2014 to 2025 of GuideWell Mutual Holding Corporation, a not-for-profit company that is the parent to a family of companies focused on advancing health care, including health insurance group Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Florida, for which Mr. Halverson also served as a director from 2010 to 2025. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Mr. Halverson has served as the chair of professional and business organizations such as the Construction Industry Roundtable, the Design-Build Institute of America, and the National Center for Construction Education and Research. He has also served as the chair of several civic organizations, including the Florida Council of 100, the Florida Chamber of Commerce, and the Jacksonville Civic Council. He is a certified fellow of the National Association of Corporate Directors and received certification in ESG Governance from Berkley Law School. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Audit u Oversight of financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and risk management processes in his decades-long tenure as Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of The Haskell Company and from his broader experience with the national construction industry. u Knowledge of legal, regulatory, and policymaking risks and processes through his years of leadership experience with organizations in highly regulated industries and on multiple civic councils. Also, many years of experience serving on the CSX Audit Committee. Compensation and Talent Management (Chair) u Human capital management expertise gained through his many years of leadership as President and Chief Executive Officer of The Haskell Company. Proven commitment to civic and community involvement. u Extensive service on compensation committees of public company boards, including over 15 years serving as the Chair of the CSX Compensation and Talent Management Committee. Executive u Appointed due to his role as Chair of the Compensation and Talent Management Committee. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u None Human Capital Management Expertise through his long- tenured role as chief executive officer and significant service and leadership on compensation committees focused on talent management. Business Operations Decades of relevant experience through his service as Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of The Haskell Company and executive positions with M.A. Mortenson, during which he gained extensive and unique insight on the national construction industry and, accordingly, the U.S. economy. Corporate Governance Led as Chairman of The Haskell Company and the chair of various professional, business, and civic organizations. Government/Regulatory Served on multiple civic councils, appointed boards, and commissions, through which he helped advise on and advocate for federal, state, and local economic policies. 2026 Proxy Statement 26 Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX'S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Mantle Ridge LP, an investment firm that actively stewards and assists portfolio companies, since 2016. u Serves as Vice Chairman of the board of directors of Dollar Tree. u Served as Vice Chairman of the board of directors of Aramark from 2019 to 2023. u Served as a partner and senior investment professional at Pershing Square Capital Management from 2006 to 2016. u Served as a director of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited from 2012 to 2016. u Served as Chairman and acting Chief Executive Officer of Worldtalk Communications from 1999 to 2000. u Decades worth of experience serving on or leading governance committees, compensation committees, finance committees, and executive committees of public company boards. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Mr. Hilal currently serves on the Board of Overseers of Columbia Business School and previously served on the Board of the Grameen Foundation, an umbrella organization that helps micro-lending and micro-franchise institutions empower the world s poorest through financial inclusion and entrepreneurship. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Executive u Appointed due to his role as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors. Finance u Extensive experience in senior leadership roles of investment and capital management organizations. Expertise with investment policies, capital allocation, financing, and policies and practices related to driving shareholder value. u Years of service on finance committees of public company boards, including of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and Dollar Tree, in addition to CSX. Governance and Sustainability u Corporate governance experience gained through several board leadership roles at public companies, including service as Chairman of Worldtalk Communications and Vice Chairman of the boards of CSX, Dollar Tree, and Aramark. These include more than a decades worth of experience on nominating and governance committees. Also, oversight of governance matters in his role as Founder and Chief Executive Officer of his own investment firm. u Experience with sustainability policies, strategies, and programs and political giving policies and community affairs activities through his roles as a value investor and engaged steward during corporate transformations and his service on the Board of Overseers of Columbia Business School and the Board of the Grameen Foundation. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. u Dollar Tree, Inc. Finance/Capital Allocation Extensive experience with leading capital management organizations, including control of his own capital management firm. Proven expertise as a value investor, capital allocator, and engaged director driving shareholder value. Transportation Industry/Supply Chain Management Railroad industry experience and perspective through his service as a director of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited in addition to his long tenure of service on the Board of CSX. Corporate Governance Currently serves as Vice Chairman of Dollar Tree and previously served as Vice Chairman of Aramark and Chairman of Worldtalk Communications. Over a decade of experience serving on nominating and governance committees. Human Capital Management Relevant talent management experience through his role as a chief executive officer, in senior management positions, and as a director. 27 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation from 2008 until his retirement in 2009. u Served as a Senior Advisor with The Carlyle Group, one of the world s largest and most diversified global investment firms, from 2007 to 2008. u Served as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Bancorp from 2001 to 2007, after its merger with Firststar Corporation. u Served as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Firststar Corporation from 1998 to 2001. u Served as Chief Financial Officer of StarBanc Corporation, a predecessor to Firststar Corporation, from 1993 to 1998. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Mr. Moffett serves as a trustee on the Board of Columbia Threadneedle Mutual Funds, overseeing approximately 170 funds within the Columbia Funds mutual fund complex. He also serves as a trustee for the University of Oklahoma Foundation and has served as a consultant to Bridgewater and Associates. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Audit (Chair) u Decades of experience in corporate accounting and oversight of financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, risk management processes, and internal audit functions through his significant leadership roles in the financial services and banking industry, which is a risk- intensive and highly regulated industry. Also, years of experience on audit committees of public company boards, including as the chair of the audit committee of PayPal. u Meets the qualifications of an Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined by SEC rules and regulations. Executive u Appointed due to his role as Chair of the Audit Committee. Finance u Many years of service in senior leadership roles in the banking industry, including as chief executive officer and chief financial officer. u Capital allocation and strategic financial expertise gained through his direct oversight of financial and asset management for major financial institutions. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u PayPal Holdings, Inc. Accounting/Financial Reporting Extensive expertise in corporate accounting and reporting and overseeing financial statements through decades of leading financial institutions. Finance/Capital Allocation Served for many years as a chief financial officer in the banking industry, during which he was responsible for financial and asset management. Risk/Crisis Management Served in senior management roles in the risk-intensive and highly regulated banking industry for more than 30 years and on audit committees of public company boards, including as the chair of the audit committee of PayPal. Corporate Governance Substantial leadership experience as an executive and vice chair of major financial institutions and as a trustee in connection with Columbia Funds and the University of Oklahoma Foundation. 2026 Proxy Statement 28 Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Served as Chair of Global Research at Morgan Stanley from 2011 to 2013, after having served as Global Head of Research since 2008. u Served as Chief Talent Officer at Morgan Stanley from 2006 to 2008. u Served on both the Management and the Operating Committees at Morgan Stanley. u Joined Morgan Stanley in 1987 in the Capital Markets division and was elected a managing director in 1998. u Serves on the executive leadership team of Stanford Women on Boards, whose mission is to cultivate and place exceptional women for board services. u Served on the boards of Stanford Graduate School of Business and Choate Rosemary Hall. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Ms. Riefler has served on the board of North American Partners in Anesthesia, a private equity-owned national health care company, from 2016 to 2024. She is also the former chair of an educational non-profit, Pencils of Promise, which is committed to literacy in global rural underserved communities. She is one of the executive leaders of Stanford Women on Boards and the co-author of the Leading-Edge Stewardship series. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Compensation and Talent Management u Human capital and talent management expertise acquired through her tenure as Chief Talent Officer for Morgan Stanley. Also, years of experience as the chair of the compensation committee at MSCI. u Proven commitment to diversity, pay equity, and inclusion demonstrated through her service on the executive leadership team of Stanford Women on Boards and service on the board of a non-profit committed to underserved communities. Executive u Appointed due to her role as Chair of the Governance and Sustainability Committee. Governance and Sustainability (Chair) u Extensive corporate governance experience and expertise through her service on the executive leadership team of Stanford Women on Boards and various boards, demonstrated through her leadership on considering and adopting good governance practices, including at CSX, and co-authorship of material on board governance. u Valuable insights and commitment to sustainability developed through her 20 years of service on the board of MSCI, a global leader in ESG and climate- related research and solutions, and reflected in her engagement in opportunities to stay informed on the changing industry, societal and regulatory landscapes, stakeholder expectations, and ESG issues. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u MSCI, Inc. Corporate Governance Relevant experience and perspective through her service on the executive leadership team of Stanford Women on Boards and various boards, including as the chair of the governance committee and former chair of the compensation committee at MSCI. Expertise and commitment to leadership on corporate governance reflected in her co- authorship of Stanford s Leading-Edge Stewardship pieces, as well as PWC s Effective board leadership: The art of doing it well and the risks of getting it wrong. Recognized for her outstanding work by an independent director at the 2023 Corporate Governance Awards, hosted by Governance Intelligence (formerly Corporate Secretary). Sustainability Extensive experience through 20 years service on the board of MSCI, a global leader in ESG and climate-related research and solutions. Finance/Capital Allocation In-depth knowledge of company valuation and the global capital markets through her decades of service at Morgan Stanley. Long board tenure with MSCI, a global provider of indices and decision support tools and services. Human Capital Management Expertise in talent management through her role as Chief Talent Officer at Morgan Stanley. Commitment to diversity, including in board composition, reflected through her service at Stanford Women on Boards. 29 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX'S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u President of Kilovolt Consulting, Inc., a cybersecurity strategy and technology consulting firm, since October 2013. u Retired from the U.S. Air Force (the USAF ) as a Major General in 2013, following a distinguished 31-year career. u Served as Commander of various satellite, space surveillance, and space command and control units from 1996 to 2008. u Served as Commander of the USAF Recruiting Command. u Served as Commander of the USAF s Cyber Command from 2011 to 2013. u Served as Deputy Commander for the Joint Functional Component Command-Network Warfare. u Served as the USAF Director of Plans and Policy, U.S. Cyber Command. u Inducted into the National Academy of Engineering. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Maj. Gen. (ret.) Vautrinot serves in board leadership positions at other public companies, including as Chair of the Safety, Health and Environment Committee of Ecolab, Chair of the Corporate Governance Responsibility Committee at Parsons, and former Chair of the Technology Subcommittee of the Risk Committee of Wells Fargo. She also served as a director of Norton Life Lock Inc. (formerly Symantec Corporation) from 2013 to 2019. She is currently a member of the NACD Climate Advisory Council. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Audit u Extensive cybersecurity and technology experience and expertise obtained through her distinguished service in the USAF, including as Commander of the USAF s Cyber Command, and as Deputy Commander for the Joint Functional Component Command-Network Warfare, where she influenced the development and application of critical cybersecurity technology and the oversight, creation, and protection of U.S. cyber assets. Also, over a decade of experience as the president of a cybersecurity strategy and technology consulting firm. u Deep risk and crisis management expertise through her 31-year career in leadership and commanding roles at the USAF, including defending U.S. space and cyber assets globally, and her service on the Risk Committee and as Chair of the Technology Subcommittee of the Wells Fargo board, as well as service on the board of Norton Life Lock (formerly Symantec Corporation). Also, years of experience on audit committees of public company boards. Governance and Sustainability u Oversight of governance matters as the President of Kilovolt Consulting, Inc. and through her leadership roles in the U.S. military, which includes experience in evaluating and overseeing leadership and management structures. Also, years of service in multiple board leadership positions at other public companies. u Experience with sustainability policies, strategies, and programs through her roles as Chair of the Safety, Health and Environment Committee of Ecolab and of the Corporate Governance Responsibility Committee of Parsons and on the Corporate Responsibility Committee of Wells Fargo. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u Ecolab Inc. u Parsons Corporation u Wells Fargo Company Risk/Crisis Management Extensive relevant experience through her service in the USAF in creating, operating, and protecting U.S. space and cyber assets globally. Cybersecurity Expertise Proven leadership and expertise as President of Kilovolt Consulting, Inc. and led the USAF s Cyber Command and the Joint Functional Component Command-Network Warfare. Business Operations During her 31-year career in leadership and commanding roles at the USAF, oversaw a multi-billion dollar cyber enterprise and led a workforce of 14,000 personnel conducting offensive and defensive cyber operations worldwide. Human Capital Management Expertise in workforce development and talent management through her years in USAF leadership positions and as Commander of the USAF Recruiting Service. 2026 Proxy Statement 30 Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX'S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Served as Chairman from 2006 to 2016 and President and Chief Executive Officer from 2003 until his retirement in 2015 of AK Steel Holding Corporation, a leading steel production and manufacturing company. u Joined AK Steel in 1995 as Vice President and Treasurer and was appointed Chief Financial Officer two years later. u Served in a number of leadership positions at National Steel Corporation. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE In January 2022, Mr. Wainscott was named Chair of the Council of Chief Executives, a group primarily consisting of retired Fortune 500 company CEOs. He served as Vice Chair of this organization from 2020 through 2021. He also serves on the board of directors of Parker-Hannifin, where he has been a board member since 2009 and has served as Lead Director since 2016. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Audit u Significant corporate accounting and oversight of financial reporting experience through his years of service as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Vice President and Treasurer at AK Steel Holding Corporation. Prior to AK Steel, held various finance roles of increasing responsibility at National Steel Corporation and was a Certified Public Accountant. u Meets the qualifications of an Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined by SEC rules and regulations. Finance u Oversight of various financial matters, such as capital structure, cash flows, and key financial ratios or metrics, while serving in senior leadership roles, including as a chief executive officer, a chief financial officer, and a vice president and treasurer. u In-depth knowledge of financings, capital markets, and investment policies through his decades of work and leadership at a global publicly traded company. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u Parker-Hannifin Corporation Business Operations Has held leadership roles, such as Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, at AK Steel Holding Corporation for over a decade and various other leadership positions with National Steel Corporation. Accounting/Financial Reporting In-depth knowledge through his years of service as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Vice President and Treasurer at AK Steel Holding Corporation. Corporate Governance Substantial relevant experience, including through service as Chairman of AK Steel Holding Corporation and Lead Director and Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee at Parker-Hannifin. Transportation Industry/Supply Chain Management Proven expertise and relevant perspective through his work and leadership in the steel industry. 31 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX'S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Phelps Dodge Corporation, a mining and manufacturing company, from 2000 to 2007. u Served in various leadership roles with Phelps Dodge, including as President and Chief Operating Officer, beginning in 1976. u Served as a director of International Paper Company, a leading producer of fiber- based packaging and pulp, from 2007 to 2021. u Served as a director of US Airways Group, Inc., a holding company for several major commercial airlines, from 2005 to 2011. u Served as a director of Burlington Northern Santa Fe ( BNSF ) Railway from 1995 until its acquisition by Berkshire Hathaway in 2010. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE During his tenure as Chief Executive Officer of Phelps Dodge Corporation, Mr. Whisler was instrumental in the implementation of its Zero and Beyond safety program designed to eliminate workplace injuries and its Quest for Zero process- improvement program designed to, among other things, eliminate environmental waste while enhancing product quality. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Audit u Oversight of financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and risk management processes in his roles as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Phelps Dodge Corporation. Also, in-depth knowledge of accounting and financial reporting through his status a certified public accountant. u Meets the qualifications of an Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined by SEC rules and regulations. Executive u Appointed due to his role as Chair of the Finance Committee. Finance (Chair) u Experience in various aspects of financial matters, including oversight of capital structure, cash flow, and key financial ratios, through his tenure as a chief executive officer and in other senior leadership roles. u In-depth knowledge of financings, capital markets, and investment policies through his many years of service as a director at publicly traded companies. Also, several years of experience serving on the CSX Finance Committee, including as the Chair of such committee. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u Brunswick Corporation Accounting/Financial Reporting In-depth knowledge and experience through his service in a financial reporting oversight role as chief executive officer, in combination with his status as a certified public accountant. Transportation Industry/Supply Chain Management Substantial expertise through his long tenure on the boards of BNSF Railway and US Airways Group, Inc., from which he brings years of railroad and transportation industry knowledge, respectively. Corporate Governance Extensive experience in leadership roles with Phelps Dodge Corporation, including as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and service on the governance committees of public companies, including as Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Brunswick Corporation. Served as Presiding Director of International Paper Company. Sustainability Proven commitment through leadership of the Quest for Zero program at Phelps Dodge Corporation. 2026 Proxy Statement 32 Corporate Governance | Director Nominees KEY SKILLS AND BOARD CONTRIBUTIONS THAT ADVANCE CSX'S STRATEGY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS u Currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of Aramark, a global food, facilities management, and uniform services provider, since 2019. u Served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Univar Inc., a global chemical distributor and Fortune 500 company, from 2009 to 2012, where he also served as Executive Chairman. u Served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Allied Waste Industries, from 2005 to 2008, until the merger of Allied Waste with Republic Services, Inc. u During his earlier career with Aramark, from 1986 to 2005, served in various senior executive positions, ultimately becoming President of Global Food and Support Service. u Served as a director of Reynolds American, Inc., from 2007 until its acquisition by British American Tobacco in 2017. u Served as a director of Veritiv Corporation, a full-service provider of packaging, publishing and hygiene products and a Fortune 500 company, from 2014 to 2020. u Served as a director of Performance Food Group Company, a leading food distributor and supplier, from 2015 to 2019. OTHER LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Mr. Zillmer served as a director of Liberty Capital Partners, a private equity and venture capital firm specializing in start-ups, early stage, growth equity buyouts, and acquisitions. He serves on the North American advisory board of CVC Partners. CSX COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS AND RATIONALE Compensation and Talent Management u Human capital management expertise gained through his many years of leadership as a chief executive officer at multiple public and large private companies and oversight of various aspects of large workforces, including labor relations, safety, and talent management. u Years of experience on compensation committees of public company boards. Executive u Appointed due to his role as Chair of the Board. Governance and Sustainability u Extensive corporate governance experience and expertise through his roles as a chairman and chief executive officer and as a director at several public companies. u Demonstrated leadership at companies focused on sustainability and also operational transformation. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY DIRECTORSHIPS u Ecolab Inc. u Aramark Business Operations Many years of service as a chief executive officer at multiple public and large private companies, through which he demonstrated proven operating experience and led an operational transformation that has become an industry benchmark. Corporate Governance Substantial relevant experience in his roles as chairman and chief executive officer and as a director at several companies. Human Capital Management Proven expertise as a leader of large workforces, and deep experience with labor relations, safety and talent management. Transportation Industry/Supply Chain Management Extensive leadership experience and perspective in industries with substantial logistics and supply chain components. 33 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Director Nominees John J. Zillmer Remains the Best Choice for Chair of the Board Our Board recognizes that certain shareholders continue to have concerns about the public company commitments of our Board Chair, John J. Zillmer, who is also the Chief Executive Officer of Aramark and serves on a total of three public company boards specifically, Aramark, Ecolab, and CSX. The Board has been, and continues to be, committed to closely monitoring and being transparent on this issue and to refreshing this extensive disclosure to convey the Board s most recent evaluation based in part on our shareholders feedback. Over the last year, we have again heard a broadly positive reaction to our relevant policies, practices, disclosures, and outreach, both from our shareholders and proxy advisory firms, as relayed in our engagement meetings and reflected in sustained support received by Mr. Zillmer at our 2025 Annual Meeting, which has generally increased or remained steady over recent years. After thorough consideration and assessment of Mr. Zillmer s ongoing performance in leading the Board including through (i) recent confidential annual Board evaluations submitted by each director that directly judge Mr. Zillmer s effectiveness as leader of the Board, his commitment of the appropriate amount of time, and capacity to complete his responsibilities as Chair and his responsiveness to communications, (ii) subsequent meetings between the Chair of the Governance and Sustainability Committee and each individual director for additional feedback, and (iii) the second engagement of a third-party facilitator in the prior year to solicit director feedback on these issues the Board again unanimously recommends the re-election of Mr. Zillmer at the Annual Meeting and appointed him to continue his role of Board Chair. Mr. Zillmer has been highly engaged since joining the Board in March 2017, and has attended 100% of the Board meetings and approximately 99% of his committee meetings since becoming Board Chair in January 2019, with a 100% attendance record for all such meetings again in 2025. Mr. Zillmer is a fully active participant in the Board s meetings and deliberations, is readily available for consultation with the other directors, is recognized as a leader among the Board for his responsiveness in-between meetings, and serves an important role in the strong, independent oversight of management. The results of our 2025 annual Board evaluation process reflect continued and consistent Board agreement that Mr. Zillmer is an effective leader for the Board, who commits the necessary amount of time and capacity to fulfilling his responsibilities as Chair. In the context of the past year of challenges and changes for the Company and the industry, our directors indicated that Mr. Zillmer remains committed to the Board, provides valuable leadership, and devotes substantial time to his directorship and leadership role on the Board. During his tenure as our Board Chair, approximately 10 months into which he was appointed Chief Executive Officer and a director of Aramark and the whole time of which he simultaneously served as a director of Ecolab (a position which he has held since 2006), Mr. Zillmer has successfully helped lead the Company, the Board and management through multiple major events. This includes a business transformation consisting of both an operational transformation in the adoption of scheduled railroading and a growth transformation the COVID-19 pandemic, the rollout of new, company-wide cultural initiatives, and labor negotiations. He did this all while maintaining his role as a dependable and stabilizing force for CSX, particularly during prior periods of change and turmoil. Mr. Zillmer s leadership experience was particularly helpful in 2025 as the Company faced various changes, including shifts in the industry landscape, political and regulatory transitions, dynamic market conditions, increasing operational demands, and leadership transitions. Besides his proven high level of engagement and consistent exemplary performance as Board Chair, Mr. Zillmer is uniquely qualified, and his skills and experiences especially on business optimization and improvement, labor relations, safety, executive compensation, talent management, logistics, and supply chains positively contribute to our full Board s composition. Moreover, our Board understands that while Mr. Zillmer s obligations at Aramark and Ecolab are meaningful, they are familiar and manageable for him based on his substantial experience at those companies. Overall, our Board uniformly and overwhelmingly believes that Mr. Zillmer remains the best choice for Chair of the Board of CSX. Mr. Zillmer s ongoing service as our Board Chair continues to be important as we progress on our overall business growth strategy and specific core business strategic initiatives aimed at generating sustained profitable growth. Our Board strongly believes that Mr. Zillmer has demonstrated, and will continue to demonstrate, his ability to devote the sufficient time and capacity needed to carry out his Board duties effectively, including those as Chair of the Board. The Board intends to actively evaluate Mr. Zillmer s performance, and, should Mr. Zillmer be unwilling or unable to continue to maintain the level of engagement necessary to fulfill his responsibilities to CSX, the Board will reconsider its decision. 2026 Proxy Statement 34 Corporate Governance | Board and Committee Structure Board and Committee Structure Our Board of Directors believes that based on the Company s current circumstances and having taken into account feedback from our shareholders the positions of Board Chair and CEO should be separate, with the Board Chair role being filled by an independent director. The Board recognizes that circumstances do change and will periodically review this structure. The Board also believes that its approach to risk oversight, as more fully discussed below in Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight, helps ensure that the Board is able to effectively perform its risk oversight responsibilities under various leadership structures. Additionally, our Board leadership is currently designed such that the Chair of the Board is assisted by a Vice Chair. The division of duties between these two positions is outlined below. John J. Zillmer Chair of the Board Paul C. Hilal Vice Chair of the Board RESPONSIBILITIES: u Calling special meetings of the Board; u Presiding at all meetings of the Board and shareholders; u Approving the agendas and schedules for meetings of the Board in consultation with the Vice Chair of the Board; u Guiding Board discussions and facilitating discussions between the Board and the Company s management; u Interacting with the Company s analysts, investors, employees, and other key constituencies; and u Keeping the Vice Chair informed, and consulting with the Vice Chair as to material developments regarding CSX. RESPONSIBILITIES: u Providing input on the agendas and schedules for meetings of the Board; u Assisting in guiding Board discussions and facilitating communication between the Board and the Company s management; u Interacting with the Company s analysts, investors, employees, and other key constituencies; u Performing the duties of Board Chair in the absence or at the request of the Board Chair; and u Keeping the Board Chair informed, and consulting with the Board Chair as to material internal and external discussions the Vice Chair has and material developments the Vice Chair learns about the Company and the Board. The Board has five standing committees: the Audit Committee; the Compensation and Talent Management Committee; the Executive Committee; the Finance Committee; and the Governance and Sustainability Committee. Each of these committees has a written charter approved by the Board, a copy of which can be found on the Company s website at http://investors.csx.com under the heading Governance Documents. Other than our Executive Committee, all standing committees review their respective charters at least annually, and any changes are recommended to our full Board for approval. Committee chairs and memberships are generally rotated on a regular basis. In 2025, the committee memberships for several of our directors were rotated. The Governance and Sustainability Committee reviews and recommends to the Board any changes to the Board s committee structure, committee membership, or committee chairs, as appropriate. 35 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance | Board and Committee Structure 100% INDEPENDENT MEMBERS 2025 COMMITTEE MEMBERS: David M. Moffett (Chair) Donna M. Alvarado Steven T. Halverson Suzanne M. Vautrinot James L. Wainscott J. Steven Whisler KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: u Assisting the Board with oversight of: (i) the integrity of the Company s financial statements and accounting methodology; (ii) the Company s internal controls over financial reporting; (iii) the business risk management process; (iv) the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (v) the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s qualifications, independence, and performance; and (vi) the performance of the Company s internal audit function u Recommending the appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Board s approval and ultimately the shareholders ratification u Approval of the compensation and fees of and all services performed by the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm u Oversight of the Company s internal audit department u Reviewing the scope and methodology of the proposed audits with the independent and internal auditors and senior management u Reviewing the Company s financial statements and monitoring the Company s internal controls over financial reporting u Establishing and maintaining procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints regarding the Company s accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters u Oversight of the Company s Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) program u Reviewing information security risk, mitigation strategies, and overall resiliency of the Company s technology infrastructure as part of its risk oversight responsibilities The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including the Company s balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement. Messrs. Moffett, Wainscott, and Whisler have been designated as audit committee financial experts, as that term is defined by Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules and regulations. Please refer to the Report of the Audit Committee beginning on page 57 of this Proxy Statement for additional information. KEY MEMBERS SKILLS: Accounting/Financial Reporting Risk/Crisis Management Government/Regulatory ROTATED OFF (MAY 2025): u Donna M. Alvarado JOINED (MAY 2025): u James L. Wainscott CURRENT COMMITTEE MEMBERS: David M. Moffett (Chair) Steven T. Halverson Suzanne M. Vautrinot James L. Wainscott J. Steven Whisler 2026 Proxy Statement 36 Corporate Governance | Board and Committee Structure 100% INDEPENDENT MEMBERS 2025 COMMITTEE MEMBERS: Steven T. Halverson (Chair) Donna M. Alvarado Thomas P. Bostick Anne H. Chow Linda H. Riefler James L. Wainscott John J. Zillmer KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: u Assisting management with the development of and overseeing the executive compensation and talent management philosophy, strategy, and design for the Company on behalf of the Board u Regularly reviewing, approving, or recommending Board approval of and monitoring executive compensation policies, practices, and plans, and evaluating the associated financial impact and risks to the Company u Reviewing and, as appropriate, approving incentive plan structure, vesting, performance measures, performance targets, payout curves, and payouts under the Company s performance-based short and long-term incentive plans u Reviewing goals and objectives relevant to compensation for the CEO, evaluating the CEO s performance in light of those goals and objectives and, as directed by the Board, setting the level of compensation of the CEO based on the overall performance evaluation, among other factors, in consultation with the Board u Annual approval of the compensation for the other Section 16 Officers u Reviewing the Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) section and associated compensation tables of this Proxy Statement and, as appropriate, recommending Board approval of the inclusion of the CD A section and associated tables in the Proxy Statement and the incorporation by reference of th