=== [ER] edgar_0000277948-26-000013_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_q12026.htm EX-99.1 - PRESS RELEASE Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces First Quarter 2026 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. April 22, 2026 CSX Corp. (NASDAQ CSX) today announced first quarter 2026 operating income of $1.25 billion and net earnings of $807 million, or $0.43 per diluted share. In the first quarter of 2025, the company reported operating income of $1.04 billion and net earnings of $646 million, or $0.34 per diluted share. Total volume of 1.56 million units for the quarter was 3% higher compared to first quarter 2025. Revenue totaled $3.48 billion for the quarter, increasing 2% year-over-year, as higher merchandise pricing, intermodal volume growth, higher domestic coal revenue, and increased fuel surcharge revenue were partially offset by a decrease in export coal revenue, including the impact of lower benchmark rates. CSX performed well this quarter by providing reliable and efficient service to our customers through changing market conditions, while improving our expense profile, said Steve Angel, president and chief executive officer. As we remain disciplined on costs and take advantage of opportunities for profitable growth, we continue to make progress toward best-in-class performance. I am encouraged by our railroad s prospects for this year and over the long term. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this afternoon, April 22, at 4 30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter in 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the company s website at investors.csx.com. Following the earnings call, a webcast replay of the presentation will be archived on the company website. This earnings announcement, as well as additional detailed financial information, is contained in the CSX Quarterly Financial Report available through the company s website at investors.csx.com and on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About CSX and its Disclosures CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products. For nearly 200 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development. Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly two-thirds of the nation's population resides. It also links approximately 250 short-line railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at investors.csx.com . CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on X, formerly known as Twitter, ( x.com CSX ) and on Facebook ( facebook.com OfficialCSX ). The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time. More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com . Non-GAAP Disclosure CSX reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CSX also uses certain non-GAAP measures that fall within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. Non-GAAP measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Therefore, CSX s non-GAAP measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Forward-looking Statements This information and other statements by the company may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act with respect to, among other items projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes, liquidity, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases or other financial items, statements of management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved, statements concerning proposed new services, and statements regarding future economic, industry or market conditions or performance. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as will, should, believe, expect, anticipate, project, estimate, preliminary and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. If the company updates any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual performance or results could differ materially from that anticipated by any forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statements include, among others (i) the company's success in implementing its financial and operational initiatives (ii) changes in domestic or international economic, political or business conditions, including those affecting the transportation industry (such as the impact of industry competition, conditions, performance and consolidation) (iii) legislative or r

=== [ER] edgar_0000277948-26-000003_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_q42025.htm EX-99.1 - PRESS RELEASE Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. January 22, 2026 CSX Corp. (NASDAQ CSX) today announced fourth quarter 2025 operating income of $1.11 billion and net earnings of $720 million, or $0.39 per share. Fourth quarter operating income and earnings per share include approximately $50 million and $0.02, respectively, in expenses related to severance and rationalization of specific technology investments. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the company reported operating income of $1.11 billion and net earnings of $733 million, or $0.38 per share. Excluding a pre-tax, non-cash goodwill impairment charge, adjusted operating income was $1.21 billion and adjusted net earnings were $815 million, or $0.42 per share, in the prior year quarter. 1 Our quarterly results reflect the subdued industrial demand environment and actions taken to adjust our cost structure, said Steve Angel, president and chief executive officer. CSX has a strong operational foundation, and we are positioned to deliver improved financial performance in 2026 as we focus on driving productivity, cost control, and capital discipline while continuing to provide safe and reliable service. Fourth Quarter Financia l Highlights 1 Revenue totaled $3.51 billion for the quarter, decreasing 1% year-over-year, as the effects of lower merchandise volume and reduced export coal revenue offset higher pricing in merchandise and intermodal, an increase in intermodal volume, and higher fuel surcharge revenue. Operating income was $1.11 billion, compared to adjusted operating income of $1.21 billion in the prior year. Operating margin was 31.6%, compared to operating margin of 31.3% and adjusted operating margin of 34.3% in the fourth quarter of 2024. EPS was $0.39, compared to adjusted EPS of $0.42 in the prior year. Fourth quarter operating income and EPS include $50 million and $0.02, respectively, in severance and technology rationalization expense. Full Year 2025 Financia l Highlights 1 Revenue totaled $14.09 billion in 2025. Operating income was $4.52 billion, and adjusted operating income was $4.69 billion, excluding a $164 million goodwill impairment charge in the third quarter. CSX s operating margin was 32.1% for the full year, and adjusted operating margin was 33.2%. EPS was $1.54, and adjusted EPS was $1.61. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this afternoon, Jan. 22, at 4 30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . Following the earnings call, a webcast replay of the presentation will be archived on the company website. This earnings announcement, as well as additional detailed financial information, is contained in the CSX Quarterly Financial Report available through the company s website at http investors.csx.com and on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 1 See the Non-GAAP Measures section of the quarterly financial report for non-GAAP reconciliations and additional information. About CSX and its Disclosures CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products. For nearly 200 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development. Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly two-thirds of the nation's population resides. It also links more than 240 short-line railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on X, formerly known as Twitter, ( http twitter.com CSX ) and on Facebook ( http www.facebook.com OfficialCSX ). The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time. More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com. Non-GAAP Disclosure CSX reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CSX also uses certain non-GAAP measures that fall within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. Non-GAAP measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Therefore, CSX s non-GAAP measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Forward-looking Statements This information and other statements by the company may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act with respect to, among other items projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes, liquidity, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases or other financial items, statements of management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved, statements concerning proposed new services, and statements regarding future economic, indus

=== [ER] edgar_0000277948-25-000053_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_q32025.htm EX-99.1 - PRESS RELEASE Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces Third Quarter 2025 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. October 16, 2025 CSX Corp. (NASDAQ CSX) today announced third quarter operating income of $1.09 billion and net earnings of $694 million, or $0.37 per share. Excluding a non-cash goodwill impairment of $164 million in this year s third quarter results, adjusted operating income was $1.25 billion and adjusted net earnings were $818 million, or $0.44 per share. In the third quarter of 2024, the company reported operating income of $1.35 billion and net earnings of $894 million, or $0.46 per share. In the quarter, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share included $35 million and $0.01, respectively, in corporate restructuring, severance, and advisory expenses. Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures 1 For the Quarter ended Sept. 30, 2025 Dollars in millions, except per share amounts Operating Income Operating Margin Net Earnings Net Earnings Per Share, Assuming Dilution GAAP Operating Results $ 1,087 30.3% $ 694 $ 0.37 Goodwill Impairment 164 4.6% 124 0.07 Adjusted Operating Results (Non-GAAP) $ 1,251 34.9% $ 818 $ 0.44 This quarter s operational performance reflects the dedication of our workforce and our commitment to running the best railroad in North America, said President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Angel. We are proud that the network is operating well, and we see clear opportunities to leverage that operational strength moving forward. Looking ahead, CSX is well-positioned to build on this momentum to deliver long-term profitable growth and create value for our shareholders. Volume totaled 1.61 million units for the quarter, up 1% compared to third quarter 2024 and up 2% sequentially. Revenue totaled $3.59 billion for the quarter, decreasing 1% year-over-year, as the effects of lower export coal prices and a decline in merchandise volume were partially offset by increases in other revenue, higher pricing in merchandise, and intermodal volume growth. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this afternoon, October 16, at 4 30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . Following the earnings call, a webcast replay of the presentation will be archived on the company website. This earnings announcement, as well as additional detailed financial information, is contained in the CSX Quarterly Financial Report available through the company s website at http investors.csx.com and on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 1 See the Non-GAAP Measures section of the quarterly financial report for additional information About CSX and its Disclosures CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products. For nearly 200 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development. Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly two-thirds of the nation's population resides. It also links more than 240 short-line railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on X, formerly known as Twitter, ( http twitter.com CSX ) and on Facebook ( http www.facebook.com OfficialCSX ). The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time. More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com . Non-GAAP Disclosure CSX reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CSX also uses certain non-GAAP measures that fall within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. Non-GAAP measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Therefore, CSX s non-GAAP measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Forward-looking Statements This information and other statements by the company may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act with respect to, among other items projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes, liquidity, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases or other financial items, statements of management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved, statements concerning proposed new services, and statements regarding future economic, industry or market conditions or performance. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as will, should, believe, expect, anticipate, project, estimate, preliminary and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. If the c

=== [ER] edgar_0000277948-25-000043_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_q22025.htm EX-99.1 - PRESS RELEASE Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces Second Quarter 2025 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. July 23, 2025 CSX Corp. (NASDAQ CSX) today announced second quarter 2025 operating income of $1.28 billion compared to $1.45 billion in the prior year period. Net income was $829 million, or $0.44 per diluted share, compared to $963 million, or $0.49 per diluted share, in the same period last year. Total volume of 1.58 million units for the quarter was flat compared to second quarter 2024 and up 4% sequentially. The skill and commitment of CSX s railroaders enabled us to deliver significant sequential improvements in network fluidity and cost efficiency that are apparent in our financial results, said Joe Hinrichs, president and chief executive officer. While uncertainty continues to impact select industrial markets, we remain focused on completing two major infrastructure projects that will strengthen our position to execute on many profitable growth opportunities ahead. Second Quarter Financia l Highlights Revenue totaled $3.57 billion for the quarter, decreasing 3% year-over-year, as the effects of lower export coal prices, reduced fuel surcharge, and a decline in merchandise volume were only partially offset by higher merchandise pricing, an increase in other revenue, and growth in intermodal volume. Operating income of $1.28 billion decreased 11% compared to the same period in 2024. CSX s operating margin was 35.9% for the quarter, decreasing by 320 basis points year-over-year but increasing by 550 basis points sequentially. EPS of $0.44 decreased 10% compared to the prior year while increasing 29% from the previous quarter. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this afternoon, July 23, at 4 30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . Following the earnings call, a webcast replay of the presentation will be archived on the company website. This earnings announcement, as well as additional detailed financial information, is contained in the CSX Quarterly Financial Report available through the company s website at http investors.csx.com and on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About CSX and its Disclosures CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products. For nearly 200 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development. Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly two-thirds of the nation's population resides. It also links more than 240 short-line railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on X, formerly known as Twitter, ( http twitter.com CSX ) and on Facebook ( http www.facebook.com OfficialCSX ). The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time. More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com . Non-GAAP Disclosure CSX reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CSX also uses certain non-GAAP measures that fall within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. Non-GAAP measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Therefore, CSX s non-GAAP measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Forward-looking Statements This information and other statements by the company may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act with respect to, among other items projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes, liquidity, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases or other financial items, statements of management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved, statements concerning proposed new services, and statements regarding future economic, industry or market conditions or performance. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as will, should, believe, expect, anticipate, project, estimate, preliminary and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. If the company updates any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual performance or results could differ materially from that anticipated by any forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those 

=== [ER] edgar_0000277948-25-000027_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_q12025.htm EX-99.1 - PRESS RELEASE Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces First Quarter 2025 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. April 16, 2025 CSX Corp. (NASDAQ CSX) today announced first quarter 2025 operating income of $1.04 billion compared to $1.34 billion in the prior year period. Net income was $646 million, or $0.34 per diluted share, compared to $880 million, or $0.45 per diluted share, in the same period last year. 1 Total volume of 1.52 million units for the quarter was 1% lower compared to first quarter 2024. Revenue totaled $3.42 billion for the quarter, decreasing 7% year-over-year, as declines in coal revenue, fuel surcharge, and merchandise volume were only partially offset by the effects of higher merchandise pricing and growth in intermodal volume. CSX faced operational challenges to start the year, which contributed to first quarter results that did not meet our expectations, said Joe Hinrichs, president and chief executive officer. In response, our talented and dedicated team of railroaders are working together to lift our performance and drive success through an uncertain market outlook. We are taking targeted actions to address the network constraints posed by two major ongoing infrastructure projects, and we remain committed to safely and reliably serving our customers. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this af ternoon, April 16, at 4 30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter in 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . Following the earnings call, a webcast replay of the presentation will be archived on the company website. This earnings announcement, as well as additional detailed financial information, is contained in the CSX Quarterly Financial Report available through the company s website at http investors.csx.com and on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 1 Year-over-year comparisons for operating income and earnings per share utilize revised financial results for past periods, as described in the annual report filed on Form 10-K. About CSX and its Disclosures CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products. For nearly 200 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development. Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly two-thirds of the nation's population resides. It also links more than 240 short-line railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on X, formerly known as Twitter, ( http twitter.com CSX ) and on Facebook ( http www.facebook.com OfficialCSX ). The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time. More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com . Non-GAAP Disclosure CSX reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CSX also uses certain non-GAAP measures that fall within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. Non-GAAP measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Therefore, CSX s non-GAAP measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Forward-looking Statements This information and other statements by the company may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act with respect to, among other items projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes, liquidity, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases or other financial items, statements of management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved, statements concerning proposed new services, and statements regarding future economic, industry or market conditions or performance. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as will, should, believe, expect, anticipate, project, estimate, preliminary and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. If the company updates any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual performance or results could differ materially from that anticipated by any forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statements include, among others (i) the company's success in implementing its financial and operational initiatives (ii) changes in domestic or interna

=== [ER] edgar_0000277948-25-000004_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_q42024.htm EX-99.1 - PRESS RELEASE Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. January 23, 2025 CSX Corp. (NASDAQ CSX) today announced fourth quarter 2024 operating income of $1.11 billion compared to $1.32 billion in the prior year period. Net income was $733 million, or $0.38 per diluted share, compared to $882 million, or $0.45 per diluted share, in the same period last year. Results for the fourth quarter include a pre-tax, non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $108 million. Total volume of 1.58 million units for the quarter was 1% higher compared to fourth quarter 2023. For the full year 2024, CSX operating income of $5.25 billion was down 5% from the previous year. Net income for the year was $3.47 billion, or $1.79 per share, compared to $3.67 billion, or $1.82 per share, in 2023. Adjusted for the goodwill impairment charge, operating income was $1.21 billion for the quarter and $5.35 billion for the year. Adjusted net income was $815 million, or $0.42 per diluted share, for the quarter and $3.55 billion, or $1.83 per diluted share, for the full year. While 2024 had its challenges, I am proud of how the ONE CSX team responded. We managed through substantial impacts from major hurricanes and the Key Bridge outage early in the year and remained focused on delivering industry-leading customer satisfaction, said Joe Hinrichs, president and chief executive officer. We will remain disciplined in delivering safety, service, and operating efficiency performance as we invest in the strength and capabilities of our network this year, and we look forward to delivering on the profitable growth opportunities ahead of us. Fourth Quarter Financia l Highlights 1, 2 Revenue totaled $3.54 billion for the quarter, decreasing 4% year-over-year, as declines in fuel surcharge and coal revenue offset the effects of higher pricing and volume in merchandise and volume growth in intermodal. Operating income was $1.11 billion, including a goodwill impairment charge of $108 million, and adjusted operating income was $1.21 billion. CSX s operating margin was 31.3% for the quarter, and adjusted operating margin was 34.3%. EPS of $0.38 and adjusted EPS of $0.42, which compared to earnings of $0.45 per share the prior year quarter. Full Year 2024 Financia l Highlights 1, 2 Revenue totaled $14.54 billion in 2024, decreasing 1% year-over-year. Operating income was $5.25 billion, including a goodwill impairment charge, and adjusted operating income was $5.35 billion. CSX s operating margin was 36.1% for the full year, and adjusted operating margin was 36.8%. EPS of $1.79 and adjusted EPS of $1.83, which compared to earnings of $1.82 per share in the prior year. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this afternoon, January 23, at 4 30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter in 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . Following the earnings call, a webcast replay of the presentation will be archived on the company website. This earnings announcement, as well as additional detailed financial information, is contained in the CSX Quarterly Financial Report available through the company s website at http investors.csx.com and on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 1 Year-over-year comparisons for operating income and earnings per share utilize revised financial results for past periods, as described in the notes of our quarterly financial report. 2 See the Non-GAAP Measures section of the quarterly financial report for non-GAAP reconciliations and additional information. About CSX and its Disclosures CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products. For nearly 200 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development. Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly two-thirds of the nation's population resides. It also links more than 240 short-line railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on X, formerly known as Twitter, ( http twitter.com CSX ) and on Facebook ( http www.facebook.com OfficialCSX ). The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time. More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com. Non-GAAP Disclosure CSX reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CSX also uses certain non-GAAP measures that fall within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. Non-GAAP measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Therefore, CSX s non-GAAP measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Forward-looking Statements This information and other statements by the company may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 

=== [ER] edgar_0000277948-24-000052_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_q32024.htm EX-99.1 PRESS RELEASE Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces Third Quarter 2024 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. October 16, 2024 CSX Corp. (NASDAQ CSX) today announced third quarter 2024 operating income of $1.35 billion compared to $1.27 billion in the prior year period. Net earnings were $894 million, or $0.46 per diluted share, compared to $828 million, or $0.41 per diluted share, in the same period last year. Total volume of 1.59 million units for the quarter was 3% higher compared to third quarter 2023. CSX's commitment to excellent service allowed us to deliver meaningful growth in volume, operating income, and operating margin in the third quarter said Joe Hinrichs, president and chief executive officer. Over the last several weeks CSX, along wi th many of the communities in which we operate, was presented with significant challenges brought about by the recent hurricanes. Thanks to the dedication of our employees, our network has remained flexible and resilient, and we remain ready to meet our customers needs as they increasingly favor the efficiency and reliability being delivered by the ONE CSX team. Third Quarter Financia l Highlights 1 Revenue totaled $3.62 billion for the quarter, an increase of 1% year-over-year, as growth in merchandise and intermodal volume, as well as merchandise pricing gains, were partially offset by a decline in coal revenue (including the effects of lower global benchmark prices), lower fuel surcharge, and a reduction in other revenue. Operating income of $1.35 billion increased 7% compared to the same period in 2023. CSX s operating margin was 37.4% for the quarter, increasing 180 basis points year-over-year. Diluted EPS of $0.46 increased 12% compared to the prior year quarter. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this afternoon, October 16, at 4 30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter in 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . Following the earnings call, a webcast replay of the presentation will be archived on the company website. This earnings announcement, as well as additional detailed financial information, is contained in the CSX Quarterly Financial Report available through the company s website at http investors.csx.com and on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 1 Year-over-year comparisons for operating income and earnings per share utilize revised financial results for past periods, as described in the notes of our quarterly financial report. About CSX and its Disclosures CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products. For nearly 200 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development. Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly two-thirds of the nation's population resides. It also links more than 240 short-line railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on X, formerly known as Twitter, ( http twitter.com CSX ) and on Facebook ( http www.facebook.com OfficialCSX ). The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time. More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com . Non-GAAP Disclosure CSX reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CSX also uses certain non-GAAP measures that fall within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. Non-GAAP measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Therefore, CSX s non-GAAP measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Forward-looking Statements This information and other statements by the company may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act with respect to, among other items projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes, liquidity, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases or other financial items, statements of management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved, statements concerning proposed new services, and statements regarding future economic, industry or market conditions or performance. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as will, should, believe, expect, anticipate, project, estimate, preliminary and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. If the company updates any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statemen

=== [ER] edgar_0000277948-24-000046_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_q22024.htm EX-99.1 - PRESS RELEASE Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces Second Quarter 2024 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. August 5, 2024 CSX Corp. (NASDAQ CSX) today announced Second quarter 2024 operating income of $1.45 billion compared to $1.47 billion in the prior year period. Net earnings were $963 million , or $0.49 per diluted share, compared to $984 million, or $0.49 per diluted share, in the same period last year. Total volume of 1.58 million units for the quarter was 2% higher compared to second quarter 2023. CSX remained focused on efficiently serving our customers over the second quarter, allowing us to deliver strong sequential increases in volume, operating income, margin, and earnings per share, said Joe Hinrichs, president and chief executive officer. I am proud of our railroad s performance, including our team s effective response to the disruptions at the Port of Baltimore. As we continue to execute through shifting markets, CSX is well-positioned to achieve solid year-over-year margin expansion over the remainder of 2024. Second Quarter Financial Highlights 1 Revenue totaled $3.70 billion for the quarter, which was flat year-over-year as the positive effects of merchandise pricing gains and growth in intermodal and merchandise volume were offset by declines in export coal prices, a reduction in other revenue, and lower fuel surcharge. Operating income of $1.45 billion decreased 1% compared to the same period in 2023 while increasing 8% from Q1 2024. CSX s operating margin was 39.1% for the quarter, declining 50 basis points year-over-year but increasing 280 basis points sequentially. Diluted EPS of $0.49 was flat compared to the prior year but increased 9% compared to the previous quarter. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this afternoon, August 5, at 4 30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter in 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . Following the earnings call, a webcast replay of the presentation will be archived on the company website. This earnings announcement, as well as additional detailed financial information, is contained in the CSX Quarterly Financial Report available through the company s website at http investors.csx.com and on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 1 Year-over-year and sequential comparisons for operating income and earnings per share utilize revised financial results for past periods, as described in the notes of our quarterly financial report. About CSX and its Disclosures CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products. For nearly 200 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development. Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly two-thirds of the nation's population resides. It also links more than 240 short-line railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on X, formerly known as Twitter, ( http twitter.com CSX ) and on Facebook ( http www.facebook.com OfficialCSX ). The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time. More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com . Non-GAAP Disclosure CSX reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CSX also uses certain non-GAAP measures that fall within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. Non-GAAP measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Therefore, CSX s non-GAAP measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Forward-looking Statements This information and other statements by the company may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act with respect to, among other items projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes, liquidity, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases or other financial items, statements of management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved, statements concerning proposed new services, and statements regarding future economic, industry or market conditions or performance. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as will, should, believe, expect, anticipate, project, estimate, preliminary and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. If the company updates any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statements.

=== [ER] edgar_0000277948-24-000030_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_q12024.htm EX-99.1 - PRESS RELEASE Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces First Quarter 2024 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. April 17, 2024 CSX Corp. (NASDAQ CSX) today announced first quarter 2024 operating income of $1.35 billion compared to $1.46 billion in the prior year period. Net earnings were $893 million , or $0.46 per diluted share, compared to $987 million, or $0.48 per diluted share, in the same period last year. Total volume of 1.53 million units for the quarter was 3% higher compared to first quarter 2023, with intermodal volume up 7%, coal volume up 2%, and merchandise volume flat. Working together, the ONE CSX team delivered a good start to the year that was in-line with our expectations, said Joe Hinrichs, president and chief executive officer. We were pleased to see our consistent customer service performance lead to volume growth, and we remain focused on improving the reliability and fluidity of our network. Looking ahead, with favorable trends across many of the markets we serve, we are eager to build on our momentum over the rest of the year and beyond. First Quarter Financial Highlights Revenue totaled $3.68 billion for the quarter, declining 1% year-over-year as lower fuel surcharge, a decline in other revenue, weaker trucking revenue, and reduced export coal prices offset gains in merchandise pricing and higher intermodal and coal volumes. First quarter revenue was flat sequentially. Operating income of $1.35 billion decreased 8% compared to the same period in 2023 but increased 3% from Q4 2023. CSX s operating margin was 36.8% for the quarter, declining 270 basis points year-over-year but increasing 90 basis points sequentially. Diluted EPS of $0.46 decreased 4% from $0.48 in the prior year but increased 2% compared to the previous quarter. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this afternoon, April 17, at 4 30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter in 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . Following the earnings call, a webcast replay of the presentation will be archived on the company website. This earnings announcement, as well as additional detailed financial information, is contained in the CSX Quarterly Financial Report available through the company s website at http investors.csx.com and on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About CSX and its Disclosures CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products. For nearly 200 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development. Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly two-thirds of the nation's population resides. It also links more than 240 short-line railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at http investors.csx.com . CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on X, formerly known as Twitter, ( http twitter.com CSX ) and on Facebook ( http www.facebook.com OfficialCSX ). The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time. More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com . Non-GAAP Disclosure CSX reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CSX also uses certain non-GAAP measures that fall within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. Non-GAAP measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Therefore, CSX s non-GAAP measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Forward-looking Statements This information and other statements by the company may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act with respect to, among other items projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes, liquidity, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases or other financial items, statements of management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved, statements concerning proposed new services, and statements regarding future economic, industry or market conditions or performance. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as will, should, believe, expect, anticipate, project, estimate, preliminary and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. If the company updates any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual performance or results could differ materially from tha

=== [ER] edgar_0000277948-24-000003_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pressrelease_q42023.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. January 24, 2024 CSX Corp. (NASDAQ CSX) today announced fourth quarter 2023 operating income of $1.32 billion compared to $1.46 billion in the prior year period . Net earnings were $886 million , or $0.45 per diluted share, compared to $1.02 billion, or $0.49 per diluted share, in the same period last year. Total volume of 1.56 million units for the quarter was 1% higher compared to 2022, with Merchandise volume up 3%, Coal volume up 3%, and Intermodal volume flat. For the full year 2023, CSX operating income of $5.56 billion was down 8% from the previous year. Net earnings for the year were $3.72 billion, or $1.85 per share, compared to $4.17 billion, or $1.95 per share, in 2022. Throughout 2023, our railroad demonstrated reliable, industry-leading network performance, and the ONE CSX team delivered consistent results through a dynamic economic environment by focusing on excellent customer service, said Joe Hinrichs, president and chief executive officer. Our railroad is running well, we have the right team and resources in place, and we look forward to building on our positive momentum with profitable growth over this next year. Fourth Quarter Financial Highlights Revenue totaled $3.68 billion for the quarter, declining 1% year-over-year a s the effects of volume growth and favorable merchandise pricing were more than offset by lower intermodal storage revenue, reduced fuel surcharge, the effect of lower global benchmark coal prices, and a decline in trucking revenue. Operating income of $1.32 billion decreased 10% compared to the same period in 2022. CSX's operating ratio was 64.1% for the quarter. Diluted EPS of $0.45 decreased 8% from $0.49 in the prior year. Full Year 2023 Financial Highlights Revenue total ed $14.66 billion in 2023, decreasing 1% year-over-year as the impacts of a decline in intermodal storage revenue, reduced fuel surcharge, lower global benchmark coal prices, and a decrease in intermodal volume more than offset contributions from stronger merchandise pricing and higher merchandise and coal volume. Operating income of $5.56 billion decreased 8 % compared to 2022, with last year's results inclusive of gains of $144 million from the property sale agreement with the Commonwealth of Virginia. CSX's operating ratio was 62.1% for the full year 2023. Diluted EPS of $1.85 decreased 5% from $1.95 in the prior year. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this afternoon, January 24, at 4 30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter in 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the c