=== INTU_2025-11-26.htm.gz ===
intu-20251126 0000896878 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD 0000896878 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 2023-08-01 2024-07-31 0000896878 2022-08-01 2023-07-31 0000896878 2021-08-01 2022-07-31 0000896878 2020-08-01 2021-07-31 0000896878 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 1 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 2 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 0000896878 3 2024-08-01 2025-07-31 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 INTUIT INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s MISSION Powering Prosperity Around the World VALUES Integrity Without Compromise Courage Customer Obsession Stronger Together We Care and Give Back BOLD 2030 GOALS Prosperity Double household savings rate and improve business success rate 20 points versus industry Reputation Best-in-class Most Trusted Company Growth Accelerating revenue growth to 20% TRUE NORTH GOALS Employees Empower the world's top talent to do the best work of their lives Customers Delight customers by solving the problems that matter most Communities Make a difference in the communities we serve Shareholders Drive long-term growth, increasing shareholder value STRATEGY Al-Driven Expert Platform More Money. No Work. Complete Confidence. BIG BETS Deliver done-for-you experiences Accelerate money benefits Fuel success for mid-market businesses T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Agenda and Board Recommendations DATE AND TIME Thursday, January 22, 2026 8:00 a.m. Pacific Standard Time 1 Election of 11 directors FOR (all nominees) Page 24 LOCATION Live audio webcast www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/INTU2026 2 Advisory vote to approve Intuit s executive compensation (say-on-pay) FOR Page 36 3 Ratification of selection of Ernst Young LLP as Intuit s independent registered public accounting firm FOR Page 76 RECORD DATE November 24, 2025 4 Consider and vote upon a stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the Meeting AGAINST Page 79 How to Vote Online at the Meeting: Attend the Meeting virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/INTU2026 and follow the instructions on the website Online Before the Meeting: Visit www.proxyvote.com Mail : Sign, date, and return your proxy card in the enclosed envelope Telephone: Call the telephone number on your proxy card Note for Street-Name Holders: If you hold your shares through a broker, bank or other nominee, you must instruct your nominee how to vote the shares held in your account. The nominee will give you a Notice of Internet Availability or voting instruction form. If you do not provide voting instructions, your nominee will not be permitted to vote on certain proposals and may elect not to vote on any of the proposals. Voting your shares will help to ensure that your interests are represented at the Meeting. We also will consider any other matters that may properly be brought before the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ( Meeting ) (and any postponements or adjournments of the Meeting). As of the date of this proxy statement, we have not received notice of any such matters. Annual Meeting of Stockholders Thursday, January 22, 2026 8:00 a.m. Pacific Standard Time We invite you to attend the Meeting of Intuit Inc. The Meeting will be conducted virtually via live audio webcast. There will not be a physical location for our Meeting. To attend, vote or submit questions, stockholders of record should go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/INTU2026 and log in using the control number on their Notice of Internet Availability or proxy card. Beneficial owners of shares held by a broker, bank or other nominee ( street-name holders ) should review these proxy materials and their Notice of Internet Availability or voting instruction form for how to vote in advance of and participate in the Meeting. We encourage you to join the Meeting 15 minutes before the start time. A recording of the webcast will be available on our investor relations website for at least 60 days following the Meeting. Stockholders at the close of business on November 24, 2025, are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Meeting and any and all adjournments, continuations or postponements thereof. If we experience a technical malfunction or other situation that the Meeting chair determines may affect our ability to satisfy the requirements for a virtual meeting of stockholders under the Delaware General Corporation Law, or that otherwise makes it advisable to adjourn the Meeting, the Chair of the Meeting will convene the Meeting at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Standard Time on January 22, 2026, and at our principal executive offices, solely for the purpose of adjourning the Meeting to reconvene at a date, time and physical or virtual location to be announced. If we adjourn the Meeting, we will post information regarding the rescheduled Meeting on the investor relations section of our website at investors.intuit.com . Your vote is important. Please vote as promptly as possible. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to Be Held on January 22, 2026: Both the proxy statement and Intuit s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2025, are available electronically at https://investors.intuit.com/sec-filings and www.proxyvote.com . This Notice of Annual Meeting, the Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and the Proxy Statement and Annual Report on Form 10-K of Intuit are being distributed or made available, as the case may be, on or about November 26, 2025. By order of the Board of Directors, Kerry J. McLean Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Mountain View, California November 26, 2025 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s A Letter to Our Stockholders November 26, 2025 Dear fellow Intuit stockholders: We believe that AI will disrupt every industry and how people live and work. Its accelerating pace has created a massive opportunity for Intuit to transform our customers' financial lives. We're leading this disruption by combining data, AI, and human intelligence to power prosperity for consumers, businesses, and accountants around the world. With AI acting as a force multiplier, Intuit now operates at an entirely new speed. Our investments in data, data services, AI, and human expertise are enabling Intuit to become the system of intelligence that learns from our customers to deliver personalized experiences that anticipate what they need and get things done for them. These done-for-you experiences automate everyday tasks, manage complex tax, financial, and business workflows, and drive smarter money decisions. With Intuit, customers no longer have to leave our platform they have everything they need to help them prosper, all in one place. We declared our strategy to be an AI-driven expert platform in 2019 and it profoundly changed our growth potential. That strategy is working and has laid the groundwork for our strong performance in fiscal 2025, when we grew full-year revenue by 1 6%. Today, we are proud to be over four times the size we were 10 years ago, with nearly $19 billion in revenue and growing double digits, a 26% GAAP operating margin, and a 40% non-GAAP operating margin. (1) In fiscal 2025, we took our greatest leap forward in two decades to deliver impactful innovations to our customers. We launched a transformative, all-in-one business platform with a virtual team of AI agents and AI-enabled human experts that can manage lead to cash for customers. We expanded our market opportunity by accelerating our innovation in the mid-market with the introduction of Intuit Enterprise Suite and new go-to-market capabilities. And we delivered breakthrough adoption of TurboTax Live to disrupt the assisted tax category and create a consumer platform that helps people manage their entire financial lives year-round, from credit building to wealth building. AI has also transformed how we work at Intuit. Across every team from engineering to marketing to sales, we re using AI to operate more efficiently and increase productivity. Developers alone are coding on average 40% faster with AI than just a year ago. This velocity is fueling the innovation and benefits we're delivering to customers while simultaneously driving strong margin expansion across our platform. Looking ahead, we re narrowing our focus and ramping up investments in the company s largest growth opportunities delivering done-for-you experiences, accelerating money benefits, and fueling success for mid-market businesses. We believe these opportunities will significantly accelerate innovation for our customers and drive durable growth for the company. Every day, our more than 18,000 global employees bring a relentless focus on execution and a passion for solving the problems that matter most to our customers. With a massive runway ahead, there s no limit to how far we ll go. Sasan K. Goodarzi President and Chief Executive Officer Intuit Inc. (1) See Appendix A to this proxy statement for information regarding non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Table of Contents Proxy Summary 1 Corporate Governance 9 Corporate Governance Practices 9 Board Responsibilities and Structure 10 Board Composition 15 Board Committees and Charters 16 Annual Board Evaluation 19 Transactions with Related Persons 20 Insider Trading Policy 20 Stockholder Engagement 20 Corporate Responsibility Highlights 23 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 24 Our Director Nominees 24 Director Compensation 31 Annual Retainer and Equity Compensation Program for Non-Employee Directors 31 Director Compensation Policies and Plans 32 Director Summary Compensation Table 33 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 36 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 37 Executive Summary 37 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 41 Components of Compensation 42 Fiscal 2025 Compensation Actions 48 Other Benefits 53 Role of Compensation Consultants, Executive Officers, and the Board in Compensation Decisions 54 Fiscal 2025 Compensation Peer Group 54 Our Compensation Policies and Practices 55 Compensation and Organizational Development Committee Report 58 Executive Compensation Tables 59 Fiscal Year 2025 Summary Compensation Table 59 Grants of Plan-Based Awards During Fiscal Year 2 025 61 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 20 25 Year-End 63 Option Exercises and Stock Vested During Fiscal Year 2 025 66 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2 025 67 Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control 67 Equity Compensation Plan Information 71 CEO Pay Ratio 71 Pay Versus Performance 72 Proposal 3 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 76 Tenure and Rotation 76 Independence and Performance 76 Accountability to Stockholders 77 Policy on Pre-Approval of Services 77 Fees Paid to Ernst Young 77 Audit and Risk Committee Report 78 Proposal 4 Stockholder Proposa l 79 Board Statement in Opposition to Stockholder Proposal 80 Stock Ownership Information 81 Security Ownership Table 81 Information About the Meeting, Voting, and Proxies 83 Appendix A - Non-GAAP Financial Measures A -1 All statements made in this document, other than statements of historical or current facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements in this document address our aspirations, plans, and goals, including those relating to our strategies, plans, and progress regarding our climate, job creation, and job readiness initiatives, as well as expectations regarding innovation across our ecosystem and changes to our products, including products and services incorporating artificial intelligence. The fact that we included such information does not indicate that these contents are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, potential, intends, design, will, may, can, should, plan, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In addition, forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing and internal controls and processes that continue to evolve. Actual results could differ materially for a variety of reasons. Risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from management s expectations are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2025. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Proxy Summary Intuit at a Glance Intuit is a global financial technology platform with a mission to power prosperity around the world. Serving approximately 100 million consumers, small and mid-market businesses, and accountants worldwide, Intuit s platform brings the power of artificial intelligence ( AI ) and human intelligence together to fuel customers financial success. With TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, Mailchimp, and Intuit Enterprise Suite, we help put more money in customers pockets, save them time by eliminating work, and help ensure that they have complete confidence in every financial decision they make. We harness the power of data, data services, AI, and human intelligence that help customers reach their financial goals. Intuit's all-in-one business platform helps customers run and grow their businesses end-to-end, from lead to cash. This includes financial management - including payments and capital - compliance, human capital management, and marketing products and services. Intuit's consumer platform helps customers do their taxes with ease and confidence and improve their financial success, from building credit to building wealth, with tax and personal financial management products. For accounting professionals, we provide professional tax and financial management products and services. Fiscal 2025 Performance Highlights We delivered strong results in fiscal 2025. Key highlights include the following. Total revenue $18.8 billion up 16% from FY24 Global Business Solutions Group up 16% from FY24 with Online Ecosystem up 20% from FY24 Consumer Group up 10% from FY24 Credit Karma up 32% from FY24 Combined platform revenue $14.9 billion up 19% from FY24 includes Global Business Solutions Group Online Ecosystem, TurboTax Online, and Credit Karma GAAP operating income $4.9 billion up 36% from FY24 GAAP diluted EPS $13.67 up 31% from $10.43 in FY24 Repurchased $2.8 billion of shares and increased dividend 16% to $4.16 per share Non-GAAP operating income $7.6 billion up 18% from FY24 Non-GAAP diluted EPS $20.15 up 19% from $16.94 in FY24 See Appendix A to this proxy statement for information regarding non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Consistent with our vision to deliver one consumer platform, effective August 1, 2025, we combined the Consumer, Credit Karma, and ProTax businesses into a single Consumer business. INTUIT S FINANCIAL PRINCIPLES Intuit has a track record of disciplined capital allocation and shareholder returns driven by the following financial principles. Grow organic revenue double digits Operating income dollars grow faster than revenue Deploy cash to the highest-yielding opportunities Return excess cash to stockholders via dividend and share repurchase Maintain a strong balance sheet Proxy Summary INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 1 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Our Big Bets Intuit's strategy is to be an AI-driven expert platform by connecting customers to a virtual team of AI agents and AI-enabled human tax and financial experts. We're creating done-for-you experiences by automating everyday tasks, managing complex workflows and processes, and solving challenges before they arise with predictive insights. We connect customers to AI-enabled human experts for that last mile of decisions or to complete the work for them. With the combination of AI and human intelligence, we're evolving from being the system of record to the system of intelligence continually learning from our customers to deliver personalized experiences that anticipate what customers need, act on behalf of customers to solve challenges before they arise, and drive smarter money decisions. In fiscal 2025, we narrowed our focus from five Big Bets to three that represent the company's largest growth opportunities. 1 Deliver done-for-you experiences We will address our customers biggest pain points through a virtual team of AI agents and AI-enabled human experts that deliver done-for-you experiences, with customers in control. This means delivering done-for-you experiences to help businesses run and grow, from lead to cash, and fueling consumers financial success year-round, from building credit to building wealth. 2 Accelerate money benefits We will become the all-in-one platform for customers to manage their critical workflows, decisions, and money. For businesses, this means optimizing cash flow, including receivables, payables, capital, and spend management. For consumers, this means optimizing money and growing their savings, starting with fast access to their tax refund to help them manage cash flow year-round. 3 Fuel success for mid-market businesses We will become the all-in-one solution for mid-market customers, fueling their success by offering a better experience, better price, and lower total cost of ownership. Businesses are overdigitized, juggling too many disparate apps and our platform, including QuickBooks Advanced, Intuit Enterprise Suite, and our ecosystem of connected services, brings the data and insights they need all in one place to grow revenue and profit. We made an early bet on AI, declaring our AI-driven expert platform strategy in 2019. We have a significant competitive advantage with our scale of data, data services, AI capabilities, and human intelligence through our large network of AI-enabled human experts to become the all-in-one platform for consumers, businesses, and accountants. We're disrupting the categories we operate in to drive better money outcomes for our customers. We leverage AI and human intelligence to provide our customers with done-for-you experiences that automate tasks, identify actionable insights to drive important decisions, and manage end-to-end workflows or entire processes to eliminate work, while ensuring the customer remains in control. When customers need additional help or want help to complete the work on their behalf, we connect them with the best human expert from our network of thousands of AI-enabled financial, tax, and bookkeeping experts who can complete a specific task, address specialized questions, or manage the entire workload. Our strategy, combined with our Big Bets that focus on the largest customer problems and growth opportunities, positions us for durable growth. In fiscal 2025, we launched a transformative set of AI agents that provide customers with a virtual team to complete jobs on their behalf, dramatically improving how businesses run and grow. Combined with our AI-enabled human experts, these agents are automating workflows and delivering real-time insights to drive growth and improve cash flow. Our redesigned user interface and new business feed highlights these real-time insights and recommendations and the tasks completed by agents on behalf of the customer. We also launched AI agents in Intuit Enterprise Suite, including accounting, payments, finance, and project management agents, transforming how our small and mid-market business customers manage their finances by automating a variety of day-to-day tasks, and increasing productivity. Our innovation has been possible with the investments in our proprietary Generative AI Operating System ( GenOS ), which have enabled us to fuel innovation with unparalleled speed for our customers. Built for our internal developers, GenOS not only keeps pace with rapid technological industry advances but is setting the pace by melding the best of AI and human intelligence on our platform. This enables us to rapidly deliver a new class of intelligent, autonomous financial solutions that we expect to define the next decade of growth for our customers and for Intuit. Our AI-driven expert platform and products are built in keeping with the company s commitment to data privacy, security, and responsible AI governance. We strive to safeguard customer data and protect privacy using industry-leading technology and practices, and adhere to responsible AI principles that guide how we operate and scale our platform with our customers best interests in mind. We have driven significant momentum across the company over the past year. Looking ahead, we are doubling down on the areas that drove strong results this year where the combination of AI and human intelligence delivers done-for-you experiences, helps customers put more money in their pockets, and builds our mid-market business. As the external environment evolves, we continue to innovate and adapt our strategy and anticipate our customers needs. For more than 40 years, we have been dedicated to developing innovative solutions that are designed to solve our customers' most important financial problems. At Intuit, we believe that everyone should have the opportunity to prosper, and we never stop working to find new, innovative ways to make that possible. 2 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Stockholder Engagement We regularly assess our corporate governance and compensation practices. As part of this assessment, we proactively engage with our stockholders to ensure their perspectives are considered by the Board. For more about our stockholder engagement and the topics discussed, see page 20 of this proxy statement. Stockholder Value Delivered The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return ( TSR ) on Intuit common stock for the last five full fiscal years with the cumulative total returns on the S P 500 Index and the Morgan Stanley Technology Index for the same period. The graph assumes that $100 was invested in Intuit common stock and in each of the other indices on July 31, 2020, and that all dividends were reinvested. The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data with Intuit common stock prices based on the closing price on the dates indicated and are not intended to forecast the possible future performance of Intuit s common stock. Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return* Among Intuit Inc., the S P 500 Index, and Morgan Stanley Technology Index Intuit Inc. S P 500 Morgan Stanley Technology Index * $100 invested on 7/31/20 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending July 31. Copyright 2025 Standard and Poor s, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. Proxy Summary INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 3 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Voting Roadmap 1 Election of Directors Eleven of the Board s 13 current directors are standing for election to the Board at the Meeting. The nominees bring a wealth of experience and proven leadership across a range of industries. The slate of nominees reflects a balance between Intuit s commitment to thoughtful Board refreshment and the value of the experience that our longer-tenured directors bring. The Board recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of the director nominees. See page 24 for more information. Board Highlights Board Composition The following charts reflect the tenure, age, and independence of our director nominees. Tenure 11+ Yrs 6-10 Yrs 0-5 Yrs Age 50 51-60 61+ Independence Independent Not Independent Three of our director nominees are women and eight are men. As self-identified, Mr. Goodarzi is Middle Eastern, Ms. Liu, Mr. Prabhu, and Mr. Yuan are Asian, Ms. Mawakana is Black/African American, Mr. Vazquez is Latino/Hispanic, and Ms. Burton, Mr. Cook, Mr. Dalzell, Mr. Norrod, and Mr. Szkutak are White. As discussed in the Appointment of New Directors section, beginning August 1, 2026 (and assuming all our current director nominees are elected at the Meeting and continue to serve), four of our directors will be women and nine will be men. 4 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Director Nominees The following table provides summary information about each director nominee. Independent Director Nominee Eve Burton, 67 Scott D. Cook, 73 Richard L. Dalzell, 68 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, The Hearst Corporation Founder, Intuit Inc. Former Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Amazon.com, Inc. Director Since: 2016 Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committees: AC , ARC Director Since: 1984 Other Public Company Boards: 0 Director Since: 2015 Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committees: AC (Chair) , ARC Sasan K. Goodarzi, 57 Deborah Liu, 49 Tekedra Mawakana, 54 President and Chief Executive Officer, Intuit Inc. Former President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Ancestry.com LLC Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director, Waymo LLC Board Chair (effective as of the Meeting date) Director Since: 2019 Other Public Company Boards: 1 Director Since: 2017 Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committees: CODC , NGC (Chair) Director Since: 2020 Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committees: CODC , NGC Forrest Norrod, 60 Vasant Prabhu, 65 Thomas Szkutak, 64 Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Data Center Solutions Business Group, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Former Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman, Visa, Inc. Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Amazon.com, Inc. Director Since: 2024 Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committees: CODC , NGC Lead Independent Director (effective as of the Meeting date) Director Since: 2024 Other Public Company Boards: 2 Committees: AC , ARC Director Since: 2018 Other Public Company Boards: 0 Committees: ARC (Chair) , NGC Raul Vazquez, 54 Eric S. Yuan, 55 Chief Executive Officer and Director, Oportun Financial Corporation Chief Executive Officer and Director, Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Director Since: 2016 Other Public Company Boards: 1 Committees: AC , CODC (Chair) Director Since: 2023 Other Public Company Boards: 1 Committees: ARC , NGC Number of meetings in fiscal 2025 3 AC Acquisition Committee 9 ARC Audit and Risk Committee 6 CODC Compensation and Organizational Development Committee 4 NGC Nominating and Governance Committee Proxy Summary INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 5 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Board Skills and Expertise Our Board is committed to excellence in its governance practices, including with respect to the Board s composition. The Board and its Nominating and Governance Committee believe that a board with a diverse range of skills and experience is important for reaching sound decisions that drive stockholder value. Our Board has undergone significant refreshment in recent years to include the experience, perspectives, and skill sets that promote effective oversight as our business evolves. Over the last three years, four new independent directors were elected to our board. Our 11 director nominees represent a broad range of tenures, expertise, skills, backgrounds, perspectives, viewpoints, and professional experience. The following chart reflects the experience and expertise of the 11 director nominees for our Board. These are the skills and qualifications our Board considers important for our directors in light of our current business strategy and structure. Customer domain expertise consumer and small and mid-market businesses 9 director nominees Go-to-market, digital marketing, partnerships, and international expertise 11 director nominees Public company board experience (current and former) 10 director nominees Product domain expertise - SaaS, mobile, services, and money innovation 9 director nominees Public policy/government relations 4 director nominees Financial acumen or expertise, including CEO/CFO or audit committee experience 11 director nominees Technology domain expertise software development, cloud, data, AI, platform, and cybersecurity 10 director nominees C-suite experience (current and former) 11 director nominees Proven business acumen, collaboration, and industry engagement 11 director nominees 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation (Say-on-Pay) In accordance with Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), we are asking stockholders to vote, on an advisory basis, to approve Intuit s executive compensation for our Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ). The Board recommends that you vote FOR approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our NEOs. See page 36 for more information. 6 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Executive Compensation Highlights Performance-based Payouts Our executive compensation programs are designed to reward both short- and long-term growth in the revenue and profitability of our business, TSR that compares favorably to the TSR of certain peer companies, and progress on goals to deliver for our True North stakeholders. As shown below, the vast majority of fiscal 2025 compensation for our NEOs was performance-based. CEO Total Direct Compensation (1) Other NEOs Total Direct Compensation (1) (1) Total direct compensation reflects base salary, actual bonus payout, and equity awards granted during fiscal 2025. Consistent with disclosure in the Fiscal Year 2025 Summary Compensation Table, equity awards are reported at grant date fair value (which, for the PSUs, is based on the probable outcome of achievement of the performance goals using a widely accepted probability model), and salary and incentive cash are reported based on the actual amounts earned with respect to fiscal 2025. Consistent with our compensation objectives, our NEOs were provided the following base salaries, cash incentives, and equity incentives in fiscal 2025: Long-Term Equity Incentives Name and Position Salary ($) Cash Incentive ($) Option Awards ($) RSUs ($) PSUs ($) Total ($) Sasan K. Goodarzi President and Chief Executive Officer 1,300,000 2,600,000 8,650,168 8,650,338 15,635,046 36,835,552 Sandeep S. Aujla Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 800,000 960,000 3,625,099 3,625,596 7,250,562 16,261,257 Alex Balazs Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 770,000 924,000 3,500,045 3,500,602 7,000,291 15,694,938 Mark Notarainni Executive Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Group 770,000 924,000 3,625,099 3,625,596 7,250,562 16,195,257 Marianna Tessel Executive Vice President and General Manager, Small Business Group 800,000 960,000 3,625,099 3,625,596 7,250,562 16,261,257 The table above excludes the grant date fair value of matching restricted stock units ( RSUs ) granted to executive officers under the Management Stock Purchase Program. It also excludes certain items that are reflected as All Other Compensation in the Fiscal Year 2025 Summary Compensation Table. These items are not typically considered in the Compensation and Organizational Development Committee s ( Compensation Committee ) deliberations regarding annual compensation for our senior executives because (i) the amounts are non-recurring, not material, or not considered to be core elements of compensation by the committee, or (ii) the benefits are available to a large group of employees. For a complete discussion of our executive compensation program, see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section and the Executive Compensation Tables below. Proxy Summary INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 7 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s 3 Ratification of Selection of Ernst Young LLP as Intuit s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit and Risk Committee has selected Ernst Young LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm to perform the audit of Intuit s consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2026. The Audit and Risk Committee made this selection based on Ernst Young LLP s independence, performance, and extensive knowledge of our business, controls, and processes. The Board recommends that you vote FOR the ratification of the selection of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2026. See page 76 for more information. 4 Stockholder Proposal A stockholder has requested that the Board issue a report assessing the return on investment of the company s diversity and inclusion programs. The Board recommends that you vote AGAINST the proposal, as it is unnecessary given the company s robust risk mitigation processes that are already in place. See page 79 for more information. 8 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Summary T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Practices Intuit is committed to excellence in corporate governance. We maintain numerous policies and practices that demonstrate this commitment, including those summarized below. Independence Stockholder Engagement All non-employee directors are independent Independent directors meet regularly in executive session All members of the Board s four standing committees are independent Commitment to Board refreshment, with four new independent directors added in the last three years Long-standing, proactive, and robust stockholder engagement program, including independent director participation at times Our bylaws provide stockholders with a proxy access right Stockholders may act by written consent Accountability Alignment with Stockholder Interests Annual election of all directors and majority voting in uncontested elections Annual stockholder advisory vote to approve Named Executive Officer compensation Annual Board evaluation of CEO performance Cash bonuses and equity awards are subject to clawback Pay-for-performance executive compensation program Robust stock ownership requirements for senior executive officers and non-employee directors, including 10x salary for the CEO and 10x annual cash retainer for non- employee directors Prohibition against director and employee (including officer) hedging and pledging of Intuit stock Single class of stock with equal voting rights Board Practices Ethics Practices Lead Independent Director with significant responsibilities Corporate Governance Principles that are publicly available and reviewed annually Board composition reflects a range of backgrounds, skills, tenure, and experience Rigorous annual Board and committee self- evaluation process Annual review of management succession plans Regular review of cybersecurity and other significant risks to Intuit Code of Conduct Ethics for employees that is monitored by Intuit s ethics office and overseen by the General Counsel Code of Ethics that applies to all Board members Ethics hotline that is available to all employees as well as third parties Non-retaliation policy for reporting ethics concerns Audit and Risk Committee reviews complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing, and federal securities law matters Transparency and Responsibility Nominating and Governance Committee oversees corporate responsibility and reviews environmental, social, and governance matters Compensation and Organizational Development Committee oversees initiatives in support of organizational development Annual stakeholder impact report (reporting under Global Reporting Initiative, Sustainability Accounting and Standards Board and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures frameworks) and dedicated website disclosing our practices, including with respect to job creation, job readiness and fair pay and climate impact ( https://www.intuit.com/company/corporate-responsibility/ ) Detailed financial reporting and proxy statement disclosure designed to be clear and understandable Dedicated website disclosing responsible AI principles that guide how we operate and scale our AI-driven expert platform responsibly and a mechanism for reporting concerns ( https://www.intuit.com/privacy/responsible-ai/ ) Public disclosure of Corporate Governance Principles, Board Code of Ethics, Bylaws, Board committee charters, Code of Conduct Ethics, corporate tax policy, global human rights policy, and other documents ( https://investors.intuit.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents ) Voluntary website disclosure regarding Intuit s political expenditures, political accountability policy and positions on public policy issues that impact the way we serve our customers ( https://investors.intuit.com/corporate-governance/political-accountability ) Corporate Governance Practices Corporate Governance INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 9 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Board Responsibilities and Structure The Board s Role The Board oversees management s performance on behalf of Intuit s stockholders. The Board s primary responsibilities include the following. Monitor management s performance to assess whether Intuit is operating in an effective, efficient, and ethical manner in order to create value for Intuit s stockholders Periodically review Intuit s long- range strategic plan, business initiatives, enterprise risk management, capital projects, and budget matters Oversee long-term succession planning, select the CEO, evaluate CEO performance, and determine CEO compensation Board s Role in Strategy Our Board recognizes the importance of designing our overall business strategy to create long-term, sustainable value for Intuit stockholders. As a result, the Board maintains an active oversight role in helping management formulate, plan, and implement Intuit s strategy. Specifically, the Board has a robust annual strategic planning process that includes reviewing our business and financial plans, strategies, and near- and long-term initiatives. This annual process includes a full-day Board session to review Intuit s overall strategy with our senior leadership team and quarterly meetings to review progress against that strategy. In addition, every year, the Board reviews Intuit s three-year financial plan, which serves as the basis for the annual operating plan for the upcoming year. The Board considers the progress of and challenges to Intuit s strategy, as well as related risks, throughout the year. At each regularly scheduled Board meeting, the CEO holds an executive session with the Board to discuss strategic and other significant business developments since the last meeting. Board s Oversight of Risk The full Board regularly reviews Intuit s significant risks, oversees our risk management program, and delegates certain risk oversight responsibilities to Board committees. Management is responsible for balancing risk and opportunity in support of Intuit s objectives, and carries out the daily processes, controls, and practices of our risk management program - many of which are embedded in our operations, including our disclosure controls and procedures. Our Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) program is intended to review and address Intuit s critical enterprise risks, including strategic, technology, financial, compliance, and operational risks. Intuit s Chief Compliance Officer, who reports to our General Counsel, facilitates the ERM program. As part of our ERM process, management annually identifies, assesses, prioritizes, and develops mitigation plans for Intuit s top risks over short- and longer-term time horizons. These plans are reviewed annually with the full Board and the Audit and Risk Committee and, throughout the year, the standing committees of the Board review the risk management activities under their purview and report to the full Board as appropriate. From time to time, the Board, its committees or management consult with third-party advisors on particular risks. 10 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Board Responsibilities and Structure T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Risk Oversight Responsibilities Board of Directors The Board maintains direct oversight of our strategic risk exposure as part of its responsibility to oversee corporate strategy. The Board believes it currently benefits from review and discussion of this risk exposure among all directors and that this oversight role is appropriate given the collective breadth and depth of experience of our Board members. The Board regularly reviews and discusses significant risks with management, including through the annual strategic planning process and reviews of annual operating plans, financial performance, merger and acquisition opportunities, market environment updates, legal and regulatory developments, and presentations on specific risks. The Board also reviews reports from each committee regarding risk matters under its purview. Acquisition Committee Audit and Risk Committee Compensation and Organizational Development Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Meetings in Fiscal 2025 3 Meetings in Fiscal 2025 9 Meetings in Fiscal 2025 6 Meetings in Fiscal 2025 4 Areas of Risk Oversight Reviews risks associated with Intuit s acquisition, divestiture, and strategic investment activities, and the strategy and business models of acquisition candidates Oversees the performance of Intuit s completed acquisitions, divestitures, and strategic investment transactions Areas of Risk Oversight Has primary responsibility for overseeing our ERM program Receives a quarterly report from the Chief Compliance Officer on Intuit s top risk areas and the progress of the ERM program Oversees particular risks, such as financial management, privacy, cybersecurity, and fraud Annually reviews our ERM policies and processes, and from time to time separately reviews the Board s approach to risk oversight Oversees our ethics and compliance programs, including our Code of Conduct Ethics, the Board Code of Ethics, and responsible AI Oversees litigation risks Areas of Risk Oversight Reviews risks associated with our compensation programs, policies and practices, both for executives in particular and for employees generally Assists the Board in its oversight of stockholder engagement on executive compensation matters Oversees succession planning and senior leadership development Oversees organizational development activities and human capital management, including management depth and strength assessment; leadership development; company-wide organization and talent assessment; employee recruitment, engagement and retention; workplace environment and culture; employee health and safety; and fair pay Areas of Risk Oversight Reviews risks associated with corporate governance Oversees overall board effectiveness, including identifying and recruiting members with appropriate skills, experience and characteristics Annually reviews and approves our Political Accountability Policy Oversees our corporate responsibility risks and practices and discusses with management periodic reports on the company s (i) progress on environmental, social, and governance matters and (ii) communications with stockholders and other stakeholders regarding these matters Assists the Board in its oversight of our engagement with stockholders Regular Reports From Chief Corporate Strategy Development Officer General Counsel Other Senior Business Leaders Regular Reports From Chief Financial Officer Chief Accounting Officer Chief Information Security Fraud Prevention Officer Chief Compliance Officer Chief Data Officer General Counsel Controller Head of Internal Audit Head of Investor Relations Other Senior Business Leaders Regular Reports From Chief People Places Officer General Counsel and Deputy General Counsel Head of Total Rewards Head of Investor Relations Head of Diversity Inclusion Other Senior Business Leaders Regular Reports From Chief Corporate Affairs Officer General Counsel and Deputy General Counsel Head of Corporate Responsibility Head of Investor Relations Other Senior Business Leaders Board Responsibilities and Structure Corporate Governance INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 11 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Key Areas of Oversight Oversight of Cybersecurity Risks Our full Board provides ultimate oversight for the cybersecurity program and has delegated to the Audit and Risk Committee primary oversight of cybersecurity risks. The Audit and Risk Committee receives regular, quarterly reports from our Chief Information Security and Fraud Prevention Officer ( CISO ) and a cross-functional cybersecurity, compliance, risk, and fraud team. These reports include cybersecurity and anti-fraud efforts, including updates, metrics, and trends, such as the status of prior security events, existing and emerging threat landscapes, the results of audits or assessments, fraud prevention efforts, vulnerability detection and disclosure changes, and the status of projects to strengthen our security systems and improve incident readiness, and how these may affect broader enterprise risk management. Under our incident response processes, the CISO, or other management, reports certain incidents to the Audit and Risk Committee or the full Board, as appropriate. Oversight of Environmental, Social, and Governance Risks The Board has been highly engaged with management on the evolution of Intuit s environmental, social, and governance practices and reporting. The Board oversees the assessment of these risks as part of the development of our overall long-term strategy and receives regular updates from management and the Board s committees on these matters. Given our cross-functional approach to these matters, oversight responsibility is allocated across the Board s committees based on their areas of expertise. Compensation and Organizational Development Committee Oversees organizational development, including diversity and inclusion and fair pay, and considers our True North Goals in making executive compensation decisions Nominating and Governance Committee Oversees our corporate responsibility strategy and goals, including environmental, sustainability, and social matters Audit and Risk Committee Oversees our cybersecurity and anti-fraud practices, as well as our disclosure practices relating to environmental, social, and governance matters Responsible AI Oversight and Governance Intuit is dedicated to using AI in a thoughtful and responsible way that helps power prosperity around the world. Our responsible AI principles guide how we operate and scale our AI-driven expert platform in a responsible manner. Responsible AI Principles Powering prosperity We develop and deploy AI to power prosperity around the world for consumers, small businesses, and self-employed individuals. Enhancing human talent We build AI that works hand- in-hand with people to help them do their jobs better. Fairness We strive to use AI to improve the financial lives of everyone, including those who have historically been excluded from access to financial services. Accountability We follow a thoughtful approach to ensure the responsible use of our AI. Transparency We strive for the right level of transparency and explainability in our AI. Privacy and security Our commitment to privacy and security extends to our AI systems. These principles are operationalized through our multi-layered governance framework, which helps us proactively identify and mitigate potential negative or unintended impacts that could result from our use of AI. 12 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Board Responsibilities and Structure T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s AI Governance Board of Directors and Audit and Risk Committee Provides oversight primarily through the Audit and Risk Committee, which receives updates on the company s compliance programs, including the responsible AI governance framework The Audit and Risk Committee receives periodic reports from the AI Governance Committee AI Governance Committee Includes senior executives with multidisciplinary backgrounds who lead the company s data, legal, technology, communications, cybersecurity, and people and places teams Oversees the company s deployment of AI across its offerings Responsible AI Team A multidisciplinary and cross functional team that includes people with expertise in data privacy, AI, data science, engineering, product management, legal, compliance, security, ethics, and public policy Operationalizes the responsible AI governance framework and engages with external stakeholders to share learnings and promote responsible AI practices Established enterprise-wide governance practices that align with the company s responsible AI principles Intuit Employees All Intuit employees are responsible for working in accordance with the company s values and responsible AI principles In addition to mandatory training, employees have access to internal forums, internal communications resources, and other responsible AI awareness tools Oversight of Management Succession Planning The Board s oversight of management succession planning is key to ensure the company s continuing ability to fuel the financial success of its customers in the future. Our thoughtful and orderly approach to long-term leadership development and management succession planning is overseen by our Compensation Committee and discussed by the full Board on at least an annual basis. This process includes discussions about the succession process and timeline, assessments of successor candidates for the CEO and other senior leadership positions, the leadership pipeline and development plans for the next generation of senior leadership, and organizational development. The Compensation Committee also oversees crisis succession plans. Board Leadership Structure Each year, the Board reviews its leadership structure and determines whether, at the time, it is in the best interests of Intuit and our stockholders for the roles of Board Chair and CEO to be held by the same person or by different people. When the same person serves as both Board Chair and CEO, our Corporate Governance Principles require the independent directors to appoint a Lead Independent Director. When the roles are separated and the Board Chair is not independent, the independent directors may appoint a Lead Independent Director. Currently, the roles of Board Chair and CEO are separated, and the Board Chair is an independent director, Ms. Nora Johnson. On November 20, 2025, we announced that the Board Chair, Ms. Nora Johnson, will not be standing for reelection at the Meeting and that the Board has appointed Mr. Goodarzi, our CEO, as Board Chair and Mr. Prabhu, an independent director, as Lead Independent Director, effective as of the date of the Meeting and subject to their reelection at the Meeting. A majority of the Board will continue to be highly-engaged independent directors, and all standing committees will continue to be made up entirely of independent directors. The Board believes that this governance structure is optimal at this time for guiding our company through the next stage of growth and maintaining the focus required to achieve our business goals. The Board believes this structure provides an effective balance between strong company leadership and oversight by independent directors. It enables Mr. Goodarzi to focus his attention on our business strategy and operations while empowering Mr. Prabhu to lead the Board s independent oversight of management and facilitate the critical flow of information between the Board and management. Board Responsibilities and Structure Corporate Governance INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 13 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Role of the Lead Independent Director As Lead Independent Director, Mr. Prabhu s responsibilities include the following. Presiding at meetings of the Board at which the Board Chair is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors, which occur at least quarterly Approving the agenda for Board meetings (in consultation with the Board Chair) and the schedule for Board meetings to provide sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items Ensuring the Board receives adequate and timely information Overseeing the annual board evaluation with an independent third-party at the direction of the Nominating and Governance Committee Serving as liaison between the Board Chair and the independent directors Being available for consultations and communications with stockholders as appropriate Overseeing the annual evaluation of the CEO s performance, together with the Compensation Committee Calling executive sessions of the independent directors Facilitating the critical flow of information between the Board and senior management Any other functions and responsibilities as requested by the Board from time to time Board, Committee, and Annual Stockholder Meetings The Board and its committees hold regular meetings throughout the year on a set schedule, and also hold special meetings and act by written consent from time to time, as appropriate. The Board held four meetings during fiscal 2025. The Board expects that all directors will prepare for, attend, and participate in all Board and applicable committee meetings, and will see that other commitments do not materially interfere with their service on the Board. During fiscal 2025, all current directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and the committees on which they served. Our Corporate Governance Principles encourage all directors to attend our annual meeting of stockholders. Twelve of the 13 directors who were serving at the time of the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders attended that meeting. The Board regularly convenes executive sessions among all Board members, and at every regular Board meeting, the independent directors meet separately in closed session. Director Orientation and Continuing Education All new directors participate in an orientation program designed to provide a thorough understanding of the company's business, strategic plans, and governance structure. The program includes written materials, briefings with senior leadership, and educational opportunities. In addition, the Board receives periodic updates on regulatory and other relevant developments from management and outside experts. Board members are encouraged to attend outside director education programs and we reimburse them for reasonable associated costs and expenses. 14 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Board Responsibilities and Structure T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Board Composition Director Independence To be considered independent under the Nasdaq rules, a director must meet several bright-line tests, including that the director is not, and for the last three years has not been, employed by Intuit and that neither the director nor any of his or her family members has engaged in certain types of business dealings with Intuit. The Nominating and Governance Committee and the full Board annually review relevant transactions, relationships, and arrangements that may affect the independence of our Board members. As required by Nasdaq rules, the Board also makes a determination that, in its opinion, no relationship exists that would interfere with any independent director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making these determinations, the Board reviews and discusses information provided by the directors and by Intuit with regard to each director s business and personal activities as they relate to Intuit, Intuit s management, and the Board. The Board also considers the tenure of a director and whether the duration of service could impact the director s independence from management, including the director s engagement with management and the effectiveness of the director s participation in Board and committee deliberations. The Board believes that a balanced mix of board tenure is effective in providing oversight and that our longer-serving directors with extensive relevant experience and institutional knowledge of Intuit bring critical skills to the boardroom. In particular, the Board believes that given the size of our company, the breadth of our offerings, and the increasing regulatory complexity we face across our business, our longer-tenured directors bring a deeper understanding of the company and the risks that we face. Upon review of these relationships and other information provided by our director nominees, the Board determined that there are no relationships that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment by Intuit s independent directors in carrying out their responsibilities as directors, and that the following directors and director nominees are independent: Ms. Burton, Mr. Dalzell, Ms. Liu, Ms. Mawakana, Ms. Nora Johnson, Mr. Norrod, Mr. Prabhu, Mr. Roslansky, Mr. Szkutak, Mr. Vazquez, and Mr. Yuan. At each regularly scheduled meeting of the Board and its committees, independent Board members meet in closed session without any company management present. The independent Board members also meet to review the CEO s performance evaluation and compensation decisions, at the direction of the Compensation Committee. Qualifications and Evaluation of Directors The Nominating and Governance Committee believes that all nominees for Board membership should possess the following: The highest ethics, integrity, and values An inquisitive and objective perspective, practical wisdom, and mature judgment Broad, high-level experience in business, technology, government, education, or public policy A commitment to representing the long-term interests of Intuit s stockholders Sufficient time to carry out the duties of an Intuit director When identifying potential candidates, the committee considers recommendations from current directors, stockholders, management, and others, and may engage external search firms to assist. When evaluating director candidates, the committee considers the full range of skills it has determined should be represented on the Board, as described in Proposal 1. The committee also considers other factors, such as independence, expertise, specific skills, and other qualities that may contribute to the Board s overall effectiveness. Each potential candidate undergoes a vetting process that considers their background, independence, and alignment with the Board s priorities. The committee, Board leadership, and other directors may interview candidates as part of this process. If the committee determines that a candidate meets the Board s needs and desired qualifications, it recommends the candidate to the full Board for appointment or nomination. The Board and the committee seek nominees whose varied professional experience, skills, and expertise complement those of our existing directors and provide an overall balance of perspectives and backgrounds. In selecting nominees, the committee looks for individuals with varied professional experience, backgrounds, knowledge, skills, and viewpoints in order to build and maintain a board that, as a whole, provides effective oversight of management. As part of its annual evaluation process, the committee assesses its ability to build an effective board. Board Composition Corporate Governance INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 15 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Stockholder Recommendations of Director Candidates Our Nominating and Governance Committee will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders. You may find our Corporate Governance Principles, which outline our Board membership criteria, at https://investors.intuit.com/corporate-governance/conduct-and-guidelines/default.aspx . Any stockholder who wishes to recommend a candidate for the committee s consideration should submit the candidate s name and qualifications via our website at https://investors.intuit.com/corporate-governance/conduct-and-guidelines/contact-the-board/default.aspx or by mail to the Nominating and Governance Committee, c/o Corporate Secretary, Intuit Inc., P.O. Box 7850, Mail Stop 2700, Mountain View, California 94039-7850. For faster delivery, we suggest that any communications be made via our website. The committee s policy is to evaluate candidates properly recommended by stockholders in the same manner it evaluates candidates recommended by management or current Board members. Recommendations for director nomination received by the Corporate Secretary that satisfy our bylaw requirements will be presented to the Nominating and Governance Committee for its consideration. In addition, our bylaws permit stockholders (either individually or in a group of up to 20 stockholders) that have owned 3% or more of Intuit s outstanding shares continuously for at least three years to submit director nominees (the greater of two directors or up to 20% of our Board) for inclusion in our proxy materials. For additional information, see Stockholder Proposals and Nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Appointment of New Directors On November 18, 2025, the Board appointed Adena Friedman and Bill McDermott to the Board as independent directors for a term that will begin on August 1, 2026 in order to accommodate their pre-existing professional obligations. Ms. Friedman s and Mr. McDermott s initial terms will run through the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, when we currently expect they will stand as nominees. While Ms. Friedman and Mr. McDermott are not nominees for election as directors at the Meeting, we are providing additional information about their experience and qualifications to provide transparency to our stockholders. Ms. Friedman has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Nasdaq, Inc., a stock market index, since 2017, and Chair of the Board of Directors of Nasdaq since 2023. Previously, Ms. Friedman held the positions of President and Chief Operating Officer of Nasdaq from 2015 to 2016, and President from 2014 to 2015. Ms. Friedman served as Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of The Carlyle Group Inc. from 2011 to 2014. Prior to joining The Carlyle Group, Ms. Friedman was a member of Nasdaq s management team for over a decade as head of data products, head of corporate strategy, and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Friedman has served as a Class B director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York since 2018. In 2024, she was elected to the Business Roundtable ( BRT ) Board of Directors and currently serves as the Chair of the BRT s Technology Committee. Ms. Friedman has also served as a member of the Vanderbilt University Board of Trust since 2020. Mr. McDermott has served as the Chief Executive Officer of ServiceNow, Inc., a software company, since 2019 and as Chairman of the Board of ServiceNow since 2022. Mr. McDermott has served as a member of the Board of Directors of ServiceNow since 2019 and as President of ServiceNow from 2019 to 2023. Previously, Mr. McDermott served as the Chief Executive Officer of SAP SE from 2014 to 2019, Co-CEO from 2010 to 2014, and an executive board member from 2010 to 2019. Mr. McDermott was Chief Executive Officer of SAP America from 2002 to 2010. Previously, he was Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Operations at Siebel CRM Systems, Inc. from 2001 to 2002 and President of Gartner from 2000 to 2001. Mr. McDermott also served on the board of Fisker Inc. from 2020 to 2024. Service on Other Boards and Job Changes Each director is expected to see that their other existing and planned future commitments do not materially interfere with their service on the Board. Directors generally may not serve on the boards of more than five public companies, including Intuit s Board. In fiscal 2025, none of our directors served on more than two other public company boards at the same time that they served on our Board. We annually review each director s compliance with the policy. Any director who has a principal job change, including retirement, must offer to submit a letter of resignation to the Board Chair. The Board, in consultation with the Nominating and Governance Committee, will determine whether to accept or reject any such resignation offer after considering whether the composition of the Board remains appropriate under the new circumstances. Board Committees and Charters The Board has delegated certain responsibilities and authority to its four standing committees: Acquisition Committee, Audit and Risk Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Governance Committee. Committees report regularly to the full Board on their activities and actions. 16 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Board Committees and Charters T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Each committee has a charter that it reviews annually, making recommendations to the Board for any charter revisions that might be needed to reflect evolving best practices and stock exchange or other requirements. All four committee charters are available on our website at https://investors.intuit.com/corporate-governance/committee-composition/default.aspx . The members of each committee are independent and appointed by the Board based on recommendations of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Committee members have the opportunity to meet in closed session, without management present, during each committee meeting. The names listed below reflect the composition of the committees as of the date of this proxy statement. Ms. Nora Johnson and Mr. Roslansky will serve on the committees to which they are assigned until the date of the Meeting. AC Acquisition Committee Meetings in fiscal 2025: 3 Chair: Richard L. Dalzell Other Members: Eve Burton Suzanne Nora Johnson Vasant Prabhu Ryan Roslansky Raul Vazquez Key Responsibilities Reviewing and approving acquisition, divestiture, and strategic investment transactions proposed by Intuit s management if the total amount to be paid or received by Intuit meets certain Board-established requirements, which the Board periodically revisits. Regularly reporting to the Board the committee s activities and actions relating to acquisitions, divestiture, and strategic investment transactions, including ongoing assessments of completed transactions. ARC Audit and Risk Committee Meetings in fiscal 2025: 9 Chair: Thomas Szkutak Other Members: Eve Burton Richard L. Dalzell Suzanne Nora Johnson Vasant Prabhu Eric S. Yuan Key Responsibilities Representing and assisting the Board in its oversight of Intuit s financial reporting, internal controls, and audit functions. Selecting, evaluating, retaining, compensating, and overseeing Intuit s independent registered public accounting firm. Overseeing cybersecurity and other risks relevant to our information technology environment, including by receiving regular cybersecurity updates from Intuit s management team. Receiving and reviewing periodic reports from management regarding Intuit s ethics and compliance programs. Our Board has determined that each member of the Audit and Risk Committee is both independent (as defined under applicable Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules related to audit committee members) and financially literate (as required by Nasdaq listing standards). The Board also has determined that each of Mr. Prabhu, Ms. Nora Johnson, Mr. Szkutak, and Mr. Yuan qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by SEC rules, and has financial sophistication in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards. The Audit and Risk Committee held closed sessions with our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, during all of its regularly scheduled meetings in fiscal 2025. Board Committees and Charters Corporate Governance INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 17 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s CODC Compensation and Organizational Development Committee Meetings in fiscal 2025: 6 Chair: Raul Vazquez Other Members: Deborah Liu Tekedra Mawakana Forrest Norrod Ryan Roslansky Key Responsibilities Assisting the Board in reviewing and approving executive compensation and in overseeing organizational and management development for executive officers and other Intuit employees. Together with the CEO and the Chief People Places Officer, periodically reviewing Intuit s key management personnel from the perspectives of leadership development, organizational development, and succession planning. Evaluating Intuit s strategies for hiring, developing, and retaining executives in an increasingly competitive environment, with the goal of creating and growing Intuit s bench strength at senior executive levels. Annually reviewing our non-employee director compensation programs and making recommendations on the programs to the Board. Overseeing our stock compensation programs. Overseeing the administration of any compensation recoupment or clawback policy. Overseeing broader organizational development activities and human capital management, including management depth and strength assessment; company-wide organization and talent assessment; employee recruitment, engagement and retention; workplace environment and culture; employee health and safety; and fair pay. For more information on the responsibilities and activities of the Compensation Committee, including its processes for determining executive compensation, see the Compensation and Organizational Development Committee Report and Compensation Discussion and Analysis below, particularly the discussion of the Role of Compensation Consultants, Executive Officers and the Board in Compensation Determinations. The Compensation Committee may delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees or to management as the committee may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. Our Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is independent under Nasdaq listing standards applicable to compensation committee members and a Non-Employee Director, as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. During fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee held closed sessions with the independent compensation consultant during all of its regularly scheduled meetings. NGC Nominating and Governance Committee Meetings in fiscal 2025: 4 Chair: Deborah Liu Other Members: Tekedra Mawakana Forrest Norrod Thomas Szkutak Eric S. Yuan Key Responsibilities Reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding Board composition and our governance standards. Evaluating the skills, experience, and other characteristics that are appropriate to promote the effectiveness of the Board. Identifying and evaluating candidates for director. Overseeing our Political Accountability Policy, Corporate Governance Principles, and Board Code of Ethics, and reviewing each of these documents on an annual basis. Overseeing Intuit s corporate responsibility practices, including environmental, sustainability, and social matters, and discussing with management periodic reports on the company s (i) efforts on environmental, social, and governance matters and (ii) communications with stockholders and other stakeholders regarding these matters. Overseeing orientation and continuing education for directors. Assisting the Board s oversight of the company s engagement with stockholders. From time to time, the committee retains a third-party search firm to help identify potential director candidates. Our Board has determined that each member of the Nominating and Governance Committee is independent, as defined under applicable Nasdaq listing standards. 18 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Board Committees and Charters T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Annual Board Evaluation The Nominating and Governance Committee oversees this process, which was led by the Board Chair in fiscal 2025 and facilitated by an independent third party. The evaluation process How results are used 1 Each Board member assesses the performance of the Board as a whole and the other directors. by the Board, to identify skills, expertise, experience, or other characteristics that may be desirable in new Board candidates 2 Each Board member assesses the performance of the committees, including how well each committee keeps the full Board informed. by the Board, to identify each director s strengths and areas of opportunity and to provide insight into how each Board member can be most valuable to Intuit 3 Each committee member assesses the performance of each committee on which he or she sits, including by evaluating the specific areas over which the committee has oversight responsibility. by the Board, to continually improve governance processes, including the flow of information from committees to the Board and the evaluation process itself 4 Board members meet individually with the Board Chair and the independent third party to discuss their assessments and to provide further feedback. by all Board committees, to evolve meeting agendas so the information they receive enables them to effectively address the issues they consider most critical 5 The Board Chair and the independent third party share feedback received with individual directors, the Nominating and Governance Committee, and the full Board. by the Nominating and Governance Committee, as part of its annual review of each director s performance when considering whether to nominate the director for re-election to the Board 6 The full Board reviews and discusses the feedback. Each year, our Board members assess the performance of the Board and its committees, including evaluation of the following. Topics covered by the Board during the year Board members evaluate the broad and evolving range of focus areas in order to assess the Board s effectiveness. Board culture and structure Board members evaluate the board s ability to have candid discussions, the rigor of the decision making, and the Board s composition. Board processes The Board considers, among other things, the number of meetings, allocation of time for discussions, and Board performance. Information and resources received by the Board Board members assess, among other things, the quality of the materials the Board receives and the performance of advisors to the Board and its committees. Effectiveness of each Board committee and fellow members Board members assess the effectiveness of each committee and the quality of the reports that the Board receives from the committees. Annual Board Evaluation Corporate Governance INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 19 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Transactions with Related Persons The Audit and Risk Committee is responsible for reviewing, and approving or ratifying, as appropriate, transactions between Intuit (or one of our subsidiaries) and any related person of Intuit. Under Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules, related persons include directors, officers, nominees for director, 5% stockholders, and any of their respective immediate family members. The Audit and Risk Committee has adopted a written policy, which is described below, to evaluate these transactions for approval or ratification. Identifying related persons. We collect and update information about our directors, executive officers, individuals related to them and their respective affiliated entities through annual Director Officer Questionnaires and quarterly director and executive officer affiliation summaries. Directors and executive officers provide the names of their immediate family members as well as the entities with which they and their immediate family members are affiliated, including board memberships, executive officer positions, and positions with charitable organizations. Audit and Risk Committee annual pre-approval. On an annual basis, Intuit s accounting, procurement, and legal departments prepare requests for pre-approval of transactions or relationships involving related persons or parties with which Intuit is expected to do business during the upcoming fiscal year. During its regular fourth quarter meeting, the Audit and Risk Committee reviews these requests including the material terms of the transaction and the nature of the related person s interests, and generally pre-approves annual spending and/or revenue levels for each transaction or relationship. Periodic approvals. During the year, the list of known related persons is circulated to appropriate Intuit employees and is used to identify transactions with related persons. If we identify an actual or potential transaction with a related person that was not pre-approved by the Audit and Risk Committee, Intuit s legal department collects information regarding the transaction, including the identity of the other party, the value of the transaction, and the size and significance of the transaction to both Intuit and the other party. This information is provided to the Audit and Risk Committee, which in its discretion may approve, ratify, rescind, place conditions upon, or take any other action with respect to the transaction. Monitoring approved transactions and relationships. Following approval by the Audit and Risk Committee, Intuit employees review and monitor the related person transactions and relationships from time to time. If transaction levels approach the approved limits, a new approval request is submitted to the Audit and Risk Committee for review at its next meeting. Since the beginning of fiscal 2025, there have been no transactions, and there currently are no proposed transactions, in excess of $120,000 between Intuit (or one of our subsidiaries) and a related person in which the related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Insider Trading Policy Our Policy Prohibiting Insider Trading governs the trading of our securities by our directors, officers, employees, and the company. It prohibits the purchase and sale of Intuit stock while an individual is in possession of material nonpublic information and provides for trading windows during which stock can be bought, sold or otherwise transferred. It also prohibits the placement of Intuit securities into a margin account, pledging any Intuit securities as a collateral for a loan, trading in put or call options or other derivatives of Intuit securities, engaging in short sales of Intuit securities, or purchasing any other financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds) that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of Intuit securities held directly or indirectly. We believe that the policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable insider trading laws, regulations, and rules. Stockholder Engagement Intuit regularly engages with stockholders to better understand their perspectives. During fiscal 2025, we held discussions with many of our largest stockholders during scheduled events, including our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and our annual investor day ( Investor Day ), and private meetings held frequently throughout the year. Investor Day In September 2025, we hosted our annual Investor Day at our offices in Mountain View, California. This in-person and virtual program gave stockholders the opportunity to hear directly from our management team about Intuit s performance in fiscal 2025, as well as our short- and long-term growth strategies and financial principles. Stockholders that attended in-person were able to ask questions of management. Intuit s leadership team also presented product demonstrations aligned to several of our Big Bet strategic initiatives. The Investor Day materials can be viewed at https://investors.intuit.com/news-events/ir-calendar/detail/20250918-intuits-annual-investor-day . 20 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Transactions with Related Persons T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Investor Outreach Members of the management team and, at times, Board leadership regularly hold private meetings with stockholders to discuss their perspectives and solicit feedback on various topics. Fall Fiscal 2026 Outreach We invited stockholders representing approximately We met with stockholders representing approximately Since our 2025 Annual Meeting, we invited the holders of approximately 51%* of our shares to meet with us to discuss, among other things, our corporate governance and executive compensation practices. Investors holding approximately 30%* of our outstanding shares accepted the invitation to meet with our management team and, at times the Board Chair, to discuss these important matters. * As of October 31, 2025 During these meetings, we discussed the following topics with stockholders: Board oversight of our cybersecurity program Our principles for responsibly operating and scaling our AI-driven expert platform Our AI governance approach designed to help identify risk and prevent potential harm to our customers, workers, and communities we serve Board skills, refreshment, evaluation, structure, and composition Our climate initiatives, including our net-zero goals and strategies to achieve them, and related disclosures Board oversight of acquisition and integration risks Board oversight of organizational development, including succession planning Our approach to executive compensation and alignment between our strategy and our executive compensation practices Stockholder Feedback Informs Meaningful Board Action In general, feedback from our stockholders regarding our executive compensation, corporate responsibility, and corporate governance practices is positive. The Board carefully considers the feedback from stockholders and has incorporated it where appropriate. Some examples over the last several years include: Enhanced Public Reporting and Meaningful Action to Drive Change Publicly disclosing responsible AI principles and governance practices Reporting climate data against the TCFD framework Providing more robust disclosures about the key skills and expertise of our Board members Expanding our disclosures to include our corporate responsibility strategies and goals and our progress on them Setting and disclosing science-based net-zero emissions targets Stockholder Engagement Corporate Governance INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 21 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Expanded Board Oversight Disclosures Expanding our proxy and other disclosures, including, for example, to provide more information about Board oversight of our cybersecurity, corporate responsibility, human capital, corporate responsibility and corporate culture Publicly disclosing the Board s oversight of our AI efforts, including our responsible AI program Amending the charter of our Compensation Committee to explicitly provide for that committee s oversight of clawback policies We will continue to engage with our stockholders on a regular basis in order to understand their perspectives and incorporate their feedback, as appropriate, on our financial and stock performance, business strategies, executive compensation programs, and corporate governance practices. Stockholder Communications with the Board Any stockholder may communicate with the entire Board or individual directors through our Corporate Secretary via our website at https://investors.intuit.com/corporate-governance/conduct-and-guidelines/contact-the-board/default.aspx or by mail c/o Corporate Secretary, Intuit Inc., P.O. Box 7850, Mail Stop 2700, Mountain View, California 94039-7850. For faster delivery, we suggest that any communications be made via our website. The Board has instructed our Corporate Secretary to review this correspondence and determine whether matters submitted are appropriate for Board consideration. The stockholder communications determined to be appropriate for Board consideration are reviewed by the Nominating and Governance Committee on behalf of the Board. Our Corporate Secretary may forward certain communications elsewhere in the company for review and possible response. Communications such as product or commercial inquiries or complaints, job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations, advertisements, or patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate material are not forwarded to the Board. 22 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Stockholder Engagement T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Corporate Responsibility Highlights To help power prosperity around the world, our corporate responsibility strategy is aligned to our mission, our values, and our True North Goals. A way we hold ourselves accountable to our mission is to set measurable True North Goals for the communities we serve. The Compensation Committee considers our performance against all of our True North Goals when making executive compensation determinations. The Board's oversight of these True North Goals is described under the Key Areas of Oversight in the Corporate Governance section. Job Creation We believe that talent is dispersed equally, but the opportunity to prosper is not. Rapid technological, environmental, and societal shifts are driving rising inequality in communities across the globe, leading to a lack of job opportunities in many communities today. Through the Prosperity Hub program, we work to address these challenges by creating both virtual and on-site jobs in underserved areas across the U.S. Prosperity Hubs help strengthen local economies and create career pathways that transform financial outcomes for individuals and families. Working with key customer success partner-employers, we engage, train, and retain talent to provide domain and product expertise supporting our offerings. We launched our first Prosperity Hub in 2016 and, in fiscal 2025, our Prosperity Hub program supported over 19,000 seasonal and year-round jobs in these communities, exceeding our goal of 18,000. The jobs generated $224 million of economic impact to the communities we serve, exceeding our fiscal 2025 goal of $190 million. In fiscal 2025, our Prosperity Hubs had supported over 19,000 seasonal and year-round jobs Job Readiness We are committed to providing the education and training that prepares individuals for a prosperous tomorrow. Our programs are designed to spark economic prosperity by preparing students for jobs of the future and teaching finance and durable skills. In fiscal 2025, we continued to partner on these programs with school districts across the U.S., including expanding our Food Truck Program a free work-based program to provide hands-on training in running a business in high schools to eight school districts. Our Intuit for Education program also delivered free personal and entrepreneurial financial education using engaging, real-world tools. Since fiscal 2020, we have prepared over 9.3 million individuals for jobs and their financial futures, exceeding our fiscal 2025 cumulative goal of 6.2 million students. Better prepared over 9.3 million individuals for jobs and their financial futures since fiscal 2020 Positive Impact on Climate We have long been focused on making a positive impact on climate, an issue that we believe directly affects prosperity among communities, ecosystems, and businesses. We take a holistic approach to climate and sustainability, driving initiatives both internally within our operational footprint as well as externally in support of the communities we serve. We are committed to reaching net-zero greenhouse gas emissions across our value chain by fiscal 2040, including Scopes 1, 2, and 3. This target has been validated and approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), a global body that enables businesses to set ambitious emissions reduction targets in line with the latest climate science and is also aligned with the Paris Climate Accords, an international treaty on climate change that calls for net-zero global emissions by 2050. For fiscal 2025, we established a goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 10,000 metric tonnes, as a measure of incremental progress towards our 2040 net-zero goals. In fiscal 2025, we reduced greenhouse gas emissions intensity in our value chain but did not meet our interim fiscal 2025 goal for absolute emissions. However, we remain committed to meet our net-zero goals by fiscal 2040. Committed to reach net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by fiscal 2040, including Scopes 1, 2, and 3 To learn more about our holistic approach to making an impact on our True North stakeholders, see our Investor Relations website at https://investors.intuit.com/stakeholder-impact . Corporate Responsibility Highlights Corporate Governance INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 23 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Our Director Nominees The Board currently consists of 13 directors, 11 of whom are standing for re-election to the Board at the Meeting. Based on the recommendations of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Board has nominated Eve Burton, Scott D. Cook, Richard L. Dalzell, Sasan K. Goodarzi, Deborah Liu, Tekedra Mawakana, Forrest Norrod, Vasant Prabhu, Thomas Szkutak, Raul Vazquez, and Eric S. Yuan for election at the Meeting. All of the nominees were last elected to the Board by our stockholders at our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Suzanne Nora Johnson and Ryan Roslansky, who are currently serving on the Board, are not nominees for re-election to the Board at the Meeting. Effective as of the Meeting date, the size of our Board will be reduced to 11 members, and is expected to increase to 13 members on the effective date of the appointments of Ms. Friedman and Mr. McDermott. The Board thanks Ms. Nora Johnson and Mr. Roslansky for their years of service. Broad Range of Skills and Expertise Our Board nominees are a group of leaders with broad and diverse experience in many areas, as shown below. These are the skills and qualifications our Board considers important for our directors in light of our current business strategy and structure. Our Board nominees have acquired these diverse skills through their accomplished careers and their service as executives and directors of a wide range of other public and private companies. Customer domain expertise consumer and small and mid-market businesses 9 director nominees Go-to-market, digital marketing, partnerships, and international expertise 11 director nominees Public company board experience (current and former) 10 director nominees Product domain expertise - SaaS, mobile, services, and money innovation 9 director nominees Public policy/government relations 4 director nominees Financial acumen or expertise, including CEO/CFO or audit committee experience 11 director nominees Technology domain expertise software development, cloud, data, AI, platform, and cybersecurity 10 director nominees C-suite experience (current and former) 11 director nominees Proven business acumen, collaboration, and industry engagement 11 director nominees The charts in the Proxy Summary on page 4 provides additional detail regarding the composition of our Board. Board Refreshment Our directors have an extensive breadth of professional backgrounds, including as entrepreneurs, technologists, operational, and financial experts, and global enterprise leaders. In addition, our slate of nominees reflects a balance between Intuit s commitment to thoughtful Board refreshment and the value of the experience that our longer-tenured directors bring, as well as a diversity of backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. In the past three years, we ve added four new independent directors to our Board and four of our nine continuing independent director nominees have served on our Board for five or fewer years. We describe the Nominating and Governance Committee s processes for identifying director nominees and reviewing the Board s composition in the Corporate Governance section. On November 18, 2025, the Board appointed Adena Friedman and Bill McDermott to the Board as independent directors to a term that will begin on August 1, 2026 in order to accommodate their pre-existing professional obligations, Ms. Friedman s and Mr. McDermott s initial terms will run through the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, when we currently expect they will stand as nominees. Ms. Friedman and Mr. McDermott are not nominees for election as directors at the Meeting. 24 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Our Director Nominees T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Director Biographies Eve Burton Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, The Hearst Corporation Independent Director since: 2016 Committees: Acquisition, Audit and Risk Age: 67 Professional Background The Hearst Corporation , one of the nation s largest global diversified communications and software companies Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since December 2019 Senior Vice President, General Counsel, 2012-2019 Vice President and General Counsel, 2002-2012 Member of Board of Directors, CEO s strategic advisory group and the Hearst Venture Investment Committee Founder and Chairwoman of HearstLab, which invests in women-led startups Ms. Burton manages a global legal team that provides services to all of Hearst s more than 350 businesses around the world. In addition, she oversees compliance, government affairs, and innovation programs. She is also one of Hearst s leaders in M A and in establishing worldwide strategic enterprise deals. Prior to joining Hearst, Ms. Burton served as Vice President and Chief Legal Counsel at Cable News Network (CNN). She serves on the board of directors of A E Television Networks LLC and previously served on the board of directors of AOL. Other Affiliations The David and Helen Gurley Brown Institute for Media Innovation at Stanford and Columbia Universities Education Bachelor of Arts, Hampshire College Juris Doctor, Columbia Law School Key Skills and Experience Legal and business experience as an EVP and the chief legal officer of a global company engaged in a broad range of diversified communications and software businesses, including consumer and digital media, health, transportation, and financial services, as well as strategic partnerships and investments Insights into operational and security issues facing online consumer services companies and business-to-business software companies Expertise in the technology, go-to-market, and public policy domains Financial sophistication (in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards) Other Public Company Boards None Scott D. Cook Founder, Intuit Inc. Director since: 1984 Age: 73 Professional Background Intuit Founder Chairman of the Board, 1993-1998 President and Chief Executive Officer, 1984-1994 Mr. Cook served on the board of directors of The Procter Gamble Company from 2000 to 2020, where he was a member of the Compensation and the Technology Innovation Committees, and on the board of directors of eBay Inc. from 1998 to 2015, where he was a member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Education Bachelor of Arts, Economics and Mathematics, University of Southern California Master of Business Administration, Harvard Business School Key Skills and Experience Experience as an entrepreneur and corporate executive with a background in guiding and fostering innovation at companies in technology and other sectors Extensive knowledge of Intuit s operations, markets, customers, management, and strategy Experience as a board member of other large, global, consumer-focused companies Expertise in the customer, technology, product, and go-to-market domains Other Public Company Boards None Our Director Nominees Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 25 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Richard L. Dalzell Former Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Amazon.com, Inc. Independent Director since: 2015 Committees: Acquisition (Chair), Audit and Risk Age: 68 Professional Background Amazon Senior Vice President of Worldwide Architecture and Platform Software and Chief Information Officer, 2001-2007 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, 2000-2001 Vice President and Chief Information Officer, 1997-2000 Before he joined Amazon, Mr. Dalzell was Vice President of the Information Systems Division at Walmart Inc. for three years. Mr. Dalzell was a director of AOL.com, Inc. from 2009 until it was acquired by Verizon Communications Inc. in 2015. He also served as a member of the board of directors of Twilio, Inc. from 2014 to 2023, where he was a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Education Bachelor of Science, Engineering, the United States Military Academy at West Point Key Skills and Experience Extensive experience, expertise and background in information technology, platform software, cloud computing, and cybersecurity, as well as a global perspective Corporate leadership experience gained from his service in various senior executive roles Expertise in the product, technology and go-to-market domains Other Public Company Boards None Sasan K. Goodarzi President and Chief Executive Officer, Intuit Inc. Board Chair (effective as of the Meeting date) Director since: 2019 Age: 57 Professional Background Intuit President and CEO since 2019 Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Small Business Self-Employed Group, 2016-2018 Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Consumer Tax Group, 2015-2016 Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Consumer Tax Group, 2013-2015 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, 2011-2013 Led several business units, including Intuit Financial Services and the professional tax division, 2004-2010 Mr. Goodarzi served as Chief Executive Officer of Nexant Inc., a privately held provider of intelligent grid software and clean energy solutions, for ten months beginning in November 2010. Prior to joining Intuit, Mr. Goodarzi worked for Invensys, a global provider of industrial automation, transportation and controls technology, serving as Global President of the Products group. He also held a number of senior leadership roles in the automation control division at Honeywell. Education Bachelor of Science, Electrical Engineering, University of Central Florida Master of Business Administration, Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University Key Skills and Experience Deep understanding of Intuit s business and culture Instrumental contributions to and experience in developing and executing our strategic priorities Expertise in the customer, product, technology, go-to-market, and public policy/government relations domains Other Public Company Boards Atlassian Corporation since 2018 (chairs the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee) 26 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Our Director Nominees T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Deborah Liu Former President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Ancestry.com LLC Independent Director since: 2017 Committees: Compensation and Organizational Development, Nominating and Governance (Chair) Age: 49 Professional Background Ancestry , a family history and consumer genomics company President, Chief Executive Officer and member of the board of directors, 2021 - 2025 Facebook (now Meta Platforms, Inc.) Held several senior executive positions, including Vice President of FB App Commerce, Vice President, Platform Marketplace, and Director of Product Management, 2014 - 2021 Helped create Facebook s commerce and payments businesses Led the development of Facebook s first mobile ad product for apps and Audience Network Built Facebook's games business and payments platform Ms. Liu has worked in the tech industry for over 20 years. Prior to Facebook, she spent several years in product roles at PayPal and eBay, including leading the integration between the two products. She holds several payments and commerce-related patents. Other Affiliations Founder of Women in Product, a nonprofit to connect and support women in the product management field Education Bachelor of Science, Civil Engineering, Duke University Master of Business Administration, Stanford Graduate School of Business Key Skills and Experience Extensive executive management experience in large global technology companies Deep technical understanding of mobile platforms Strong background building personalized and rich experiences across apps, products, people, and third-party integrations Expertise in the customer, product, technology, and go-to-market domains Other Public Company Boards None Tekedra Mawakana Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director, Waymo LLC Independent Director since: 2020 Committees: Compensation and Organizational Development, Nominating and Governance Age: 54 Professional Background Waymo , an autonomous driving technology company Co-Chief Executive Officer and member of board of directors since April 2021 Chief Operating Officer, 2019-April 2021 Chief External Officer, 2018-2019 Global Head of Policy, 2017-2018 Prior to joining Waymo, Ms. Mawakana served as Vice President, Global Government Relations and Public Policy at eBay from 2016 to 2017 and Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, Global Public Policy at Yahoo from 2013 to 2016. She started her career at the DC-based law firm Steptoe Johnson LLP. Other Affiliations Member of the Advisory Council to Boom Technology Inc. Former Member of the Board of Industry Leaders of the Consumer Technology Association Education Bachelor of Arts, Trinity College (now Trinity Washington University) Juris Doctor, Columbia Law School Key Skills and Experience Extensive experience in advising publicly traded consumer technology companies on global regulatory policy Deep understanding of public policy related to commerce and advanced applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning Expertise in the customer, technology, go-to-market, and public policy/government relations domains Other Public Company Boards None Our Director Nominees Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 27 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Forrest Norrod Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Data Center Solutions Business Group, AMD Independent Director since: 2024 Committees: Compensation and Organizational Development, Nominating and Governance Age: 60 Professional Background Advanced Micro Devices , an adaptive computing company Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Data Center Solutions Business Group since January 2023 Vice President and General Manager of the Data Center Solutions Business Group, 2014-2023 Mr. Norrod is a seasoned leader with more than 35 years of technology industry experience. Prior to joining Advanced Micro Devices, Mr. Norrod spent nearly 14 years at Dell Inc. in various leadership roles, including Vice President and General Manager of Servers from 2010-2014, Vice President and General Manager of Data Center Solutions from 2007-2010, Vice President of Engineering from 2006-2007, Vice President of Enterprise Engineering from 2002-2006, and Vice President of Desktop and Workstation Development from 2001-2002. He served on the board of directors of Intersil Corporation from 2014-2017, where he was on the Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Education Bachelor of Science, Electrical Engineering, Virginia Tech Master of Science, Electrical Engineering, Virginia Tech Key Skills and Experience Executive management experience within large, global technology organizations Deep experience in advanced technologies, including artificial intelligence Extensive experience driving global growth of companies at scale Financial sophistication (in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards) Other Public Company Boards None Vasant Prabhu Former Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman of Visa, Inc. Lead Independent Director (effective as of the Meeting date) Director since: 2024 Committees: Acquisition, Audit and Risk Age: 65 Professional Background Visa Inc. , a global digital payments company Chief Financial Officer, 2015-2023 Vice Chairman, 2019-2023 Prior to joining Visa Inc., Mr. Prabhu served as Chief Financial Officer of NBCUniversal Media, LLC, from 2014-2015. Mr. Prabhu previously served as Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman of Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc. from 2004-2014. He was also Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Safeway, Inc. from 2000-2003. He also held various senior leadership roles at McGraw Hill Companies from 1998-2000, PepsiCo Inc. from 1992-1998, and Booz Allen Hamilton from 1983-1992. He served on the board of directors of Mattel, Inc. from 2007-2020, where he was chair of the Audit Committee. Education Bachelor of Technology, Mechanical Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Masters of Business Administration, University of Chicago Key Skills and Experience Deep public company financial expertise Extensive executive management experience in large global technology companies Expertise in the customer, product, technology, and go-to-market domains Audit committee financial expert (as defined by SEC rules) with financial sophistication (in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards) Other Public Company Boards Delta Air Lines, Inc. since 2023 (serves on Financial Committee and Safety Security Committee) Kenvue Inc. since 2023 (chairs the Audit Committee) 28 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Our Director Nominees T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Thomas Szkutak Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Amazon.com, Inc. Independent Director since: 2018 Committees: Audit and Risk (Chair), Nominating and Governance Age: 64 Professional Background Amazon Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 2002-2015 General Electric Chief Financial Officer of GE Lighting, 2001-2002 Finance Director of GE Plastics Europe, 1999-2001 Executive Vice President of Finance at GE Asset Management (formerly known as GE Investments), 1997-1999 Graduate of GE s financial management program Mr. Szkutak served as an advisor and operating partner of Advent International, a global private equity firm, from 2017 to 2024. He served on the board of directors of athenahealth, Inc. from 2016 to 2019, where he was chair of the Audit Committee, and on the board of directors of Zendesk, Inc. from 2019 to 2022, where he was the chair of the Audit Committee. Education Bachelor of Science, Business Administration, Boston University Key Skills and Experience Deep public company financial expertise Executive management experience with large, global organizations Expertise in the customer, product, and go-to-market domains Audit committee financial expert (as defined by SEC rules) with financial sophistication (in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards) Other Public Company Boards None Raul Vazquez Chief Executive Officer and Director, Oportun Financial Corporation Independent Director since: 2016 Committees: Acquisition, Compensation and Organizational Development (Chair) Age: 54 Professional Background Oportun Financial , a financial technology company Chief Executive Officer, since 2012 Prior to joining Oportun, Mr. Vazquez spent nine years at Walmart in various senior leadership roles, including Executive Vice President and President of Walmart West, Chief Executive Officer of Walmart.com, and Executive Vice President of Global eCommerce for developed markets. Mr. Vazquez previously worked in startup companies in e-commerce, at a global strategy consulting firm focused on Fortune 100 companies, and as an industrial engineer for Baxter Healthcare. Mr. Vazquez served on the board of directors of Staples, Inc. from 2013 to 2016. Other Affiliations Chair of the Federal Reserve Board s Community Advisory Council, 2015-2017 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau s Consumer Advisory Board, 2016-2018 Education Bachelor of Science, Industrial Engineering, Stanford University Master of Science, Industrial Engineering, Stanford University Master of Business Administration, The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania Key Skills and Experience Wide range of experience in innovative consumer financial products, retail, marketing, e-commerce, technology, and community development Executive leadership experience with global organizations Expertise in the customer, product, technology, go-to-market, and public policy/government relations domains Other Public Company Boards Oportun Financial Corporation since 2019 Our Director Nominees Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement 29 T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Eric S. Yuan Chief Executive Officer and Director, Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Independent Director since: 2023 Committees: Audit and Risk, Nominating and Governance Age: 55 Professional Background Zoom Video Communications , an all-in-one intelligent collaboration platform Chief Executive Officer, since 2011 Prior to founding Zoom in 2011, Mr. Yuan was Corporate Vice President of Engineering at Cisco, where he was responsible for Cisco's collaboration software development. Mr. Yuan was also one of the founding engineers and Vice President of Engineering at Webex, which was acquired by Cisco. He is a named inventor on 11 issued and 20 pending patents. Education Bachelor of Science, Applied Math, Shandong University of Science Technology Master of Engineering, China University of Mining Technology Key Skills and Experience Extensive executive management experience in large global technology companies Deep technical understanding of SaaS and mobile platforms Expertise in the customer, product, technology, go-to-market, and public policy/government relations domains Audit committee financial expert (as defined by SEC rules) with financial sophistication (in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards) Other Public Company Boards Zoom Video Communications, Inc. since 2011 Election Mechanics Each nominee, if elected, will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until a qualified successor is elected, unless the nominee dies, resigns or is removed from the Board before that meeting. Although we know of no reason why any of the nominees would not be able or willing to serve, if any nominee is unable or unwilling to serve or for good cause does not serve, the proxy holder can vote your shares either for a substitute nominee (if one is proposed by the Board) or just for the remaining nominees, leaving a vacancy. Alternatively, the Board may further reduce the size of the Board. If a nominee does not receive more votes in favor than votes against their election, Delaware law provides that the director would continue to serve on the Board as a holdover director. However, in accordance with Intuit s bylaws and Corporate Governance Principles, each director has submitted an advance, contingent, irrevocable resignation that the Board may accept if stockholders do not elect the director. In that situation, our Nominating and Governance Committee would make a recommendation to the Board about whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether to take other action. The Board would act on the Nominating and Governance Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision and the rationale behind it, within 90 days of the date the election results are certified. The Board recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of the director nominees. 30 INTUIT 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Our Director Nominees T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s Director Compensation Annual Retainer and Equity Compensation Program for Non-Employee Directors Our director compensation programs are designed to attract and retain qualified non-employee board members and to align their interests with the long-term interests of our stockholders. The Compensation Committee annually reviews and considers information from its independent compensation consultant regarding the amounts and type of compensation paid to non-management directors at companies within the same peer group the committee uses to assess executive compensation. The Compensation Committee makes recommendations to the Board if it determines changes are needed. In October 2024, the Compensation Committee reviewed the compensation of our non-employee directors and recommended, and the Board determined, to increase the annual equity retainer to $280,000 and increase the additional annual cash retainers for Audit and Risk Committee members to $20,000 in calendar year 2025. The elements of 