=== INTU_2025-09-03.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report for important information to consider when evaluating these statements. All statements in this report, other than statements that are purely historical, are forward-looking statements. Words such as will, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, forecast, estimate, seek, and similar expressions also identify forward-looking statements. In this report, forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the following: our expectations and beliefs regarding future conduct and growth of the business; statements regarding the impact of macroeconomic conditions on our business; our beliefs and expectations regarding seasonality, competition, and other trends that affect our business; our expectation that we will continue to invest significant resources in our product development, marketing and sales capabilities, including products and services incorporating artificial intelligence; our expectation that we will continue to invest significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities; our expectation that we will work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers from fraud; our expectation that we will generate significant cash from operations; our expectation that total service revenue as a percentage of our total revenue will grow over the long term; our expectations regarding the development of future products, services, business models and technology platforms and our research and development efforts; our assumptions underlying our critical accounting estimates, including our judgments and estimates regarding revenue recognition; the fair value of goodwill; and expected future amortization of acquired intangible assets; our intention not to sell our investments and our belief that it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell them before recovery at par; our belief that the investments we hold are not other-than-temporarily impaired; our belief that we take prudent measures to mitigate investment-related risks; our belief that our exposure to currency exchange fluctuation risk will not be significant in the future; our assessments and estimates that determine our effective tax rate; our belief that our income tax valuation allowance is sufficient; our belief that it is not reasonably possible that there will be a significant increase or decrease in our unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months; our belief that our cash and cash equivalents, investments and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months; our expectation that we will return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and the payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs; our judgments and assumptions relating to our loan portfolio; our belief that our debt facilities will be available to us should we choose to borrow under them; our expectations regarding acquisitions and their impact on business and strategic priorities; our expectations regarding the timing and costs associated with our plan of reorganization; and our assessments and beliefs regarding the future developments and outcomes of pending legal proceedings and inquiries by regulatory authorities, the liability, if any, that Intuit may incur as a result of those proceedings and inquiries, and the impact of any potential losses or expenses associated with such proceedings or inquiries on our financial statements. We caution investors that forward-looking statements are only predictions based on our current expectations about future events and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in these forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and other factors that might cause such differences, some of which could be material, include but are not limited to those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report. We encourage you to read carefully all information provided in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission before deciding to invest in our stock or to maintain or change your investment. These forward-looking statements are based on information as of the filing date of this Annual Report and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1 - BUSINESS BACKGROUND Overview and Mission Intuit is a global financial technology platform with a mission to power prosperity around the world. Serving approximately 100 million consumers, small and mid-market businesses, and accountants worldwide, Intuit s platform brings the power of artificial intelligence (AI) and human intelligence together to fuel customers success. With TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, Mailchimp, and Intuit Enterprise Suite, we help put more money in customers pockets, save them time by eliminating work, and help ensure that they have complete confidence in every financial decision they make. Our strategy is to be an AI-driven expert platform by connecting customers to a virtual team of AI agents and AI-enabled human tax and financial experts. We're creating done-for-you experiences by automating everyday tasks, managing complex workflows and processes, and solving challenges before they arise with predictive insights. We connect customers to AI-enabled human experts for that last mile of decisions or to complete the work for them. We harness the power of data, data services, AI, and human intelligence that help customers reach their financial goals. Intuit's all-in-one business platform helps customers run and grow their businesses end-to-end, from lead to cash. This includes financial management - including payments and capital - compliance, human capital management, and marketing products and services. Intuit's consumer platform helps customers do their taxes with ease and confidence and improve their financial success, from credit building to wealth building, with tax and personal financial management products. For accounting professionals, we provide professional tax and financial management products and services. Intuit Inc. was incorporated in California in March 1984. We reincorporated in Delaware and completed our initial public offering in March 1993. Our principal executive offices are located at 2700 Coast Avenue, Mountain View, California, 94043, and our main telephone number is 650-944-6000. When we refer to we, our, or Intuit in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean the current Delaware corporation (Intuit Inc.) and its California predecessor, as well as all of our consolidated subsidiaries. Our Business Portfolio We organize our businesses into four reportable segments: Global Business Solutions (1) : This segment serves small and mid-market businesses around the world, and the accounting professionals who assist and advise them. QuickBooks and Intuit Enterprise Suite are offerings powered by our all-in-one business platform which includes financial management services, human capital management solutions such as payroll and time tracking, money solutions, such as merchant payment processing, bill pay, checking accounts through an FDIC-member bank partner, and financing for small and mid-market businesses. Intuit Enterprise Suite provides mid-market businesses with a configurable, AI-powered solution that includes multi-entity and multi-dimensional financial management capabilities designed to seamlessly scale and enhance productivity and profitability for more complex businesses to streamline operations. Mailchimp offerings include marketing automation and customer relationship tools. Consumer : This segment primarily serves consumers, helping customers get their taxes done with confidence whether they do it themselves or with the help of an AI-enabled human expert. TurboTax delivers do-it-yourself and assisted income tax preparation products and services sold in the United States (U.S.) and Canada. Credit Karma : This segment serves consumers with a personal finance offering that helps members find the right financial products and make smarter money decisions throughout the year to reach their financial goals. This includes personalized recommendations for credit card, home, auto, and personal loan, and insurance products; online savings and checking accounts through an FDIC-member bank partner; and access to their credit scores and reports, credit and identity monitoring, credit report dispute, credit building tools, and tools to help understand net worth and make financial progress. ProTax : This segment serves professional accountants in the U.S. and Canada, who are essential to both business success and tax preparation and filing. Our professional tax offerings include Lacerte, ProSeries, and ProConnect Tax Online in the U.S., and ProFile and ProTax Online in Canada. (1) On August 1, 2024, we renamed our Small Business Self-Employed segment as the Global Business Solutions segment. 4 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents Our Business and Growth Strategy The era of AI is igniting global innovations at an incredible pace and will fundamentally transform every part of our work and personal lives. We made an early bet on AI, declaring our AI-driven expert platform strategy in 2019. We have transformed the company from a tax and accounting platform to an AI-driven expert platform. We have a significant competitive advantage with our scale of data, data services, AI capabilities, ecosystem of applications, and our large network of AI-enabled human experts to become the all-in-one platform for consumers, businesses, and accountants. We're disrupting the categories we operate in to drive better money outcomes for our customers. We leverage AI and human intelligence to provide our customers with done-for-you experiences that automate tasks, identify actionable insights to drive important decisions, and manage end-to-end workflows or entire processes to eliminate work, while ensuring the customer remains in control. When customers need additional help or want help to complete the work on their behalf, we connect them with the best human expert from our network of thousands of AI-enabled financial, tax, and bookkeeping experts who can complete a specific task, address specialized questions, or manage the entire workload. Our strategy, combined with our Big Bets that focus on the largest customer problems and growth opportunities, positions us for durable growth. In fiscal 2025, we launched a transformative set of AI agents that provide customers with a virtual team to complete jobs on their behalf, dramatically improving how businesses run and grow. Combined with our AI-enabled human experts, these agents are automating workflows and delivering real-time insights to drive growth and improve cash flow. Our redesigned user interface and new business feed highlights these real-time insights and recommendations and the tasks completed by agents on behalf of the customer. We also launched AI agents in Intuit Enterprise Suite, including accounting, payments, finance, and project management agents, transforming how our small and mid-market business customers manage their finances by automating a variety of day-to-day tasks, and increasing productivity. Our innovation has been possible with the investments in our proprietary Generative AI Operating System (GenOS), which have enabled us to fuel innovation with unparalleled speed for our customers. Built for our internal developers, GenOS not only keeps pace with rapid technological industry advances but is setting the pace by melding the best of artificial intelligence and human intelligence on our platform. This enables us to rapidly deliver a new class of intelligent, autonomous financial solutions that will define the next decade of growth for our customers and for Intuit. Our AI-driven expert platform and products are built in keeping with the company s commitment to data privacy, security, and responsible AI governance. We safeguard customer data and protect privacy using industry-leading technology and practices, and adhere to responsible AI principles that guide how we operate and scale our platform with our customers best interests in mind. As we execute our global AI-driven expert platform strategy, we prioritize resources on our Big Bets across the company. We have driven significant momentum across the company over the past year. Looking ahead, we are doubling down on the areas that drove strong results this year where the combination of AI and human intelligence delivers done-for-you experiences, helps customers put more money in their pockets, and builds our mid-market business. As the external environment evolves, we continue to innovate and adapt our strategy and anticipate our customers needs. For more than 40 years, we have been dedicated to developing innovative solutions that are designed to solve our customers' most important financial problems. At Intuit, we believe that everyone should have the opportunity to prosper, and we never stop working to find new, innovative ways to make that possible. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES During fiscal 2025, we offered our products and services in the four segments described in Our Business Portfolio above. The following table shows the percentage of total revenue contributed by each of these segments over the last three fiscal years. Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2023 Global Business Solutions 59 % 59 % 56 % Consumer 26 % 27 % 29 % Credit Karma 12 % 10 % 11 % ProTax 3 % 4 % 4 % Total international net revenue was approximately 8% of consolidated total net revenue in each of the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. For financial information about our reportable segments, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 5 Table of Contents Global Business Solutions Our Global Business Solutions segment serves small and mid-market businesses around the world, and the accounting professionals who assist and advise them. Our vision is to be the connected all-in-one platform with a virtual team of AI agents and AI-enabled human experts that small and mid-market businesses rely on every day to run and grow their businesses. Small and mid-market business owners are constantly faced with challenges and barriers in their journey to success. Universally, businesses at every stage of growth struggle to get customers, pay and get paid, get capital, manage their workforce, get access to advice, and stay compliant. Our all-in-one platform features AI agents, providing actionable, AI-driven insights and automation to help our customers grow and run their businesses with confidence. These AI agents are also able to work alongside our large network of AI-enabled human experts to provide businesses with additional expertise and support. Get Customers Mailchimp . Mailchimp offers email and other marketing solutions that enable small and mid-market businesses to digitally promote themselves across email, social media, short message service (SMS), landing pages, ads, websites, and more, all from one place. Pay and Get Paid Payment Processing Solutions . Our full range of merchant services for small and mid-market businesses includes credit card, debit card, Apple Pay, and ACH payment services for in-person and card-not-present payments. We offer instant deposit and payment dispute protection options for eligible customers. Through seamless onboarding and automated transaction reconciliation, our payment processing solutions are deeply integrated into our QuickBooks Online, Desktop, and Intuit Enterprise Suite offerings. QuickBooks Checking . The QuickBooks Checking business bank account comes with a physical and virtual debit card for more spending power, fast payments with no-fee Instant Deposit, and powerful cash flow management with envelopes for partitioning funds for future expenses, all with no fees. Bill Pay . Our QuickBooks Online offerings and Intuit Enterprise Suite allow small and mid-market businesses to organize bills and make payments online. Small and mid-market businesses can connect with vendors and automatically import bills through our network, resulting in easier and faster payments. Get Capital Capital . We offer financing options for small and mid-market businesses to help them get the capital they need to succeed. The financing process provides customers with the ability to use their QuickBooks data to qualify to borrow capital, whether from Intuit via our originating bank partner or from partners on our QuickBooks Capital Marketplace. Additionally, QuickBooks Line of Credit provides flexible access to capital through pre-approved credit limits. Qualified small and mid-market businesses can choose to borrow funds through a series of term loans within a maximum approved credit limit. Manage Their Workforce Workforce Solutions . Our payroll solutions, available as online or desktop solutions, are sold on a subscription basis and integrate with our QuickBooks Online and Desktop offerings and Intuit Enterprise Suite, or may be purchased standalone. Our online payroll offerings include automated tax payments and filings, as well as access to human resources solutions and employee benefits offerings such as health insurance and 401(k) plans. We also offer time tracking solutions, which seamlessly integrate with our online payroll offerings to help businesses easily and accurately track time for their mobile workforce, including tools for project planning, job costing, and tracking billable hours per client. Access Advice QuickBooks Live . Businesses can get support through Expert Assisted and Full-Service Bookkeeping. With QuickBooks Live Expert Assisted, businesses have on-demand access to expert bookkeepers who can provide guidance and support on managing their books and making smart business decisions. With QuickBooks Live Full-Service Bookkeeping, businesses get one-on-one support from our team of expert bookkeepers to manage and maintain books with guaranteed accuracy. Our experienced bookkeepers are certified QuickBooks ProAdvisors, and many are Certified Public Accountants. QuickBooks ProAdvisor . Accounting professionals can assist with bookkeeping, taxes, payroll, and more. Our free Find a ProAdvisor service helps customers find a QuickBooks Certified accountant or bookkeeper who knows their niche, speaks their language, or is nearby. To enable our network of hundreds of thousands of accountants, we offer memberships to the QuickBooks ProAdvisor program, which provides accountants access to QuickBooks Online Accountant, technical support, training, product certification, marketing tools, and discounts on Intuit products and services purchased on behalf of clients. 6 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents Be Compliant QuickBooks Online . Designed for all kinds of businesses, QuickBooks Online helps simplify accounting and tax compliance. Users can track income and expenses, create and send invoices and estimates, manage and pay bills, and review a variety of financial reports. QuickBooks Online also has powerful industry-specific capabilities such as features for product-based businesses. QuickBooks Online is an open platform, enabling third-party developers to create online and mobile applications that integrate with our offering. We offer different QuickBooks Online solutions depending on the size and complexity of the business, including Simple Start, Essentials, and Plus. QuickBooks Online Advanced is designed for mid-market businesses with more complex needs. QuickBooks Solopreneur and QuickBooks Self-Employed are designed for independent contractors and solo entrepreneurs. Intuit Enterprise Suite . Designed for complex mid-market companies seeking to streamline operations, enhance productivity, and support growth, this solution builds upon the familiar QuickBooks Online interface. It integrates advanced financial management solutions, such as multi-entity accounting and multi-dimensional reporting, along with human resource and marketing tools in a unified solution. QuickBooks Desktop Software . Our QuickBooks financial management solutions are also available as desktop versions for businesses on a subscription basis. QuickBooks Desktop Plus is designed for small businesses. QuickBooks Enterprise is designed for mid-market businesses with more complex needs and is available for download or as a hosted solution. This offering provides industry-specific reports and features for a range of industries, including Contractor, Manufacturing, Wholesale and Distribution, Retail, Nonprofit, Professional Services, and Accountants. Financial Supplies . We offer a range of financial supplies designed for individuals and businesses that use our QuickBooks offerings. These include standard paper checks, Secure Plus checks with CheckLock fraud protection features, a variety of stationery, tax forms, and related supplies. Consumer Our Consumer segment includes our TurboTax products and services that are designed to enable consumers and businesses to prepare and file their federal and state income tax returns quickly and accurately. These offerings are available either online or as desktop versions in the U.S. and Canada. They are designed to be easy to use yet sophisticated enough for complex tax returns, serving the varied needs of our customers, from those who file simple returns to those who itemize deductions, own investments or rental property, and manage small and mid-market businesses. Our do-it-yourself tax products and services are designed for customers who choose to independently prepare and file their tax returns. Our assisted tax products and services, such as TurboTax Live and TurboTax Live Full Service, are designed for customers who seek professional tax advice or who want their returns prepared by an expert. We also offer complementary services, including electronic filing of federal and state income tax returns, faster access to tax refunds, audit defense, and audit support. Our online tax preparation, filing, and other services are offered through the websites and mobile apps of thousands of financial institutions, electronic retailers, and other online merchants. Financial institutions can offer our online tax preparation and filing services to their customers through a link to TurboTax Online. Credit Karma Our Credit Karma segment provides consumers with a financial platform that propels them forward wherever they are on their financial journey, enabling them to understand their financial picture, make smart financial decisions, and stick to their financial plan. The platform offers a number of services to our members: access to their credit scores and reports, credit and identity monitoring, credit building, credit report dispute, tools to help understand net worth and make financial progress, personalized recommendations of credit card, loan, and insurance products, and access to our TurboTax offerings, including tax preparation software and early tax refunds. Credit Karma Money offers members online savings and checking accounts through an FDIC-member bank partner. To provide services to our members, Credit Karma works with a variety of partners, including credit bureaus, banks, credit card issuers, insurance carriers, and other financial institutions and lending partners. Additionally, Credit Karma leverages Lightbox, a first-of-its-kind enterprise platform which allows lenders to leverage thousands of de-identified data points from Credit Karma members to help provide our members with greater certainty that they will be approved if they apply for a financial product. ProTax Our ProTax segment includes our professional tax offerings and serves professional accountants in the U.S. and Canada, who are essential to both small business success and tax preparation and filing. Our professional tax offerings consist of Lacerte, ProSeries, and ProConnect Tax Online in the U.S., and ProFile and ProTax Online in Canada. These offerings enable accountants to accurately and efficiently complete and electronically file a full range of federal and state tax returns for individuals and businesses. Lacerte is designed for full-service, year-round accounting firms who handle more complex returns. ProSeries is designed for year-round tax practices handling moderately complex tax returns. ProConnect Tax Online is our Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 7 Table of Contents cloud-based solution, designed for full-service, year-round practices that prepare all types of individual and business returns and integrates with our QuickBooks Online offerings. ProFile is our Canadian desktop tax offering, which serves year-round, full-service accounting firms for both individual and business tax returns. ProTax Online is our Canadian cloud-based tax solution, designed for full-service, year-round practices who prepare all forms of individual and business tax returns. It is integrated into QuickBooks Online Accountant to provide seamless integration of data across books and tax through our Workpapers solution. We also offer a variety of tax-related services that complement the tax return preparation process, including advisory services, year-round document storage, bank products, e-signature, and collaboration services, as well as additional capabilities such as desktop hosting, fixed asset management, and third-party solutions for practice management for some of our U.S. tax offerings. PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT The markets for software and related services are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. To succeed in these markets, continuous investment is required to innovate, develop new products and services, and enhance existing offerings. Our product development efforts are more important than ever as we pursue our growth strategy. We develop many of our products and services internally, and we have a number of U.S. and foreign patents and pending applications that relate to various aspects of our products and technology. We supplement our internal development efforts by acquiring businesses and technologies. We also purchase or license products and technology from third parties and establish other relationships that enable us to enhance or expand our offerings more rapidly. We expect to expand our third-party technology relationships as we continue to pursue our growth strategy. Our offerings have rapid development cycles. In addition, developing consumer and professional tax software and services presents unique challenges because of the demanding development cycle required to accurately incorporate federal and state tax law and tax form changes within a rigid timetable. The development timing for our small business payroll and merchant payment processing services offerings varies with business needs and regulatory requirements, and the length of the development cycle depends on the scope and complexity of each project. We continue to make substantial investments in research and development. We expect to focus our future research and development efforts on enhancing existing products and services with done-for-you experiences, financial recommendations, personalization, and ease of use enabled by AI and other advanced technologies. We continue to focus on developing new products and services, including global offerings, and undertaking significant research and development for ongoing projects to update the technology platforms for several of our offerings. SEASONALITY Our Consumer and ProTax offerings have a significant and distinct seasonal pattern as sales and revenue from our income tax preparation products and services are typically heavily concentrated in the period from November through April. This seasonal pattern typically results in higher net revenues during our second and third quarters ending January 31 and April 30, respectively. We expect the seasonality of our Consumer and ProTax businesses to continue to have a material impact on our quarterly financial results in the future. MARKETING, SALES, AND DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS Markets Our primary customers are consumers and small and mid-market businesses. We also provide specialized tax and accounting products to professional accountants. We partner with financial institutions and other partners, who we connect with consumers on our platform. The markets in which we compete have always been characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements by competitors. The widespread usage of mobile devices and social media, along with the evolution of AI, has accelerated the pace of change and revolutionized how customers learn about, evaluate, and purchase products and services. Real-time, personalized online shopping experiences are the standard. In addition, many customers now begin shopping in one channel and ultimately purchase in another. This has created a need for integrated, multi-channel, shop-and-buy experiences. Market and industry changes quickly make existing products and services obsolete. Our success depends on our ability to respond rapidly to these changes with new business models, updated competitive strategies, new or enhanced products and services, and other changes in the way we do business. Marketing Programs We use a variety of marketing programs to generate direct sales, develop leads, increase general awareness of the Intuit brand and our product portfolio, and drive sales in retail. These programs include offline marketing, such as TV and radio advertising; digital marketing, such as display and pay-per-click advertising, search and generative engine optimization, and social and affiliate marketing; email marketing; in-product marketing to drive awareness of related products and services; public relations; 8 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents sponsorships; podcast marketing; mobile marketing; and retail marketing of our consumer tax offerings. Our campaigns are designed to attract new users, retain existing users, and cross-sell additional offerings. Sales and Distribution Channels Direct Channel . We offer our products and services directly through our websites, apps, and call centers. Direct online offerings are an effective channel for customers who can make purchase and other decisions regarding our and our partners offerings based on content provided on our websites, or via other online content and word-of-mouth recommendations. For many of our products, assisted sales continues to be an effective channel for serving customers who want live help to select the products and services that are right for their needs. We also have a direct sales force that calls on accountants, bookkeepers, and marketing professionals, and seeks to increase their awareness, usage, and recommendation of our business and professional tax solutions. We market certain products directly to mid-market businesses through our direct sales force. Multi-Channel Shop-and-Buy Experiences . Our customers primarily research products and services online. Many customers buy and use our products and services entirely online. Some research online but make their purchase at a retail location. Because many customers shop across multiple channels, we continue to coordinate our online, offline, and retail presence and promotions to support an integrated, multi-channel shop-and-buy model. We also focus on cross-selling complementary Intuit and third-party offerings online and in-product. Online App Stores . We distribute many of our offerings for mobile devices through proprietary online stores that provide applications for specific devices. Partner and Other Channels . We offer many of our products and services through partners and other channels, including value-added resellers, technology partners with complementary platforms, accountants, bookkeepers, marketing professionals, and professional service providers who help us reach new customers at the point of need and drive growth and market share by extending our online reach. These partners combine our products and services with marketing, sales, and technical expertise to deliver a complete solution at the local level. We also sell our TurboTax Desktop offerings at retail locations across the U.S. and Canada and on retailer websites. In Canada, we also rely on distributors who sell products into the retail channel. COMPETITION We face intense competition in all aspects of our businesses across all of our offerings. Competition is rapidly evolving, fragmented, and involves complex interdependencies with many businesses. Competitive pressures in many of the market segments we serve have grown markedly over the past few years, and the marketing and distribution channels continue to evolve. We expect these trends to continue. Our competitors may introduce superior products and services, successfully use and deploy new technologies such as AI that may reduce customer demand for our products or services, reduce prices, have greater technical, marketing, and other resources, have greater brand recognition, have larger installed bases of customers, have well-established relationships with our current and potential customers and partners, advertise aggressively, or beat us to market with new products and services. The competitive landscape is constantly evolving. This occurs as we expand into new market segments and geographic regions and extend our capabilities, as well as when new companies emerge or existing companies extend their capabilities (either directly or through acquisitions or partnerships) to include the market segments and geographic regions in which we operate. Given the breadth of the products and services that we offer as a global financial technology company and the customer problems that we aim to solve, we compete with offerings from a variety of organizations across a range of industries, including large global companies, smaller geographically focused companies, startups, and professional services. Entities that offer or provide access to offerings that we may compete with include: business software providers, including industry-specific vertical software providers and embedded software providers, that offer solutions such as accounting, business management and financial software, marketing automation, customer relationship management, inventory management, payroll and workforce management; private and publicly-funded tax preparation and filing service providers, including embedded software providers; accounting, consulting, and tax firms; companies and banks that provide money services, including merchant payment processing, bill pay, checking and savings accounts, financing and point of sale devices; companies that provide personal finance management products and tools, including access to credit scores, credit and identity monitoring, credit-building tools, and tools to help understand net worth and make financial progress; companies that provide a marketplace of consumer financial offerings; financial institutions; credit bureaus; and platform companies that could develop competing technology solutions to any of the problems that our customers may face. We believe our most important competitive factors are our innovation and technology capabilities, functionality, ease of use, and security of our offerings, the integration of our offerings with each other and third-party offerings, brand recognition and reputation, quality of support, and cost. We believe that we compete favorably based on these factors and our ability to remain competitive will largely depend on our ongoing performance. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 9 Table of Contents CUSTOMER SUCCESS For many of our offerings, we provide support through multiple channels including telephone, email, online and video chat, text messaging, our customer support websites, self-help assets embedded in our products, and online communities where consumers can share knowledge and product advice with each other. We also provide access to experts, through our TurboTax and QuickBooks Live offerings, who provide tax advice, tax preparation, and bookkeeping services. Our customer success staff predominantly consists of Intuit-employed and outsourced experts. We supplement with seasonal employees and additional outsourcing during periods of peak call volumes, such as during the tax return filing season or following a major product launch. We augment the services we provide with outsourced partnerships domestically and internationally. A majority of our outsourced customer success personnel are based domestically, with additional international teams located primarily in the Philippines and Canada. We also source staff through our Prosperity Hub program, which is designed to spark economic prosperity in underserved communities. One part of this program is our socially responsible sourcing model, where we both directly and through customer success partner-employers, hire, train, and retain workers who deliver support and services for our customers. Self-help information is offered for free in-product and on our support websites for many of our offerings. Support alternatives and fees vary by product. For example, some product subscriptions receive 24/7 support and additional contact channel options. MANUFACTURING AND DISTRIBUTION Online Products and Services Our online offerings include QuickBooks Online, Intuit Enterprise Suite, online payroll services, merchant payment processing and bill pay services, Mailchimp s marketing automation and customer relationship offerings, TurboTax Online, ProConnect Tax Online, consumer and professional electronic tax filing services, and Credit Karma offerings. We use public cloud providers, such as Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform, for most of our systems, networks, and databases used to operate these online offerings. Desktop Software and Supplies Our desktop software customers generally electronically download software as demand for physical packaged products has declined. When supplies are ordered, we typically ship the physical product within a few days of receiving an order, and backlog is minimal. PRIVACY AND SECURITY We host, collect, process, use, and retain large amounts of sensitive and personal data from our customers, users, workforce, and third-party partners. We are stewards of this data and have designed data stewardship principles to align our organization in collecting, using, and protecting such information. As we believe strongly in these principles, we operate our program to comply with laws and regulations that govern our use, sharing, and protection of personal information, including, for example, laws related to financial services and the handling of tax data. We have established guidelines and practices to help ensure members of our workforce are aware of our program and the role they play in protecting this data. Our privacy statements provide notice of our privacy practices, and provide the opportunity for impacted parties to exercise their rights with respect to their personal information. We participate in industry groups whose purpose is to develop or shape industry best practices, and to inform public policy for privacy and security. We use security safeguards to help protect the systems and the information that is given to us from loss, misuse, and unauthorized alteration. We use technical and procedural measures designed to help detect and prevent fraud and misuse of data. Whenever sensitive information, such as credit card information or tax return data, is transmitted to us through one of our websites or products, we follow current industry standards to encrypt the data as it is transmitted to us, and when we store it at rest. We routinely patch our systems with security updates and work to protect our systems from unauthorized internal or external access using numerous commercially available computer security products, as well as internally developed technology, security procedures, and practices. GOVERNMENT REGULATION We are subject to federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations that add compliance costs, affect how we operate, and may impact our ability to compete. For example, our Consumer and ProTax segments are subject to federal, state, and international government requirements, including regulations related to the electronic filing of tax returns, the provision of tax preparer assistance, and the use and disclosure of customer information. Our Global Business Solutions segment offers products and services to small and mid-market businesses and consumers, such as payroll, payments, financing for small and mid-market businesses, and other financial service offerings, which are also subject to certain regulatory 10 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents requirements. Our Credit Karma segment offers personal finance products and services to consumers, such as recommendations of credit card, loan, and insurance products and access to credit scores and reports, which are also subject to certain regulatory requirements. For additional information regarding the government regulations to which we are subject, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report, including without limitation the risks under Legal and Compliance Risks . INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Our success depends on the proprietary technology integrated into our offerings. We protect this proprietary technology through a variety of intellectual property mechanisms, including copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws, restrictions on disclosure and other methods. For example, we regularly file applications for patents, copyrights, and trademarks and service marks to protect intellectual property that we believe is important to our business. We hold a growing patent portfolio that we believe is important to Intuit s overall competitive advantage, although we are not materially dependent on any one patent or particular group of patents in our portfolio at this time. We also have a number of registered trademarks that include Intuit, QuickBooks, Lacerte, TurboTax, QB, ProSeries, ProConnect, Credit Karma, and Mailchimp. We have registered these and other trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and, depending on the relevance of each brand to other markets, in many foreign countries. Most registrations can be renewed perpetually at 10-year intervals. We also license intellectual property from third parties for use in our products. While our portfolio of patents is growing, our issued patents could be determined to be invalid or unenforceable against competitive products in every jurisdiction. In addition, third parties have asserted and may continue to assert infringement claims against us and our customers. These claims and any litigation may result in invalidation of our proprietary rights or a finding of infringement along with an assessment of damages. Litigation, even if without merit, could result in substantial costs and divert resources and management attention. Additionally, third-party licenses may not continue to be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. HUMAN CAPITAL We consider our employees to be one of our four key True North stakeholders because they are critical to delivering for our customers, our shareholders, and the communities we serve. As of July 31, 2025, we had approximately 18,200 employees in seven countries. During fiscal 2025, we employed on average approximately 12,300 seasonal employees from January to April primarily to support our Consumer segment customers during the peak of tax season. We believe our future success and growth will depend on our ability to attract and retain a qualified workforce in all areas of our business. Intuit s Chief People Places Officer, who reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer, manages our overall workforce policies and strategies, including employee recruitment, workplace environment and culture, engagement and retention, leadership development, succession planning, organization and talent assessment, fair pay, and executive compensation. The Compensation and Organizational Development Committee of the Board of Directors has oversight of these programs. Culture and Values To deliver on our mission to power prosperity around the world, we are guided by our company values as we strive to create an inclusive, safe, and respectful workplace where employees can do the best work of their lives and be empowered to make an impact, learn and grow, and feel connected. Our values and culture are woven into our hiring and retention practices and are foundational to our ability to attract, retain, and advance top talent. Our value of Integrity Without Compromise means valuing trust above all else, speaking the truth, and doing the right thing even when no one is looking. Our value of Courage means being bold and fearless in how we think and act, holding a high bar for performance, and valuing speed with a bias for learning and action. Our value of Customer Obsession means falling in love with our customers problems and delivering solutions that delight our customers. Our value of Stronger Together means we champion an inclusive and respectful workplace, and we thrive on diverse voices to challenge and inform decisions. Our value of We Care and Give Back means we strive to be stewards of the future, strengthen the communities around us, and give everyone the opportunity to prosper. We provide eligible full-time employees paid time off that can be used to do volunteer work during normal work hours for vetted non-profits and for donation matching up to an annual limit. Talent Acquisition We have a robust talent acquisition process that begins with cross-functional talent planning to define hiring needs. Candidates are assessed against skills and values as defined by each hiring team. We are an equal opportunity employer and make employment decisions without regard to any basis protected by federal, state, or local law. We do not make Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 11 Table of Contents employment decisions based on an individual s identity. To expand our reach for the best available talent, we have invested in external partnerships with organizations and universities. This includes active participation and having a significant presence at prominent industry conferences and events known for attracting global audiences with varied skills and experience. Talent Development and Retention We strive to create an inclusive, safe, and respectful environment that enables our employees to do the best work of their lives. We provide resources that help them make a positive impact, continue to learn, grow professionally, and feel connected to our culture. We promote the development of all of our employees and provide them with access to learning and training based on their needs and interests and the resources they need to grow, thrive, and reinvent themselves over time. We offer learning programs throughout the employee lifecycle, beginning with onboarding and continuing with ongoing career growth programs. We focus on internal mobility, helping our people acquire new skills, take on new responsibilities, and gain new experiences. This approach contributes to our success in serving our customers while helping our employees achieve their individual professional development and other career goals. We are also invested in growing the capabilities of our managers and developing the leadership skills of our executives. Our teams design programs and resources, such as the Intuit Leadership Playbook, focused on leading with a clear vision, building a high-performance culture, and driving winning results for all of our stakeholders. All full-time employees have access to opportunities to develop and learn through company-sponsored learning paths and online courses on topics ranging from AI to accelerating velocity, in support of an employee s ability to adapt to any work environment. Employees set goals and measure progress through our goal setting tool and have opportunities to focus on growth both during performance assessment conversations and ongoing regular check-ins with their manager. Employee Engagement and Listening Listening and responding to our employees is at the core of our culture. We value employee feedback and leverage it to continuously improve the employee experience. We regularly collect, analyze, measure, and share insights about the sentiment of our workforce through multiple channels, including surveys, town halls with senior leadership, and other touchpoints, which help to guide the work we do to support our employees. Total Rewards Our compensation philosophy aims to attract and retain top talent for today and the future. Intuit s total target compensation includes base pay, a range of incentive plans that vary based on role, and stock-based awards all set at market-competitive levels. Incentive compensation plans are part of our pay-for-performance philosophy, including close alignment with Company performance that rewards top performers. Most employees are eligible for stock-based awards, allowing the majority of our employees to share in the Company s success. We also offer eligible employees a broad range of competitive benefit programs and services designed to address the physical and mental health, well-being, income protection, and family care needs of employees and their family members. These programs include health care, mental health coaching and counseling, programs to save for retirement, tuition assistance, financial counseling, life and family support programs, and paid time off, including annual paid recharge days and family and parental leave. We have a strong culture of transparency, which includes our ongoing focus on fair pay. We are committed to providing fair pay to all of our employees. We regularly examine our performance evaluation practices, including improving practices to ensure equal opportunity for high-performing employees to be promoted. Stronger Together At the foundation of our culture is our Stronger Together value. It guides our behavior and interactions in everything we do and in how we treat one another. We serve diverse customers around the world. We believe we can solve their toughest problems and deliver unrivaled benefits when our workforce understands and reflects our customers. Intuit has established employee resource groups (ERGs) that provide a foundation for a culture of inclusion. These ERGs are employee-driven, volunteer-led, and open to all employees. ERGs offer a sense of community and give all employees the chance to learn from role models, peers, and experts, and to volunteer within their communities, all while aligning with our organization s overall vision. 12 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table shows Intuit s executive officers and their areas of responsibility as of August 1, 2025. Their biographies follow the table. Name Age Position Sasan K. Goodarzi 57 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director Sandeep S. Aujla 49 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Anton Hanebrink 49 Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy Caryl Hilliard 59 Executive Vice President, Chief People Places Officer Kerry J. McLean 61 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Lauren D. Hotz 50 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Mr. Goodarzi has been President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since January 2019 and previously served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of Intuit s Small Business Group since May 2016. He previously was Executive Vice President and General Manager of Intuit s Consumer Tax Group from August 2015 through April 2016 and from August 2013 to July 2015 served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Consumer Tax Group. He served as Intuit s Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer from August 2011 to July 2013, having rejoined Intuit after serving as CEO of Nexant Inc., a privately held provider of intelligent grid software and clean energy solutions, beginning in November 2010. During his previous tenure at Intuit from 2004 to 2010, Mr. Goodarzi led several business units, including Intuit Financial Services and the professional tax division. Prior to joining Intuit, Mr. Goodarzi worked for Invensys, a global provider of industrial automation, transportation, and controls technology, serving as global president of the products group. He also held a number of senior leadership roles in the automation control division at Honeywell Inc. He serves on the board of Atlassian Corporation Plc and chairs the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee. Mr. Goodarzi holds a Bachelor s degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Central Florida and a Master s degree in Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Mr. Aujla has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2023. He served as Intuit s Senior Vice President of Finance, Small Business Self-Employed Group and Technology Organization, from January 2019 to July 2023, and Vice President, Finance, Small Business Self-Employed Group, from June 2015 to January 2019. Prior to joining Intuit, Mr. Aujla held various finance leadership roles at Visa, and investment banking roles at Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley. Mr. Aujla holds a Bachelor s degree in Economics from San Francisco State University and a Master s degree in Business Administration from the University of Virginia Darden School of Business. Mr. Hanebrink has been Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Strategy Development Officer since 2019. He served as Intuit s Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy Development from November 2016 through January 2019. Prior to rejoining Intuit in November 2016, Mr. Hanebrink served in leadership roles at Block (formerly known as Square) from October 2014 to October 2016. He initially joined Intuit as a Director of Corporate Strategy Development in January 2011 and subsequently served as Vice President of Corporate Strategy Development until October 2014. Before joining Intuit, he worked in a variety of venture capital, corporate development, and strategy roles at Opus Capital, Hewlett-Packard, and The Boston Consulting Group. Mr. Hanebrink serves on the board of directors of PubMatic. Mr. Hanebrink holds a Bachelor s degree in Finance and Marketing from Washington University in St. Louis and a Master s degree in Business Administration from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Ms. Hilliard has been Executive Vice President and Chief People Places Officer since August 2025. Prior to that, Ms. Hilliard spent 27 years working in Intuit s People Places Organization across all of Intuit s businesses and functions, including driving critical business outcomes and accelerating growth in both the Consumer and the Global Business Solutions segments. Ms. Hilliard holds a Bachelor s degree in Business Administration and Management from the University of Redlands. Ms. McLean has been Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since August 2020. Prior to that, she served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from August 2018 to July 2020 and Vice President, Deputy General Counsel from August 2010 to July 2018. She joined Intuit in 2006 as Director, Deputy General Counsel. Prior to joining Intuit, Ms. McLean spent over six years at Wind River Systems, Inc . , most recently as the Director of Legal. Prior to joining Wind River, she was an associate at Howard, Rice, Nemerovski, Canady, Falk Rabkin PC (now Arnold Porter Kaye Scholer LLP). Ms. McLean serves on the board of directors of the California Minority Counsel Program. Ms. McLean holds a Bachelor s degree in International Relations from University of California, Davis and a Juris Doctor from University of California, Hastings College of Law (now University of California College of the Law, San Francisco). Ms. Hotz has been Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since August 2022, and previously held roles as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from February 2022 to July 2022 and Vice President and Corporate Controller from August 2020 to January 2022. She previously served as the Director, Corporate Accounting from January 2014 to July 2020. Since joining Intuit in 2004, Ms. Hotz has held a variety of accounting leadership roles at the Company. From 2001 to 2004, Ms. Hotz served in corporate controller and finance functions at other public companies. She began her career in public accounting at Coopers Lybrand LLP (now PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP) from 1996 to 1998, and RSM McGladrey Pullen Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 13 Table of Contents LLP (now RSM US LLP) from 1998 to 2001. Ms. Hotz is a California Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Washington University in St. Louis. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our corporate website, www.intuit.com , provides materials for investors and information relating to Intuit s corporate governance. The content on any website referred to in this filing is not incorporated by reference into this filing unless expressly noted otherwise. We file reports required of public companies with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These include annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and other reports, and amendments to these reports. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We make available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website all of the reports we file with or furnish to the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed or furnished. Copies of this Annual Report on Form 10-K may also be obtained without charge by contacting Investor Relations, Intuit Inc., P.O. Box 7850, Mountain View, California 94039-7850, by calling 650-944-6000, or by emailing investor_relations@intuit.com. 14 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. Below, we describe material factors, events and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky, categorized solely for ease of reference as strategic, operational, legal and compliance, and financial risks, and which you should consider carefully in evaluating our business. The following events and consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, reputation and credit rating, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. Some of the factors, events, and uncertainties discussed below may have occurred in the past. However, these disclosures are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events, or uncertainties have occurred in the past, instead they reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. We could also be affected by other events, factors or uncertainties that are presently unknown to us or that we do not currently consider to present significant risks to our business. These risks may be amplified by the effects of global developments and conditions or events, including macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, which have caused significant global economic instability and uncertainty. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. STRATEGIC RISKS We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results. We face intense competition in all of our businesses, and we expect competition to continue to intensify in the future. Our competitors and potential competitors range from large and established entities to emerging start-ups. Our competitors may introduce superior products and services, successfully use and deploy new technologies such as AI that may reduce customer demand for our products or services, reduce prices, have greater technical, marketing and other resources, have greater name recognition, have larger installed bases of customers, have well-established relationships with our current and potential customers and partners, advertise aggressively or beat us to market with new products and services. In addition, we face competition from existing companies with large established consumer user bases and broad-based platforms, who may change or expand the focus of their business strategies and marketing to target our customers, including small businesses, tax and personal financial management customers. We also face competition from companies with a variety of business models and monetization strategies, including increased competition from providers of free and low cost offerings, particularly in our tax, accounting, payments and consumer finance platform businesses. We have also introduced free offerings in several categories, but we may not be able to attract and retain customers as effectively as our competitors with different business models. In addition, other providers of free offerings may provide features that we do not offer and customers who have formerly paid for our products and services may elect to use our competitors free offerings instead. These competitive factors may diminish our revenue and profitability, and harm our ability to acquire and retain customers. Our consumer tax business also faces significant, increasing competition from the public sector, where we face the risk of federal and state taxing authorities implementing revenue-raising strategies that involve developing and providing government tax software or other government return preparation systems at public expense. These or similar programs have been and may continue to be introduced or expanded in the future, which may change the voluntary compliance tax system in ways that could cause us to lose customers and revenue. For example, the IRS made available a free direct filing system and has stated it will explore ways to expand eligibility for the program, including partnering with more states. Additionally, the legacy IRS Free File Program enables the IRS to offer free commercial tax software directly to qualifying taxpayers, and taxpayer adoption of this program could expand with increased awareness of and government support for the program. Through these or other programs, federal and state governments are or could become publicly funded direct competitors of the U.S. tax services industry and of Intuit. Government funded services that curtail or eliminate the role of taxpayers in preparing their own taxes could potentially have material and adverse revenue implications on us. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change and successfully extend our platform, introduce new and enhanced products, features, services and business models. We operate in industries that are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and frequent new product introductions. To meet the evolving needs and expectations of our customers and partners and attract and retain top technical talent, we must continue to innovate, develop and extend our platform, introduce new products, services, and features, and enhance our ability to anticipate and solve new and existing customer problems, including with emerging technologies, such as AI. If we are not able to do this successfully, we may face a competitive disadvantage and our business could be harmed. We have and will continue to devote significant resources to continue to develop our skills, tools and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, including AI. There can be no assurance that we or our customers will realize the expected benefits from these investments. Legislation or regulatory changes in these areas may mandate changes in our products that make them less attractive to users and hinder our ability to leverage emerging technologies and build out our platform capabilities. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 15 Table of Contents Our consumer and professional tax businesses depend significantly on revenue from customers who return each year to use our updated tax preparation and filing software and services. They include customers who use our free consumer tax products and whose tax scenarios evolve in subsequent years to require paid services. Encouraging continued use of our offerings in successive years can become increasingly difficult if customers do not perceive our offerings to provide continuing or meaningfully incremental value. The growth of our business depends, in part, on our ability to successfully provide customers value in this way. In addition, when customers consent to the use of their data across our platform, we work to provide additional benefits to them through our existing offerings and through the development of new offerings. Our inability to demonstrate value of any of these offerings to existing customers may negatively impact our ability to build new data-driven offerings and our revenue. We may expend a significant amount of resources and management attention on offerings that do not ultimately succeed in their markets. We have encountered difficulty in launching new offerings in the past. If we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new offerings may not succeed and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. We have also invested, and in the future, expect to invest in new business models, technologies, geographies, strategies and initiatives. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including a rapidly changing regulatory environment, diversion of management s attention from current operations, expenses associated with the initiatives, inadequate return on investments, and social or ethical scrutiny. Because these new initiatives are inherently risky, they may not be successful and may harm our financial condition, operating results, or reputation. We rely on intellectual property in our products and services. Many of our products and services utilize our own intellectual property, as well as the intellectual property of third parties, which we license under agreements that may need to be renewed or renegotiated from time to time. We may not be able to obtain licenses to these third-party technologies or content on reasonable terms, or at all, in the future. If we are unable to obtain the rights necessary to use certain intellectual property in our products and services, we may not be able to provide the affected offerings, and customers who are currently using the affected product may be disrupted, which may in turn harm our future financial results, damage our brand, and result in customer loss. Also, we and our customers have been and may continue to be subject to infringement claims as a result of the third-party intellectual property incorporated in our offerings, including through our use of AI. If an infringement claim is successfully asserted against us, it could require us to pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our services, require us to change our products, technology, or business practices, or require our compliance with other unfavorable contractual terms. Even if we are not ultimately liable for any potential infringement, pending claims require us to use significant resources, require management attention and could result in loss of customers. Some of our offerings include third-party software that is licensed under open source licenses, some of which may include a requirement that, under certain circumstances, we make available, or grant licenses to, any modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open source software. Our established internal review and approval processes may not mitigate these risks, and we cannot be sure that all open source software is submitted for approval prior to use in our products. Our inability to mitigate the risks associated with the usage of open source software may harm our business. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services and brand. Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, domain names and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. We aggressively protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights in the U.S. and internationally, as well as a variety of administrative procedures and contractual restrictions. However, the efforts that we take to protect our proprietary rights, including through litigation, monitoring, and enforcement programs, may not always be sufficient or effective. We often observe unauthorized copies of our software being sold through online marketplaces, and despite our effort to implement technical countermeasures, we expect piracy to continue to remain a persistent problem that results in lost revenue and increased expenses. In addition, there is uncertainty about the validity and enforceability of intellectual property rights that may result from our use of GenAI. Protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming and may not be successful in every location. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business, our brand, and our ability to compete. Our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of our brands. Developing and maintaining awareness of our brands and platform strategy is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our existing and future products and services and is an important element in attracting new customers and expanding our business with existing customers. Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to events, activities, or views attributed to us, members of our workforce or Board of Directors, agents, third parties we rely on, or our users, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brands. Perceived social harm or unfairness of outcomes relating to the use of new and evolving technologies such as AI in our offerings, may result in reputational harm and liability, and may cause us to incur additional research and development costs to resolve such issues. Our brand value also depends on our ability to provide secure and trustworthy products and services, as well as our ability to protect and use our customers data in a manner that meets their expectations. In addition, a security incident that results in unauthorized disclosure of our customers sensitive data could cause material reputational harm. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our products or 16 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents services and thus have an adverse effect on our future financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of the brands and could also reduce our stock price. Our efforts related to environment, social, and governance matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. Environmental, social and governance matters continue to be an area of focus for shareholders, regulators, customers, employees, and other stakeholders. Our efforts and reporting on these matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation, operations, and performance. This could happen if we fail, or are perceived to fail, to meet evolving stakeholder expectations or varying state or federal regulatory requirements, or to uphold or achieve our public commitments. Standards and best practices for tracking and reporting these matters continue to evolve and we may not be able to implement new and changing standards and best practices in ways that meet the varied expectations of all of our stakeholders. Any of the foregoing may also expose us to increased scrutiny from stakeholders and negatively impact demand for our products, our ability to attract and retain talent or our relationships with customers, suppliers or other stakeholders. Our acquisition and divestiture activities may disrupt our ongoing business, may involve increased expenses and may present risks not contemplated at the time of the transactions. We have acquired and may continue to acquire companies, products, technologies and talent that complement our strategic direction, both in and outside the United States. Acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: inability to successfully integrate the acquired technology, data assets and operations into our business and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies, and procedures; inability to realize synergies or anticipated benefits within the expected time frame or at all; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; challenges retaining the key employees, customers, resellers and other business partners of the acquired operation; the internal control environment of an acquired entity may not be consistent with our standards or with regulatory requirements, and may require significant time and resources to align or rectify; unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence process, including product or service quality issues, security policies, standards, and practices, intellectual property issues and legal contingencies; failure to successfully further develop an acquired business or technology and any resulting impairment of amounts currently capitalized as intangible assets; risks associated with businesses we acquire or invest in, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our other businesses face; in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; and to the extent we use debt to fund acquisitions or for other purposes, our interest expense and leverage will increase significantly, and to the extent we issue equity securities as consideration in an acquisition, current shareholders percentage ownership and earnings per share will be diluted. We have divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses that no longer fit with our strategic direction or growth targets. Divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms; failure to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to buyers; requirements that we retain or indemnify buyers against certain liabilities and obligations; the possibility that we will become subject to third-party claims arising out of such divestiture; challenges in identifying and separating the intellectual property, systems and data to be divested from the intellectual property, systems and data that we wish to retain; inability to reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business; challenges in collecting the proceeds from any divestiture; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; loss of key employees who leave us as a result of a divestiture; and if customers or partners of the divested business do not receive the same level of service from the new owners, or the new owners do not handle the customer data with the same level of care, our other businesses may be adversely affected, to the extent that these customers or partners also purchase other products offered by us or otherwise conduct business with our retained business. Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 17 Table of Contents In addition, any acquisition or divestiture that we announce may not be completed if closing conditions are not satisfied. Evolving regulatory expectations and changes in the political environment may make it more challenging to obtain any required regulatory approval. Because acquisitions and divestitures are inherently risky, our transactions may not be successful and may, in some cases, harm our operating results or financial condition. In particular, if we are unable to successfully operate together with any company that we acquire to achieve shared growth opportunities or combine reporting or other processes within the expected time frame or at all, there may be a material and adverse effect on the benefits that we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition, and we could experience additional costs or loss of revenue. Moreover, adverse changes in market conditions and other factors, including those listed above, may cause an acquisition to be dilutive to Intuit s operating earnings per share for a period of time. Any dilution of our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share could cause the price of shares of Intuit Common Stock to decline or grow at a reduced rate. OPERATIONAL RISKS Security incidents, improper access to or disclosure of our data or customers data, or other cyberattacks on our systems could harm our reputation, business, and financial condition. We host, collect, use and retain large amounts of sensitive and personal customer and workforce data, including credit card information, tax return information, bank account numbers, credit report information, login credentials and passwords, personal and business financial data, transaction records, social security numbers and payroll information, as well as our confidential, nonpublic business information. The significant resources we expend to implement security protections designed to shield this data against potential theft and security incidents cannot provide absolute security. Our technologies, systems, and networks have been subject to, and are increasingly likely to continue to be the target of, cyberattacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, worms, social engineering, malicious software programs, insider threats, denial-of-service attacks and other cybersecurity threats that have in the past, and could in the future, result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, use, loss or destruction of sensitive and personal data of our customers and our workforce, or Intuit's sensitive business data or cause temporary or sustained unavailability of our data, software, and systems. Cybersecurity incidents can be caused by malicious third parties, acting alone or in groups, or more sophisticated organizations, including nation-states or state-sponsored organizations, and the risks could be elevated in connection with significant armed conflicts, acts of war or terrorism. Customers who fail to update their systems, continue to run software that we no longer support, fail to install security patches on a timely basis or inadequately use security controls create vulnerabilities and make it more difficult for us to detect and prevent these kinds of attacks. Further, we are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products, and there may be vulnerabilities in open source software that make it susceptible to cyberattacks. In addition, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive information change frequently and, as technologies like AI develop rapidly, malicious third parties are using these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted and coordinated and more difficult to defend against. We have been and may in the future be a more frequent target of cyberattacks because cyber-criminals tend to focus their efforts on well-known offerings that are popular among customers and hold sensitive personal or financial information. Further, the security measures that we implement may not be able to prevent unauthorized access to our products and our customers account data. Malicious third parties have in the past, and may in the future, be able to fraudulently induce members of our workforce, customers, vendors, partners, or users by social engineering means, such as email phishing, to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our systems. Unauthorized access to or disclosure of customer data may occur due to inadequate use of security controls by our customers or our workforce. Accounts created with weak or recycled passwords could allow cyber-attackers to gain access to customer data. Unauthorized persons could gain access to customer accounts if customers do not maintain effective access controls of their systems and software. Inadvertent exposure of data or access to our systems may also be caused by members of our workforce, including by their error or use of AI. Criminals may also use stolen identity information obtained outside of our systems to gain unauthorized access to our customers data. We have experienced such instances in the past and as the broader accessibility of stolen identity information increases, we may experience further instances of unauthorized access to our systems through the use of stolen identity information of our customers or our workforce in the future. Further, our customers may choose to use the same login credentials across multiple products and services unrelated to our products. Such customers login credentials may be stolen from products offered by third-party service providers unrelated to us and the stolen identity information may be used by a malicious third party to access our products, which could result in disclosure of confidential information. In addition, our hybrid workplace model, where our workforce spends a portion of their time working away from our offices, increases the potential for attacks and adds operational complexity that exacerbates our security-related risks. Further, because we have created an ecosystem where customers can have one identity across multiple Intuit products, a security incident may give access to increased amounts of customer data. From time to time, we detect, or receive notices from customers or public or private agencies that they have detected, actual or perceived vulnerabilities in our infrastructure, our software or third-party software components that are distributed with our products or fraudulent activity by unauthorized persons utilizing our products with stolen customer identity information. The existence of such vulnerabilities or fraudulent activity, even if they do not result in a security breach, may undermine customer confidence as well as the confidence of government agencies that regulate our offerings. Such perceived vulnerabilities could also seriously harm our business by tarnishing our reputation and brand and limiting the adoption of our products and services and could cause our stock price to 18 Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents decline. In some cases, such vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which could exacerbate the risk of a security incident and the related effects on our businesses. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities described herein. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may result in disclosure of confidential information, loss of customer confidence in our products, possible litigation, material harm to our reputation and financial condition, disruption of our or our customers business operations, and a decline in our stock price. Additionally, our use of Credit Karma member data is subject to an order issued in 2014 by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) that, among other things, requires maintenance of a comprehensive security program relating to the development and management of new and existing products and services and biennial independent security assessments for 20 years from the date of the order. Our failure to fulfill the requirements of the FTC s order could result in fines, penalties, enforcement inquiries, investigations and claims, and negatively impact our business and reputation. A cybersecurity incident affecting the third parties we rely on could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential information and significantly damage our reputation. We depend on a number of third parties, including vendors, developers and partners who are critical to our business. We or our customers may grant access to customer data to these third parties to help deliver customer benefits, or to host certain of our and our customers' sensitive and personal data. In addition, we share sensitive, nonpublic business information (including, for example, materials relating to financial, business and legal strategies) with other vendors in the ordinary course of business. It is possible that malicious third parties may misrepresent their intended use of data or may circumvent our controls, resulting in accidental or intentional disclosure or misuse of our customer or workforce data, despite our efforts to conduct background checks of our workforce, conduct reviews of partners, developers, and vendors and use commercially available technologies to limit access to systems and data. Further, while we conduct due diligence on the security and business controls of our third-party partners, we may not have the ability to effectively monitor or oversee the implementation of these control measures. Malicious third parties may be able to circumvent these security and business controls or exploit vulnerabilities that may exist in these controls, resulting in the disclosure or misuse of sensitive business and personal customer or workforce information and data. In addition, malicious actors may attempt to use the information technology supply chain to compromise our systems by, for example, introducing malware through software updates. This risk is exacerbated with the advancement of technologies like AI, which malicious third parties are using to create new, sophisticated and more frequent attacks on our third-party partners. A security incident involving third parties we rely on may have serious negative consequences for our businesses, including disclosure of sensitive customer or workforce data, or confidential or competitively sensitive information regarding our business, including intellectual property and other proprietary data; make our products more vulnerable to fraudulent activity; cause temporary or sustained unavailability of our software and systems; result in possible litigation, fines, penalties and damages; result in loss of customer confidence; cause material harm to our reputation and brands; lead to further regulation and oversight by federal or state agencies; result in an adverse financial condition; and result in a reduced stock price. Concerns about the broader cybersecurity environment could deter current and potential customers from adopting our products and services and damage our reputation. The continued occurrence of cybersecurity incidents affecting governments, businesses, and consumers in general indicates that we operate in an external environment where cybersecurity incidents are increasingly more common and frequent. If the global cybersecurity environment worsens, and there are increased instances of security breaches of third-party offerings where consumers data and sensitive information is compromised, consumers may be less willing to use online offerings, particularly offerings like ours in which customers often share sensitive financial data. Additionally, political uncertainty and military actions may subject us and our service providers to heightened risks of security incidents. In addition, the increased availability of data obtained as a result of cybersecurity incidents affecting third-party offerings could make our own products more vulnerable to fraudulent activity. Even if our products are not affected directly by such incidents, any such incident could damage our reputation and deter current and potential customers from adopting our products and services or lead customers to cease using online and connected software products to transact financial business altogether. If we are unable to effectively combat the increasing amount and sophistication of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties, we may suffer losses, which may be substantial, and lose the confidence of our customers and government agencies and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. Many of the industries in which we operate have been experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties, and those fraudulent activities are becoming increasingly sophisticated, including through the use of AI. We have been and may from time to time become targeted by such malicious third parties engaging in fraudulent activities. Any such fraudulent activities may adversely impact our business, and the risk is heightened when our workforce is working away from our offices under our hybrid work model. In addition to any losses that may result from such fraud, which may be substantial, a loss of confidence by our customers or by governmental agencies in our ability to prevent fraudulent activity may seriously harm our business and damage our brand. If we cannot adequately combat such fraudulent activity, governmental authorities may refuse to allow us to continue to offer the affected services, or these services may otherwise be adversely impacted, which could include federal or state tax authorities refusing to allow us to process our customers tax returns electronically, resulting Intuit Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 19 Table of Contents in a significant adverse impact on our business, earnings, and revenue. As fraudulent activities become more pervasive and increasingly sophisticated, our fraud detection and prevention measures, and the teams that create and maintain them, must become correspondingly more sophisticated to combat them across the various industries in which we operate. Accordingly, we have implemented and may continue to implement risk control mechanisms that could make it more difficult for legitimate customers to obtain and use our products. These control mechanisms could result in lost revenue and negatively impact our earnings. If we fail to process transactions effectively or fail to adequately protect against disputed or potential fraudulent activities, our business may be harmed. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions on a daily basis, especially in our money and personal financial management businesses. It is possible that we may make errors or that funds may be misappropriated due to fraud despite our efforts to ensure that effective processing systems and controls are in place to handle transactions appropriately. The likelihood of any such error or misappropriation is magnified as we increase the volume and speed of the transactions we process. If we are unable to effectively manage our systems and processes, or if there is an error in our products, we may be unable to process customer data in an accurate, reliable and timely manner, which may harm our reputation, the willingness of customers to use our products, and our financial results. In our payments processing service business, if a disputed transaction between a merchant and its customer is not resolved in favor of the merchant, we may be required to pay those amounts to the payment or credit card network and these payments may exceed the amount of the customer reserves established to make such payments. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. As we continue to grow our online services, we become more dependent on the continuing operation and availability of our information technology and communications systems and those of our external service providers, including, for example, third-party Internet-based or cloud computing services. We do not have redundancy for all of our systems, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. We have designed a significant portion of our software and computer systems to utilize data processing and storage capabilities provided by public cloud providers. If any public cloud service that we use is unavailable to us for any reason, our customers may not be able to access certain of our cloud products or features, which could significantly impact our operations, business, and financial results. Failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers may result in interruptions in our service and loss of data or processing capabilities, all of which may cause a loss in customers, refunds of product fees, material harm to our reputation and operating results. Our tax businesses must effectively handle extremely heavy customer demand during critical peak periods. We face significant risks in maintaining adequate service levels during these peak periods when we have historically derived a substantial portion of our overall revenue from the tax businesses. Any interruptions in our online tax preparation or electronic filing service at any time during the tax season, particularly during a peak period, could result in significantly decreased revenue, lost customers, unexpected refunds of customer charges, negative publicity and increased operating costs, any of which could significantly harm our business, financial condition and result