=== [ES] additional_2.html ===
Events and Presentations - Investors You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. Redirect You have accessed https://www.emdgroup.com , but for users from your part of the world, we originally designed the following web presence https://www.merckgroup.com . Let s go Cancel Internet Explorer is not supported You are using an outdated browser. If you would like to use our website, please use Chrome, Firefox, Safari or other browser Accept Share Disclaimer By sharing this content, you are consenting to share your data to this social media provider. More information are available in our Privacy Statement . OK Cancel { analytics : targeting } Cookie Disclaimer We use cookies so that we can offer you the best possible website experience. This includes cookies which are necessary for the operation of the app and the website, as well as other cookies which are used solely for anonymous statistical purposes, for more comfortable website settings, or for the display of personalized content. You are free to decide in the Cookie Settings which categories you would like to permit. Please note that depending on what you select, the full functionality of the website may no longer be available. You may review and change your choices at any time. Further information can be found in our Privacy Statement . Accept cookies Accept only Necessary Cookie Settings Cookie Disclaimer Necessary + - These cookies are necessary for the website to operate. Our website cannot function without these cookies and they can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Functional + - These cookies enable the provision of advanced functionalities and are used for personalization. The cookies are set in particular in response to your actions and depend on your specific service requests (e.g., pop-up notification choices). Targeting + - These cookies may be set to learn more about your interests and show you relevant ads on other websites. These cookies work by uniquely identifying your browser and device. By integrating these cookies, we aim to learn more about your interests and your surfing behavior and to be able to place our advertising in a targeted manner. Cookie Policy Confirm my choices Accept all cookies Disclaimer Publication of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. In the United States and Canada the subsidiaries of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany operate under the umbrella brand EMD. Accept Skip to main content Our share price {{ pric