=== USB_2026-03-10.htm.gz ===
tm261379-1_nonfiling - none - 27.6057887s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 U.S. Bancorp (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS A message from our Executive Chairman Fellow shareholders: This past year, I passed the leadership of U.S. Bancorp to Gunjan Kedia following our annual meeting and assumed the role of Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors, and it is with great confidence that we add the Chairman responsibilities to her Chief Executive Officer role at our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. After more than 40 years at U.S. Bancorp, I am very proud of the company, our focus on our employees, customers and communities, our ethical culture, and the intentional investments we made to position ourselves as an industry leader. We are one of Fortune s most admired superregional banks, and the Ethisphere Institute named U.S. Bank to its World s Most Ethical Companies list for the 11 th consecutive year in 2025. Our history was strong, but our future has potential to be even stronger. Our company is well-positioned for growth under Gunjan s leadership and is focused on executing against our three strategic priorities: organic growth, payments transformation, and expense management and productivity. Our strong, independent Board has been active in supporting a smooth and seamless leadership transition and in overseeing management s implementation of our strategy. Gunjan and the entire Managing Committee have brought focus, energy and client centricity, delivering interconnected solutions to our customers. Those efforts have been evident in our financial results: by the third quarter of 2025, we were operating fully within our medium-term target ranges shared at our Investor Day in 2024 and, by the end of 2025, we reported nine consecutive quarters of stable expenses and six consecutive quarters of positive operating leverage, both as adjusted. We also continued to build on our foundational strengths in financial and risk discipline so we will be fully prepared for our eventual transition to a Category II banking organization. It has been an incredible privilege to have served you and this exceptional company for more than 40 years. Thank you for the continued trust you place in U.S. Bancorp as shareholders of our company. Andrew Cecere Executive Chairman March 10, 2026 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS A message from our Lead Independent Director Fellow shareholders: When I joined the U.S. Bancorp Board of Directors, I was inspired by the legacy of the company and was optimistic about its potential to build on its remarkable foundation. During the years that followed, we on the Board of Directors have had a front row seat to progress and change, and it continues to be an honor to serve as the Lead Independent Director and help guide an exceptional management team that is setting the tone and strategy for the future. At our annual meeting of shareholders this April, we will say goodbye to Andy Cecere and honor his incredible commitment to U.S. Bancorp and the wonderful culture he helped create. His legacy of service has shaped the company, and he led the organization through a dynamic economic and regulatory environment, maintained a strong focus on financial and risk discipline, broadened the company s scale, and made strategic investments in the business in areas like digital and technology that will serve as a strong foundation for the future. On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to thank him for all he has done and wish him well in his retirement. Choosing Gunjan Kedia as his successor not only in the Chief Executive Officer role but now also as Chairman of the Board of Directors is an investment in this proud institution s future. She is a remarkable leader, and as we mentioned when we announced her appointment, she is well respected by the Board, her team and our stakeholders for her strategic acumen, client focus and ability to drive business performance. She will lead with a long-term perspective that considers the company s special culture and brings to life a vision for growth that delivers differentiated client experiences, continues our legacy of governance and stewardship, drives industry-leading performance, and creates value for our shareholders. Amid these changes in leadership, the Board remains focused in its independent oversight of the work the company does to deliver strong financial results for our shareholders by serving our clients, supporting our employees, and investing in our communities. Our directors bring a broad range of backgrounds, qualifications and experiences across many competitive industries including financial services with the skills needed to guide this company forward under Gunjan s vision and leadership. We remain fortunate to have incredibly talented executive leaders and team members across the company who are dedicated to supporting each other and serving our clients and communities. On behalf of all our directors, thank you for your continued trust and investment in U.S. Bancorp. I look forward to continuing to serve you and the Board during 2026. Sincerely, Roland A. Hernandez Lead Independent Director March 10, 2026 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders of U.S. Bancorp Date and time: Tuesday, April 21, 2026, at 11:00 a.m., central time Place: Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/USB2026 Record date: You may vote at the meeting if you were a shareholder of record at the close of business on February 24, 2026. These proxy materials and our annual report were first made available to shareholders beginning on March 10, 2026. Items of business: Board Recommendation 1. The election of each of the 12 directors named in the proxy statement FOR all nominees 2. An advisory vote to approve the compensation of our executives disclosed in the proxy statement FOR 3. The ratification of the selection of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year FOR 4. Any other business that may properly be considered at the meeting or any adjournment of the meeting Every Vote is Important Voting by Proxy It is important that your shares be represented and voted. You may vote your shares by Internet or telephone by no later than 11:59 p.m., eastern time, on April 20, 2026 (or April 16, 2026, for shares held in the U.S. Bank 401(k) Savings Plan), as directed in the proxy materials. If you received a printed copy of the proxy materials, you may also complete, sign and return the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form by mail. Voting in any of these ways will not prevent you from virtually attending or voting your shares at the meeting. We encourage you to vote by Internet or telephone to reduce mailing and handling expenses. Sign up for electronic delivery If you received paper copies of the notice or proxy materials, we encourage you to sign up to receive all of your future proxy materials electronically, as described under How can I receive my proxy materials by e-mail in the future? on page 87 . To express our appreciation, we will plant a tree in partnership with the Arbor Day Foundation on behalf of every retail shareholder account that registers for electronic delivery of our proxy materials. By Order of the Board of Directors Kathryn V. Purdom Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary March 10, 2026 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be Held on April 21, 2026: Our proxy statement and 2025 Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy statement table of contents Proxy statement highlights 1 Proposal 1 Election of directors 9 Director selection and nomination considerations 9 2026 nominees for director 13 Corporate governance 21 Director independence 21 Board leadership structure 22 Board meetings and committees 24 Committee responsibilities 24 Committee member qualifications 27 Compensation Committee interlocks and insider participation 27 Majority vote standard for election of directors 27 Board performance evaluations 28 Director orientation and onboarding 29 Director education 29 Ethics and conduct 29 Succession planning and management development 30 Shareholder engagement 30 Risk oversight by the Board of Directors 31 Certain relationships and related transactions 34 Review of related person transactions 34 Related person transactions 35 Proposal 2 Advisory vote on executive compensation 36 Compensation discussion and analysis 37 Executive compensation overview 38 Philosophy and objectives of our executive compensation program 41 Base salary 42 Annual cash incentive awards 42 Long-term incentive awards 47 Decision making and policies 51 Compensation Committee report 58 Executive compensation 59 Summary compensation table 59 Grants of plan-based awards 61 Outstanding equity awards 62 Option exercises and stock vested 64 Pension benefits 64 Nonqualified deferred compensation 67 Potential payments upon termination or change-in-control 69 Pay ratio 72 Pay versus performance 73 Director compensation 77 Audit Committee report and payment of fees to auditor (independent registered public accounting firm) 79 Proposal 3 Ratification of selection of independent registered public accounting firm 81 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management 82 Questions and answers about the annual meeting and voting 84 Other matters 88 Annual Report to Shareholders and Form 10-K 88 Communicating with U.S. Bancorp s Board of Directors 88 Deadlines for nominating directors and submitting proposals for the 2027 annual meeting 88 Other matters for consideration 89 Appendix 90 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy statement highlights Proxy statement highlights This highlights section does not contain all the information that you should consider before voting. Please read the entire proxy statement carefully. Voting matters and Board recommendations Proposal Board recommendation For more information Proposal 1 The election of each of the 12 director nominees named in the proxy statement FOR all nominees Page 9 Proposal 2 An advisory vote to approve the compensation of our executives disclosed in the proxy statement FOR Page 36 Proposal 3 The ratification of the selection of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year FOR Page 81 Casting your vote The Board of Directors of U.S. Bancorp (the Board or the Board of Directors) is soliciting proxies for use at the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 21, 2026, and at any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. Your vote is important! Please cast your vote and play a part in the future of U.S. Bancorp. Even if you plan to attend our annual meeting, please cast your vote as soon as possible by: Internet www.proxyvote.com Telephone Mail The voting deadline is 11:59 p.m., eastern time, on April 20, 2026 (or April 16, 2026, for shares held in the U.S. Bank 401(k) Savings Plan). For more information about how to cast your vote, go to page 84 . Attending the annual meeting You are invited to attend the annual meeting of shareholders, which is being held virtually. You will be able to attend the meeting, as well as vote and submit your questions during the meeting, by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/USB2026 and logging in with the 16-digit control number found on your proxy card, voter instruction form, or notice, as applicable. We encourage all shareholders to vote and submit questions in advance of the meeting at www.proxyvote.com. In the event of technical difficulties with the annual meeting, we expect that an announcement or notice will be made available on www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/USB2026. If it is necessary to adjourn the annual meeting due to technical difficulties, the announcement or notice will provide updated information regarding the date, time, and location of the annual meeting, and the updated information will also be posted on our Investor Relations website at ir.usbank.com. For more information about meeting admission, go to page 85 . U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy statement highlights About U.S. Bancorp Headquartered in Minneapolis, U.S. Bancorp is the parent company of U.S. Bank National Association, the fifth-largest commercial bank in the United States. Our three major business lines serve 15 million clients throughout the U.S., Canada and Europe, and our team of nearly 70,000 people invest our hearts and minds to power human potential every day. Ranked 105th on the Fortune 500, we are deeply respected for our culture and long-term stewardship and admired for our diversified business mix and product capabilities. 1. Full year 2025 taxable-equivalent basis. Business line net revenue percentages exclude Treasury and Corporate Support; see Non-GAAP financial measures section for reconciliation to the following GAAP measures; Wealth, Corporate, Commercial and Institutional Banking: 42%; Consumer and Business Banking: 31%; Payment Services: 26%; Treasury and Corporate Support: 1%. 2. Includes a portion of Treasury Management. Remembering our friend and colleague Terry Dolan In March 2025, we mourned the tragic passing of our beloved friend and colleague, Terry Dolan. We have truly appreciated the outpouring of support and your shared remembrances of Terry following his passing. Since joining U.S. Bank in 1998, Terry made an indelible impact on our organization, having last served as our Vice Chair and Chief Administration Officer. We are grateful for Terry s many significant contributions to our company, including through his sense of humor and friendly approach as well as his dedication to serving our customers. 2 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy statement highlights U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy statement highlights Director nominees at a glance Name 1 Age Director Since Primary Occupation Committee Memberships Independent Warner L. Baxter 64 12/2015 Retired Executive Chairman and Former Chairman, President and CEO, Ameren Corporation A (Chair), CHR, E Dorothy Bridges 70 10/2018 CEO, Metropolitan Economic Development Association (Meda) RM, T Elizabeth L. Buse 65 6/2018 Former CEO, Monitise plc CHR, RM Alan B. Colberg 64 1/2023 Retired President and CEO, Assurant, Inc. A, G Kimberly N. Ellison-Taylor 55 1/2021 Founder and CEO, KET Solutions, LLC A, T Aleem Gillani 64 7/2024 Retired Corporate Executive Vice President and CFO, SunTrust Banks, Inc. A, RM Roland A. Hernandez Lead Independent Director 68 1/2012 Founding Principal and CEO, Hernandez Media Ventures CHR (Chair), G, E Gunjan Kedia 55 1/2025 CEO and President, U.S. Bancorp E CEO Richard P. McKenney 57 10/2017 President and CEO, Unum Group G (Chair), CHR, E Yusuf I. Mehdi 59 6/2018 Executive Vice President, Consumer Chief Marketing Officer, Microsoft Corporation T (Chair), RM, E Loretta E. Reynolds 61 10/2022 Founder and CEO, LEReynolds Group, LLC; Retired Lieutenant General, U.S. Marine Corps RM, T John P. Wiehoff 64 1/2020 Retired Chairman and CEO, C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. RM (Chair), G, E A Audit Committee RM Risk Management Committee CHR Compensation and Human Resources Committee T Technology Committee G Governance Committee E Executive Committee 1. After over 40 years of dedicated service to our company, including nine years as a member and eight years as Chairman of our Board of Directors, Andrew Cecere informed the Board that he would not stand for re-election following expiration of his current term at the 2026 annual meeting. Gunjan Kedia has been elected to serve as Chairman, in addition to her current responsibilities, effective upon Mr. Cecere s retirement from the Board on April 21, 2026. 4 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy statement highlights Board nominee composition The composition of the nominees for election to our Board of Directors reflects our Board s and Governance Committee s deliberate process and focus on ensuring that our Board has an appropriate mix of skills, qualifications and tenure to oversee our business and our company s strategy. The Board s nominees bring a complementary and appropriate mix of skills, experience and capabilities to oversee the company s strategy and risk profile. Over the last several years, the Governance Committee and the Board have continued to enhance the Board s composition through the addition of new independent directors who bring, among other skills and qualifications, chief executive officer and financial services industry experience as well as risk management, financial reporting and accounting, and cybersecurity and technology expertise. For more information about our board and nominees, go to page 9 . U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy statement highlights Board structure and oversight The Board of Directors has oversight of U.S. Bancorp s affairs and conducts its business through meetings of the Board and standing committees. The Governance Committee and the Board regularly review the Board s structure and the oversight responsibilities of each Board committee in order to provide effective oversight. The following are certain key changes to committee structure and oversight that the Board approved since our last annual meeting: Recognizing the ongoing transformation of the banking industry and the importance of technology, including emerging financial solutions (e.g., digital assets) and technologies such as artificial intelligence, to the company s strategy, the Board created a new Board-level Technology Committee , effective January 1, 2026. This new Technology Committee oversees the company s technology strategy, modernization and transformation, with a focus on the company s cybersecurity technology strategy. The Risk Management Committee continues to provide holistic oversight of all of the key financial, non-financial and emerging risks faced by the company, including technology risk, cybersecurity risk and resiliency. The Board also reallocated oversight of corporate responsibility and community investment matters to the Governance Committee and fair lending risk to the Risk Management Committee, removing duplication in Board-level reporting and consolidating risk oversight within its committee structure. The chart below summarizes the key oversight responsibilities of each Board committee. 6 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy statement highlights 2025 executive compensation program 1 1. This information reflects target total direct compensation for the company s current CEO and other NEOs who are current executive officers (Stern, Richard, Philipson and Barcelos). 2. Effective April 16, 2025, following Gunjan Kedia s promotion to the role of Chief Executive Officer in addition to her prior role as President, the Board increased her base salary from $1,000,000 to $1,200,000 and her annual cash incentive target from 250% to 275%. Ms. Kedia s base salary, annual incentive target and aggregate long-term incentive amounts upon her promotion to the CEO role in April 2025 are used in the chart above. 3. The retention RSU award granted in February 2025 to Jodi L. Richard, Vice Chair and Chief Risk Officer, has been excluded for purposes of the chart above. See Long-term incentive awards below. For more information about executive compensation and the 2025 compensation decisions for our named executive officers, go to page 37 . U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy statement highlights Corporate governance highlights Board independence Strong Lead Independent Director position: Our independent directors annually elect a Lead Independent Director, who has broad authority and responsibility over Board governance and operations. Key committees independent: Independent directors comprise 100% of each of the Audit, Compensation and Human Resources, Governance, and Technology Committees. Regular executive sessions: The full Board and its standing committees each meet in executive session on a regular basis without members of management present. Board accountability Majority voting: In uncontested elections, our directors are elected annually by a majority of votes cast. Board not classified: All of our directors are elected annually. Shareholder rights and engagement 3/3/20/20 proxy access: A shareholder or group of up to 20 shareholders that has held at least 3% of our company s stock for at least three years is able to nominate directors to fill up to 20% of the Board seats (but at least two directors). Special meeting: Holders of at least 25% of our stock are able to call a special meeting of shareholders. No poison pill: Our company does not maintain a shareholder rights plan. Shareholder outreach: Each year we reach out to a significant proportion of our large institutional shareholders to invite a conversation about corporate governance, executive compensation, corporate responsibility and sustainability matters and any other matter of interest to the shareholder and share feedback from those engagements with the Board. Board effectiveness Board, committee and individual evaluations: The Governance Committee annually conducts rigorous Board assessments, including evaluations of committees and individual directors. Overboarding restrictions: Unless approved by our Board, a director may not serve on more than three public company boards in addition to ours, and a director who is a CEO of a public company may not serve on more than one public company board in addition to our Board (including the company of which he or she serves as CEO). Retirement policy: Our Board does not have a rigid retirement policy but instead evaluates for appropriateness the re-nomination of an incumbent director after he or she has reached the age of 72. Director/shareholder alignment Stock ownership: Each non-employee director is required to hold stock equal in value to five times the annual cash retainer. New directors must satisfy this requirement within five years of joining the Board. No hedging or pledging: Like our executive officers, our directors are prohibited from pledging our company s securities as collateral for a loan and from engaging in any hedging transactions involving any of the company s securities. For more information about corporate governance, go to page 21 . 8 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors Proposal 1 Election of directors Our Board of Directors currently has 13 members. All directors are elected annually to serve one-year terms until the next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified. Twelve of our current directors have been nominated for election by the Board to hold office until the 2027 annual meeting and the election of their successors. After over 40 years of dedicated service to our company, including nine years as a member and eight years as Chairman of our Board of Directors, Andrew Cecere informed the Board that he would not stand for re-election following expiration of his current term at the 2026 annual meeting. In light of Mr. Cecere s departure from the Board, the size of our Board will be reduced to 12 as of our 2026 annual meeting. All of the nominees currently serve on our Board. Each of the nominees has previously been elected by our shareholders. The Board has determined that, except for Gunjan Kedia, our Chief Executive Officer and President, each nominee for election as a director at the annual meeting is independent from U.S. Bancorp as discussed later in this proxy statement under Corporate governance Director independence. FOR The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR election of each of the 12 director nominees below to serve until the next annual meeting and the election of their successors. Director selection and nomination considerations Director nominee selection process The selection process for first-time director candidates includes the following steps: identification of one or more desired profiles for director candidates based on the most recent assessment of the skill sets represented on the Board compared to the Board s needs, as well as feedback received from the Board evaluation process; identification of candidates by the Governance Committee based upon information provided by a director search firm, suggestions from current directors and executive officers, and any recommendations received from shareholders and other sources; interviews of candidates by the Lead Independent Director and other directors; reports presented to the Board by the Governance Committee on the candidates and selection process; recommendations made by the Governance Committee; and election by the Board or formal nomination by the Board for inclusion in the slate of directors at the annual meeting. A shareholder seeking to recommend a prospective candidate for the Governance Committee s consideration should submit the candidate s name and sufficient written information about the candidate to permit a determination by the Governance Committee of whether the candidate meets the director selection criteria set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Recommendations should be sent to the Chair of the Governance Committee in care of the Corporate Secretary of U.S. Bancorp at the address listed in the Other matters section of this proxy statement. Board refreshment and nomination considerations Our Governance Committee continuously assesses the evolving opportunities and challenges facing our company in order to align the Board s composition with our company s leadership needs and strategic direction. The Governance Committee evaluates the composition of the Board against the company s needs every year, which culminates in the process of nominating new and incumbent directors. The Governance Committee s decision to renominate an incumbent director is informed by the director s skills and qualifications, past attendance at meetings, participation in the work of the Board and overall contribution to the Board, as assessed in the annual Board evaluation process. The Board s commitment to refreshment can require candid conversations with individual directors when the Governance Committee has determined that a different Board composition would increase the Board s effectiveness. As a result of the Board evaluation and skills-to-strategy alignment processes, directors may decide or be asked not to stand for re-election at the next annual meeting. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors When a new director is sought, the Governance Committee considers the following factors: Skills and qualifications: When considering the skills and backgrounds desirable in future Board members, the Governance Committee identifies the professional experience and skill sets represented on the Board and compares them to the skill sets that the Governance Committee believes is important to have represented among the directors at any given time in light of the company s current business, strategy, risks and opportunities. Any gaps become focus areas for director search efforts. See below for additional information on our directors skills and qualifications. Personal qualities: The Governance Committee will only consider as candidates for director individuals who possess the highest personal and professional ethics and integrity, and who are committed to representing the long-term interests of all our stakeholders. Directors must be able to work in a collegial manner with persons of different educational, business and cultural backgrounds. Board composition: As required by our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Governance Committee is responsible for ensuring that the Board s composition reflects a mix of members representing various backgrounds, perspectives, industries, skills, and professional experiences because the Board benefits from a variety of perspectives, experiences and skill sets in exercising its oversight role. Our Governance Committee regularly reviews the composition of the Board in light of those factors and other personal qualities and attributes represented by the Board s current members. The Governance Committee incorporates this broad view of board composition into its director nomination process and is committed to ensuring that the Board s composition appropriately reflects the current and anticipated needs of the Board and our company. Capacity: Serving on the board of a large financial institution requires a significant commitment of time and energy, and directors must be willing and able to devote sufficient attention to carrying out their duties and responsibilities effectively. The Governance Committee will consider the professional and other demands placed on candidates, including service on the boards of other public or private companies. Unless the Board determines that a director s service to our company would not be impaired, a director may not serve on more than three other boards of public companies in addition to our Board, and a director who serves as the CEO of a public company may not serve on more than one public company board in addition to our Board (including the board of the company of which he or she serves as CEO). Tenure and refreshment: Our Governance Committee believes that it is important to maintain a balance of tenure on the Board to benefit from the business, industry and governance experience of longer-serving directors and the fresh perspectives contributed by new directors, while recognizing the value of continuity as Board composition changes. Our Governance Committee aims to have a measured rate of Board refreshment. Retirement and other considerations for incumbent directors: In addition to the factors stated above, the Governance Committee will evaluate any director s continued service on the Board for appropriateness in each of the following circumstances: the director has a change in employment or other major responsibilities; an employee director ceases to be a company employee; and the director has reached the age of 72 since the last meeting of shareholders at which the director was elected. 10 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors Skills and qualifications of our director nominees The Governance Committee has identified certain skills, experiences and professional qualifications that are important to be represented on the Board for strong collective oversight of the company s business and strategy. These skills and qualifications, along with the ways these experiences contribute to the Board s collective oversight of the development and execution of the company s strategy, are reflected in the chart below: Skill or qualification Criteria Link to strategy Chief executive experience Are current or former CEOs of publicly held or large private corporations Have experience overseeing senior leadership, finance, marketing, and execution of corporate strategy from both a management and a board perspective Community or sustainability leadership Have significant professional leadership experience in community service organizations, public policy roles, and/or sustainability matters (or a related certification) Provide perspective on our company s connections to the communities it serves and responsible and sustainable business practices and opportunities Corporate governance Have significant experience serving on and leading the boards of other large corporations and/or professional experience in the corporate governance field Help our Board fulfill its oversight function effectively Customer experience Have executive-level experience in a consumer-focused industry other than financial services Provide insight into how our company interacts with retail customers Digital, technology, or cybersecurity experience Have executive-level experience in an industry driving digital and/or technological change or cybersecurity experience through prior professional experience (or a related certification/ degree) Contribute expertise regarding digital capabilities, technological transformation, information security, or product innovation and evolving customer expectations Financial reporting and accounting Have specialized financial reporting qualifications, such as experience as a CPA or as the CFO of a large corporation Are particularly well suited to overseeing the quality and integrity of our company s financial statements Financial services industry experience Have executive-level experience in the financial services industry Possess deep knowledge of the business challenges and opportunities facing our company Other regulated industry experience Have executive-level experience in a regulated industry other than financial services Provide a valuable perspective on how an extensive regulatory framework intersects with strategic and operational planning Risk management Have specific risk-management expertise, gained through leadership at a critical infrastructure company, in the financial services industry, at a financial regulator, or in the military Are particularly adept at identifying and assessing the varied risks facing our company as a large financial institution U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors The following matrix highlights the specific skills and qualifications that our Board views as important when evaluating director nominees. Additional information on the business experience and other qualifications of each director nominee is included in the director s biography below. Each director also contributes other important skills, expertise, experience, viewpoints, and personal attributes to our Board that are not reflected in the matrix below. Skills and qualifications of director nominees Director CEO experience Community or sustainability leadership Corporate governance Customer experience Digital, technology, or cybersecurity experience Financial reporting and accounting Financial services industry experience Other regulated industry experience Risk management Baxter Bridges Buse Colberg Ellison-Taylor Gillani Hernandez Kedia McKenney Mehdi Reynolds Wiehoff # of Directors 6 3 6 4 5 7 6 1 9 Director Board age, tenure, and other directorships Age (years) Years on the board (from date first elected) # of other public company boards Baxter 64 10 2 Bridges 70 7 0 Buse 65 7 1 Colberg 64 3 1 Ellison-Taylor 55 5 1 Gillani 64 1 1 Hernandez 68 14 2 Kedia 55 1 0 McKenney 57 8 1 Mehdi 59 7 0 Reynolds 61 3 0 Wiehoff 64 6 2 62.2 avg. 6 avg. 1 avg. 12 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors 2026 nominees for director Each of the director nominees named below has agreed to serve as a director if elected. Proxies may not be voted for more than 12 nominees. If, for any reason, any nominee becomes unable to serve before the election, the persons named as proxies will vote your shares for a substitute nominee selected by the Board of Directors. Alternatively, the Board of Directors may choose to reduce the number of directors that are nominated for election. In addition, as described below under Majority vote standard for election of directors, each of the nominees has tendered his or her contingent resignation as a director in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, to be effective if he or she fails to receive a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election and the Board accepts the tendered resignation. Included below is certain information that the director nominees have provided about themselves, as well as additional information that the Board considered in nominating them. Warner L. Baxter Director since December 2015 Committees Chair, Audit Compensation and Human Resources Executive Business experience: Mr. Baxter, 64, is the retired Executive Chairman and former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ameren Corporation, a regulated electric and gas utility company serving customers in Missouri and Illinois. He served as the Executive Chairman from January 2022 to November 2023. Prior to that time, Mr. Baxter served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ameren Corporation from 2014 to January 2022. Mr. Baxter also served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Edison Electric Institution, an association representing all U.S. investor-owned electric companies, from June 2022 to June 2023 and as Vice Chairman from 2020 to June 2022. Mr. Baxter served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ameren Missouri from 2009 to 2014 and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ameren Corporation from 2003 to 2009. Before joining Ameren, Mr. Baxter served as a Senior Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC). Other public company directorships: Quanta Services, Inc. since 2024 (Safety, Operations and Risk Committee Chair, Audit and Governance and Nominating Committees) WEC Energy Group, Inc. since 2025 (Audit and Oversight Committee) Ameren Corporation from 2014 to 2023 Skills and qualifications: Chief executive experience: Mr. Baxter s experience as a recent CEO of a Fortune 500 company provides valuable leadership insight and knowledge of strategic growth to the Board. Community or sustainability leadership: Mr. Baxter s leadership relating to the environmental and sustainability strategy at a regulated electric and gas utility company provides him with valuable insights and experience relating to sustainability and environmental stewardship issues. Corporate governance: Mr. Baxter has gained significant corporate governance expertise through his prior service as the Executive Chairman and Chairman of a large public company, as well as through his current leadership of the Audit Committee. Financial reporting and accounting: Through his past experience as the CFO and Controller of a large publicly traded company and through his experience at PwC, Mr. Baxter brings extensive financial reporting and accounting expertise to our Board. Other regulated industry expertise: As the past Executive Chairman and former President and CEO of a company in a highly regulated industry, as well as the past Chairman of the industry association representing all U.S. investor-owned electric companies, Mr. Baxter provides valuable perspective on regulatory and business challenges facing our company. Risk management: As the past President and CEO of a company in a critical infrastructure industry and through his experience at PwC, Mr. Baxter brings valuable risk management expertise to our Board of Directors. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors Dorothy Bridges Director since October 2018 Committees Risk Management Technology Business experience: Ms. Bridges, 70, is the Chief Executive Officer of the Metropolitan Economic Development Association (Meda), a nonprofit organization providing business consultancy services, access to capital and marketing opportunities to BIPOC-owned businesses. She has served in this capacity since September 2022. Ms. Bridges served as Senior Vice President of Public Affairs, Outreach and Community Development of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, one of the twelve regional banks in the Federal Reserve System, from July 2011 until June 2018. Prior to joining the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, Ms. Bridges served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of City First Bank, a commercial bank providing financial services in low- and moderate-income communities, from 2008 until July 2011, and as President and Chief Executive Officer of Franklin National Bank, a Minneapolis commercial bank, from 1999 to 2008. Skills and qualifications: Community or sustainability leadership: Through her experience as the senior leader in charge of public affairs, outreach and community development, and as the CEO of a commercial bank focusing on low- and moderate-income communities, Ms. Bridges brings to our Board expertise in understanding the financial needs of the individuals living in the communities we serve. Financial services industry expertise: Ms. Bridges s extensive experience in the banking industry, as a senior leader of a reserve bank and as the CEO of two commercial banks, as well as her current role as the Chair of the American Bankers Association Community Bankers Council, gives her valuable industry and regulatory oversight expertise. Risk management: Through her experience at the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, Ms. Bridges brings to our Board risk management expertise that is particularly relevant to our company. Elizabeth L. Buse Director since June 2018 Committees Compensation and Human Resources Risk Management Business experience: Ms. Buse, 65, is the former Chief Executive Officer of Monitise plc, a global mobile banking and payments company based in the United Kingdom. She served as Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Monitise during 2014 and 2015, after retiring from Visa, Inc., a leading payment network, as Executive Vice President of Global Services, a position she held from 2013 to 2014. Ms. Buse held various senior leadership positions at Visa prior to that time, including Group President for Asia-Pacific, Central Europe, Middle East and Africa from 2010 to 2013. Other public company directorships: F5, Inc. since 2020 (Talent and Compensation Committee Chair; Risk and Nominating and Environmental, Social and Governance Committees) Skills and qualifications: Corporate governance: Through her current and past experience as a director for several public and private financial services technology companies, Ms. Buse brings valuable financial services specific corporate governance best practices experience to our Board. Financial services industry expertise: As the former CEO of Monitise and as a former senior leader at Visa, Ms. Buse gained broad financial industry expertise that is particularly relevant to our Board. Risk management: Ms. Buse brings to our Board valuable risk management expertise gained through her work in the financial services industry. 14 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors Alan B. Colberg Director since January 2023 Committees Audit Governance Business experience: Mr. Colberg, 64, is the retired President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant, Inc., a financial services company providing specialty insurance products and services. He served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of Assurant from January 2015 to December 2021, and as its President from 2014 to May 2021, prior to his retirement in January 2022. Prior to those roles, he served as Executive Vice President of Marketing and Business Development. Before joining Assurant in March 2011, Mr. Colberg served in various senior leadership roles for 22 years at Bain Company, Inc., a management consulting company, where he served as global head of Bain s financial services practice, among other roles. Early in his career, Mr. Colberg worked as an accountant for The Procter Gamble Company. Other public company directorships: Corebridge Financial, Inc. since 2022 (Chair of the Board; Chair of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee) Assurant, Inc. from 2015 to 2021 Skills and qualifications: Chief executive experience: As the former President and CEO of Assurant, Mr. Colberg provides valuable leadership and management expertise to our Board. Corporate governance: Mr. Colberg brings significant corporate governance expertise to our Board gained from his experience as the President and CEO of a public company and through his experience as a current and past board member, board chair, and committee chair of multiple public companies. Financial reporting and accounting: Through his service as CEO of Assurant, as a member and chair of the audit committees of the boards of public companies, and his accounting and educational background, Mr. Colberg brings financial reporting and accounting experience to our Board. Financial services industry expertise: Mr. Colberg s experience as the former President and CEO of a financial services company and former head of the financial services practice at a large consulting company provides important expertise to our Board on managing the economic and regulatory environment currently facing our company. Risk management: Through his vast experience as the President and CEO of a financial services company and as the global head of the financial services practice at Bain, Mr. Colberg brings valuable risk management experience to our Board. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors Kimberly N. Ellison-Taylor Director since January 2021 Committees Audit Technology Business experience: Ms. Ellison-Taylor, 55, is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of KET Solutions, LLC, a consulting firm focused on business growth, innovation, strategy, transformation and inclusive leadership. She has served in this capacity since April 2021. Ms. Ellison-Taylor served as the Executive Director of Finance Thought Leadership of Oracle Corporation, a Fortune 100 company that provides products and services for enterprise information technology environments, from April 2019 to April 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Ellison-Taylor served as the Global Strategy Leader in the Cloud Business Group of Oracle from September 2018 to March 2019 and as the Global Strategy Director in the Financial Services Industry Group of Oracle from July 2015 until September 2018, where she led worldwide teams to develop and execute strategies dealing with cloud data, information security, fraud prevention and detection, and customer experience. From 2016 to 2018, she also served as the chairman of the American Institute of CPAs, the world s largest member association representing the accounting profession. Prior to joining Oracle in 2004, she held roles at NASA s Goddard Space Flight Center, Motorola and KPMG and served as the Chief Information Technology Officer for Prince George s County Government in Maryland. Other public company directorships: Marathon Petroleum Corporation since 2024 (Audit and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees) EverCommerce Inc. from 2021 to 2024 Skills and qualifications: Community or sustainability leadership: Ms. Ellison-Taylor brings to our Board current expertise in overseeing climate risk and creating sustainable growth strategies, gained through her certification in the Diligent Climate Leadership Program. Customer experience: Ms. Ellison-Taylor brings to our Board expertise relating to customer opportunities and expectations, gained through her prior experience as the senior leader of a consumer-focused company. Digital, technology, or cybersecurity experience: Through her past experiences at a company providing innovative technology products and services, her experience as a Chief Information Technology Officer, her current roles consulting on innovation and transformation and teaching Emerging Technologies and Innovation at Carnegie Mellon University and her ongoing director education in cybersecurity oversight matters, Ms. Ellison-Taylor brings to our Board vast expertise of innovative technology that is particularly relevant to our company. Financial reporting and accounting: Ms. Ellison-Taylor s experience as a CPA and former chair of the American Institute of CPAs provides valuable financial reporting and accounting expertise to our Board. She is also a Certified Internal Auditor and Certified Information Systems Auditor and brings expertise relating to financial processes, operations and internal controls to our Board. 16 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors Aleem Gillani Director since July 2024 Committees Audit Risk Management Business experience: Mr. Gillani, 64, is the retired Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SunTrust Banks, Inc., a financial services company. He served as Chief Financial Officer of SunTrust from April 2011 to March 2018, as Corporate Treasurer from March 2010 to April 2011 and as Chief Market Risk Officer from 2007 to 2010. Prior to joining SunTrust, Mr. Gillani served in various senior leadership roles at PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., FleetBoston Financial and the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. He was the founding chair of the Market Risk Council for the Risk Management Association (RMA) and served for many years as a director on the RMA Board of Directors. Other public company directorships: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation since 2019 (Audit and Nominating and Governance Committees) Skills and qualifications: Financial reporting and accounting: Through his service as CFO of SunTrust, as a former chair of the audit committee of the board of a public company, and through his educational background, Mr. Gillani brings financial reporting and accounting experience to our Board that makes him particularly well suited to oversee the quality and integrity of our company s financial statements. Financial services industry expertise: Mr. Gillani s experience as the retired CFO of a large financial services company and current service on the Board of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Company provides valuable expertise to our Board on managing the challenges and opportunities at our company. Risk management: Mr. Gillani brings to our Board valuable risk management expertise, including experience identifying, assessing and managing risk exposures of large, complex financial firms, gained through his work as CFO and Chief Risk Officer at a financial services company and through his experience on the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Board. Roland A. Hernandez Director since January 2012 Lead Independent Director Committees Chair, Compensation and Human Resources Governance Executive Business experience: Mr. Hernandez, 68, is the Founding Principal and Chief Executive Officer of Hernandez Media Ventures, a privately held company engaged in the acquisition and management of media assets. He has served in this capacity since January 2001. Mr. Hernandez served as Chairman of Telemundo Group, Inc., a Spanish-language television and entertainment company, from 1998 to 2000 and as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1995 to 2000. He previously served on the Board of Directors of Belmond Ltd., The Ryland Group, Inc., Sony Corporation, Vail Resorts, Inc., and Walmart Inc. Other public company directorships: Fox Corporation since 2019 (Audit Committee Chair, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee) Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. since 2019 (Nominating and Governance Committee Chair, Compensation Committee) MGM Resorts International from 2002 to 2021 Skills and qualifications: Chief executive experience: Mr. Hernandez s experience as a former CEO of Telemundo provides valuable leadership insight and operational and strategic knowledge to the Board. Corporate governance: Through his experience as the Chairman or Lead Director of several public companies, Mr. Hernandez brings to our Board significant expertise in corporate governance issues and best practices. Customer experience: Mr. Hernandez brings deep expertise of customer expectations to our Board and adds a perspective on customer opportunities, gained through his prior experience as the leader of a consumer-focused company and through his service on the boards of directors of numerous customer focused companies. Financial reporting and accounting: With his extensive past and current experience on the audit committees of the boards of public companies, Mr. Hernandez brings broad financial reporting and accounting expertise to our Board. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors Gunjan Kedia Director since January 2025 Committees Executive Business experience: Ms. Kedia, 55, is the Chief Executive Officer and President of U.S. Bancorp. She has served in this position since April 2025 and previously served as President from May 2024 to April 2025. Prior to that, she served as Vice Chair of Wealth, Corporate, Commercial and Institutional Banking from June 2023 to May 2024 and as Vice Chair, Wealth Management and Investment Services from December 2016 to June 2023. Ms. Kedia brings over 30 years of financial services experience to her role. Before joining U.S. Bancorp in 2016, she held global executive positions at State Street Financial and BNY. Previously, she was a partner at McKinsey Company and a core leader of the financial services practice. She began her career at PwC. Skills and qualifications: Chief executive experience: As CEO of U.S. Bancorp, Ms. Kedia s deep knowledge of our company, its business and our strategic priorities provides valuable insight to all Board discussions and deliberations. Customer experience: Ms. Kedia contributes to our Board a current perspective on client expectations across our consumer, wealth, small business and corporate and institutional clients gained from her long leadership of several businesses. Digital, technology, or cybersecurity experience: Through her current experience as CEO and President and prior leadership roles at U.S. Bancorp, Ms. Kedia brings a record of driving growth and productivity, including through digital capabilities and technology transformation initiatives. Financial services industry expertise: Ms. Kedia has deep expertise in the financial services industry, gained through a career of more than 30 years in the industry. Risk management: Through her extensive experience as the leader of business lines and in executive positions at several financial services companies, and as a partner and core leader of the financial services practice at McKinsey, Ms. Kedia brings valuable risk management experience to our Board. Richard P. McKenney Director since October 2017 Committees Chair, Governance Compensation and Human Resources Executive Business experience: Mr. McKenney, 57, is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Unum Group, a workplace financial protection benefits company. He has served as President since April 2015 and as Chief Executive Officer since May 2015. Mr. McKenney served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Unum from 2009 to 2015. Prior to joining Unum in 2009, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Sun Life Financial, Inc., an international financial services company, from 2006 to 2009. Mr. McKenney began his career at General Electric Company, transitioning his roles from manufacturing to financial leadership. Other public company directorships: Unum Group since 2015 Skills and qualifications: Chief executive experience: Mr. McKenney s experience as a current CEO provides valuable strategic and operational expertise to our Board gained by leading a large company through the current economic and regulatory environment. Corporate governance: As the current President, CEO and board member of a public company, Mr. McKenney has gained significant corporate governance expertise that is valuable to our Board. Financial reporting and accounting: Through his past experience as CFO of several companies, Mr. McKenney brings extensive financial reporting and accounting expertise to our Board. Financial services industry expertise: As the current President and CEO of a financial services company, Mr. McKenney brings to our Board discussions expertise in managing the business environment facing financial services companies and important perspective regarding the regulatory environment for financial services companies. Risk management: Through his experience as the leader of a financial services company, Mr. McKenney brings experience identifying, assessing and managing risk exposures of large, complex financial firms. 18 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors Yusuf I. Mehdi Director since June 2018 Committees Chair, Technology Risk Management Executive Business experience: Mr. Mehdi, 59, is the Executive Vice President, Consumer Chief Marketing Officer, at Microsoft Corporation, a multinational technology company. He has served in that capacity since October 2023. He defines Microsoft s consumer vision and serves as the champion for the company s end-user experiences, overseeing product management and go-to-market strategy for Microsoft s Devices Creativity, and Search, News Advertising solution areas. Mr. Mehdi leads product marketing and stewardship for Microsoft Copilot, the Windows platform and ecosystem, the Microsoft Surface device portfolio, Microsoft 365 consumer subscriptions, and Microsoft s web services including the Edge browser and Bing Search engine. Mr. Medhi served as Vice President of the Modern Life and Devices Group from June 2018 to October 2023 and, prior to that Corporate Vice President of the Windows and Devices Group from 2015 to June 2018. In his tenure at Microsoft, which has spanned over 30-years, Mr. Mehdi has led virtually every aspect of Microsoft s end user businesses from Windows to Surface to Xbox to Internet Explorer. Skills and qualifications: Customer experience: Mr. Mehdi s role defining customer vision and driving end-to-end user experience at a large multinational company brings valuable retail and online business expertise to our Board, as well as adds a perspective on public and social policy issues facing a large consumer retail business. Digital, technology, or cybersecurity experience: Mr. Mehdi s significant experience in an industry that must adapt in real time to rapid changes in technology and customer expectations, and his leadership in artificial intelligence development and implementation, is a valuable resource in executing the company s corporate strategy. Loretta E. Reynolds Director since October 2022 Committees Risk Management Technology Business experience: Ms. Reynolds, 61, is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of LEReynolds Group, LLC, a consulting firm focused on providing information technology and strategic business intelligence services and advising complex global organizations on managing large-scale risk. She has served in this capacity since August 2021. Ms. Reynolds retired from the U.S. Marine Corps in July 2021 after 35 years of service. During her distinguished career with the U.S. Marine Corps, she earned the rank of Lieutenant General in May 2018 and served as Deputy Commandant for Information from July 2018 to July 2021 and Acting Commander of the Marine Corps Forces Space Command from August 2019 to December 2020. She is the third woman to be promoted to Lieutenant General (three-star) in the history of the U.S. Marine Corps. Prior to that, she also served as Commander of the Marine Corps Forces Cyberspace Command from September 2015 to July 2018. Ms. Reynolds also served from 2015 to 2021 as a member of the U.S. Marine Corps Corporate Board, with oversight responsibility for global strategy, capabilities, and missions. Ms. Reynolds has served as a member of the Board of Trustees at the American Public University System since June 2022. Skills and qualifications: Digital, technology, or cybersecurity experience: Ms. Reynolds brings extensive information technology and cybersecurity expertise to our Board as a result of her 35-year career in various leadership and command roles in the U.S. Marine Corps, including her experience developing, leading and managing the U.S. Marine Corps $12 billion global information portfolio spanning intelligence, information technology, networking, cyber, space and information. Risk Management: Ms. Reynolds brings valuable risk management expertise to our Board through her current role as a consultant advising on large-scale risk management, her commands and strategic leadership roles in the U.S. Marine Corp relating to cyber, space, and information/digital technologies, and her service on the U.S. Marine Corps Corporate Board. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of directors John P. Wiehoff Director since January 2020 Committees Chair, Risk Management Governance Executive Business Experience: Mr. Wiehoff, 64, is the retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc., a multimodal transportation services and third-party logistics company. He served as Chairman from 2006 to 2020. He also served as President from 1999 to 2019 and as Chief Executive Officer from 2002 to 2019. Prior to 1999, Mr. Wiehoff served in various senior leadership roles at C.H. Robinson starting in 1992 and began his career at Andersen Worldwide LLP with several different positions, including audit manager. Other public company directorships: Polaris Industries, Inc. since 2007 (Chairman, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, Compensation Committee) Union Pacific Corporation since 2023 (Audit and Compensation and Talent Committees) Donaldson Company, Inc. from 2003 to 2022 C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. from 2002 to 2020 Skills and qualifications: Chief executive experience: Mr. Wiehoff s experience as the CEO of a Fortune 500 company gives him valuable leadership and business expertise, as well as extensive executive management experience. Corporate governance: Mr. Wiehoff s experience as the Chairman of a public company and on the governance committees of numerous public companies provides valuable corporate governance expertise to our Board. Digital, technology, or cybersecurity experience: Through his experience as the leader at a logistics company, Mr. Wiehoff provides extensive expertise to our Board in executing strategy around technological transformation. Financial reporting and accounting: Mr. Wiehoff gained broad financial reporting and accounting expertise through his experience as an audit manager for a large accounting firm. Risk management: As the former President and CEO of a logistics company, Mr. Wiehoff brings valuable risk management experience and perspectives to our Board. 20 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Corporate governance Our Board of Directors and management are dedicated to exemplary corporate governance. Good corporate governance is vital to our continued success. Our Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines to provide a corporate governance framework for our directors and management to effectively pursue our objectives for the benefit of our shareholders. The Board reviews and updates these guidelines and the charters of the Board committees at least annually in response to evolving best practices and business needs, as well as the results of annual Board and committee evaluations. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines can be found at usbank.com by clicking on About us , Investor relations , Corporate Governance and then Governance documents. Director independence Our Board of Directors has determined that each of the following directors, comprising all of our current non-employee directors, has no material relationship with U.S. Bancorp and is independent: Warner L. Baxter, Dorothy Bridges, Elizabeth L. Buse, Alan B. Colberg, Kimberly N. Ellison-Taylor, Aleem Gillani, Roland A. Hernandez, Richard P. McKenney, Yusuf I. Mehdi, Loretta E. Reynolds, and John P. Wiehoff. Andrew Cecere and Gunjan Kedia are not independent because each of them is an officer of U.S. Bancorp and employed by U.S. Bank National Association. The Board had determined that each of Kimberly J. Harris and Scott W. Wine was an independent director prior to their retirement from the board in March and April 2025, respectively. Our Board has adopted a set of standards in our Corporate Governance Guidelines to assist it in assessing the independence of each of our non-employee directors. A director of U.S. Bancorp who meets the independence qualifications of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards may be deemed independent by the Board of Directors after consideration of the relationships between U.S. Bancorp or any of its affiliates and the director or any of his or her immediate family members or other related parties. Our Board deems the following relationships to be categorically immaterial such that they will not, by themselves, affect an independence determination: a relationship between our company and an organization of which the director or a member of his or her immediate family is an executive officer if that role does not constitute that person s principal occupation; an ordinary banking relationship for services readily available from other large financial institutions; employment by our company of a member of the director s immediate family if that person s annual compensation does not exceed $120,000; and a relationship between our company and an organization with which the director or a member of his or her immediate family is affiliated if (a) the relationship arises in the ordinary course of both parties operations and (b) the aggregate annual amount involved does not exceed $120,000. The only relationship between U.S. Bancorp and our directors or the directors related interests that was considered by the Board when assessing the independence of our non-employee directors is the relationship between U.S. Bancorp and Microsoft Corporation, a corporation with which our director Yusuf I. Mehdi is affiliated. The Board determined that this relationship, which is described later in this proxy statement under the heading Related person transactions, does not impair Mr. Mehdi s independence. This determination was based on the Board s conclusion that the amounts involved in transactions between U.S. Bancorp and Microsoft are immaterial to Microsoft s gross revenues and that the relationships had no unique characteristics that could influence Mr. Mehdi s impartial judgment as a director of U.S. Bancorp. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Board leadership structure Board leadership policies and practices Our Board believes that a strong, independent Board of Directors is critical to effective oversight of management. The Board carefully considers the important issue of the best independent leadership structure for the Board and maintains a flexible policy regarding the issue of whether the position of Chairman should be held by an independent director. At least annually, the Board reviews the Board s and company s needs and the leadership attributes of its directors and executives to determine whether our company is best served at that particular time by having the CEO or another director hold the position of Chairman. In order to provide strong independent Board leadership when the position of Chairman is not held by an independent director, the independent directors elect a Lead Independent Director with the substantial leadership responsibilities detailed below. The Lead Independent Director is elected annually upon the recommendation of the Governance Committee, with the expectation that he or she will generally serve three, and may serve up to five, consecutive terms. In addition, our Lead Independent Director is empowered with, and exercises, robust and well-defined duties reflected in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and summarized below. In addition to strong independent leadership of the full Board, each of the Audit Committee, Governance Committee, and Compensation and Human Resources Committee is composed solely of independent directors. Independent directors, therefore, oversee critical, risk-sensitive matters such as the quality and integrity of our financial statements; the compensation of our executive officers, including the CEO; the nomination of directors; and the evaluation of the Board, its committees and its members. Each of the remaining committees, aside from the Executive Committee, is chaired by an independent director. The full Board and each of its committees meet in executive session on a regular basis. Leadership decisions in 2026 Andrew Cecere has served as Chairman of the Board since April 2018. For most of that time, he also was our CEO, and since stepping down from the CEO position in April 2025, he has continued his Board leadership role as executive Chairman. On the date of our 2026 annual meeting, Mr. Cecere will retire from the Board and Gunjan Kedia, our current Chief Executive Officer and President and a member of the Board, will become Chairman of the Board. Roland A. Hernandez will continue serving as the Board s Lead Independent Director, a position he has held since April 2023. The independent directors, led by the Governance Committee, thoughtfully considered the question of what leadership structure would be the most appropriate for the Board and the company upon Mr. Cecere s retirement. Among other factors, they considered the challenges and opportunities facing the company at this time, the viewpoints of various stakeholders, and the prevalence of leadership practices and trends within the financial services industry and among large corporations more generally. The independent directors concluded that Ms. Kedia s leadership of the Board will provide valuable continuity of governance and she is best suited to contribute to long-term shareholder value through this role. More information about the Chairman and Lead Independent Director roles and the leaders who currently are, or soon will be, in those positions follows. Chairman Gunjan Kedia, who has over 30 years of financial services experience, including ten years at U.S. Bancorp, has the knowledge, expertise and experience to understand and clearly articulate to the Board the opportunities and risks facing our company and to lead discussions on important matters affecting our business. Role of Chairman When the Chairman is also the CEO, that person s primary responsibilities are as follows: set Board meeting agendas in collaboration with the Lead Independent Director, who has final approval authority over them; preside at Board meetings, guiding discussion and ensuring that decisions are made; help ensure that the Board is provided with full information on our company and its industry; set shareholder meeting agendas, subject to approval by the Board, and preside at meetings of the shareholders; and chair the Board s Executive Committee. 22 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Lead Independent Director Mr. Hernandez brings deep business and board leadership experience to his role as Lead Independent Director. As the founding principal and Chief Executive Officer of a company engaged in the acquisition and management of media assets, and through his vast experience as a leader and member of numerous public company boards, he contributes substantial corporate governance and risk management expertise to the Board. As Lead Independent Director, Mr. Hernandez regularly meets with our executive Chairman, CEO and key regulators, communicates with the other independent directors and chairs of each of the Board s committees, and acts as a regular communication channel between the independent directors and the CEO, providing advice and feedback from the Board. He has served as the Chair of the Board s Audit Committee and prior Capital Planning Committee, and he is currently the Chair of the Board s Compensation and Human Resources Committee and a member of the Governance and Executive Committees. Role of Lead Independent Director The independent directors entrust the Lead Independent Director with the following well-defined and robust responsibilities and authority: Board leadership lead executive sessions of the Board s independent or non-management directors, and preside at any session of the Board where the Chairman is not present; have authority to call special Board meetings or special meetings of the independent directors; Board culture act as a regular communication channel between the independent directors and the CEO, providing advice and feedback from the Board; act as a sounding board and advisor to the CEO; interview all Board candidates and make recommendations to the Governance Committee; Board performance advise the CEO on the Board s information needs, including recommendations for Board meeting topics and materials that reflect consultation with the other non-management directors and that are sufficient in scope, detail and analysis to enable the Board to make sound, well-informed decisions and consider potential risks, advise on Board communications to address various matters that may arise between Board meetings, and review and approve the Board meeting agendas; review Board meeting schedules to ensure there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; approve, on behalf of the Board, the retention of consultants who report directly to the Board; promote the efficient and effective performance and functioning of the Board by facilitating corporate governance best practices and compliance with our company s Corporate Governance Guidelines; advise the independent Board committee chairs in fulfilling their designated roles and responsibilities to the Board; Shareholders and other stakeholders review communications from shareholders and other stakeholders that are addressed to the full Board or to the Lead Independent Director; as appropriate, be the representative of the independent directors in discussions with our major shareholders regarding their concerns and expectations, and with other key stakeholders at the request of the Board; and communicate with our banking regulators, at their request, regarding the Board s oversight of management and our company. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Board meetings and committees The Board of Directors conducts its business through meetings of the Board and the following standing committees: Audit, Compensation and Human Resources, Governance, Risk Management, Technology, and Executive. The standing committees report on their deliberations and actions at each full Board meeting. Each of the standing committees has the authority to engage outside experts, advisers and counsel to the extent it considers appropriate to assist the committee in its work. Each of the standing committees has adopted and operates under a written charter. The Governance Committee and Board regularly review the Board s structure and the oversight responsibilities of each Board committee in order to provide effective oversight. Recognizing the ongoing transformation of the banking industry and the importance of technology, including emerging financial solutions (e.g., digital assets) and technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI), to the company s strategy, the Board created a new Board-level Technology Committee , effective January 1, 2026. This new Technology Committee oversees the company s technology strategy, modernization and transformation, with a focus on the company s cybersecurity technology strategy. The Risk Management Committee continues to provide holistic oversight of all of the key financial, non-financial and emerging risks faced by the company, including technology risk, cybersecurity risk and resiliency. In April 2025, the Board also reallocated oversight of corporate responsibility and community investment matters to the Governance Committee and fair lending risk to the Risk Management Committee, removing duplication in Board-level reporting and consolidating risk oversight within its committee structure. The Board s former Public Responsibility Committee held 2 meetings during 2025, and the former Cybersecurity and Technology Subcommittee of the Board s Risk Management Committee held 4 meetings during 2025. The independent directors meet in executive session (without the CEO or any other member of management present) at the end of most regularly scheduled Board meetings and may also meet in executive session at any other time. The Lead Independent Director presides over these executive sessions. During each committee meeting, the committees have the opportunity to hold executive sessions without members of management present. The Board of Directors held 9 meetings during 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the total meetings of the Board and Board committees on which he or she served during the year. The average attendance rate of all directors at Board and Board committee meetings in 2025 was 99%. Directors are expected to attend all meetings of shareholders. All directors serving at the time attended the 2025 annual meeting. Committee responsibilities The charter of each of our standing committees fully describes that committee s responsibilities. These charters can be found on our website at usbank.com by clicking on About us , Investor relations , Corporate Governance and then Board committees. The following summary highlights the committees key areas of oversight. Committee Primary responsibilities and membership Audit Held 11 meetings during 2025 Assisting the Board of Directors in overseeing the quality and integrity of our financial statements and the adequacy and reliability of disclosures to shareholders and bank regulatory agencies, including matters related to accounting, financial reporting and internal controls and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; appointing, compensating, retaining and overseeing the qualifications, performance and independence of the company s independent registered public accounting firm; reviewing the effectiveness of systems that implement our company s ethics guidelines; and overseeing the internal audit function and approving the appointment, evaluation and compensation of the Chief Audit Executive. Current members : Baxter (Chair), Colberg, Ellison-Taylor and Gillani Audit committee financial experts : Baxter, Colberg, Ellison-Taylor and Gillani 24 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Committee Primary responsibilities and membership Compensation and Human Resources Held 6 meetings during 2025 Discharging the Board s responsibilities relating to our compensation programs and employee benefit plans, including reviewing and approving our executive officers compensation; overseeing our human capital strategy and talent management program, including recruitment, evaluations, development activities, and management succession planning; recommending to the Board for approval all equity-based incentive plans; recommending to the independent directors for approval the compensation program for our non-employee directors; overseeing any policy concerning the recovery or clawback of compensation; in exercising its oversight responsibilities relating to risks arising from the company s incentive compensation plans and programs, evaluating and discussing with the appropriate officers of our company the incentives for risk taking contained in our incentive compensation plans and programs and satisfying itself that they are consistent with the safety and soundness of our company and with applicable law, regulation and guidance; and evaluating the CEO s performance in light of approved goals and objectives and overseeing succession planning for executive officers other than our CEO. Current members : Hernandez (Chair)*, Baxter, Buse* and McKenney* * Mr. Hernandez became chair on April 15, 2025. Ms. Buse and Mr. McKenney joined the committee on April 15, 2025. Governance Held 5 meetings during 2025 Discharging the Board s responsibilities relating to corporate governance matters, including developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines; evaluating and making recommendations to the Board with respect to the size, composition and leadership of the Board and its committees, including identifying and recommending to the Board individuals qualified to become directors; overseeing succession planning for our CEO; evaluating related person transactions; conducting an annual performance evaluation of the Board, its committees and its members; overseeing our engagement with shareholders and other interested parties concerning corporate governance, corporate responsibility and sustainability matters, and related disclosures; making recommendations to the Board regarding any shareholder proposals; overseeing the design and implementation of the company s strategy related to corporate responsibility matters and integration of those matters into the company s business strategy; reviewing the company s community reinvestment activities and performance; and reviewing policies and procedures for corporate political contributions. Current members : McKenney (Chair)*, Colberg*, Hernandez and Wiehoff* * Mr. McKenney became chair on March 24, 2025. Messrs. Colberg and Wiehoff joined the committee on April 15, 2025. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Committee Primary responsibilities and membership Risk Management Held 9 meetings during 2025 Overseeing our overall risk management function, which governs the management of key risks faced by the company, including capital, credit, interest rate, liquidity, market, operational, compliance, strategic and reputation risk; reviewing and approving our company s Risk Management Framework and Risk Appetite Statement; monitoring our company s risk profile relative to its risk appetite and compliance with risk limits; reviewing management reports on regulatory examination results and management s actions and timing to remediate issues and reviewing summary and trending reports on open audit, second and first line self-identified issues; receiving updates, as necessary and appropriate, from management on emerging risks and other risk focus topics; approving the appointment, evaluation and compensation of the Chief Risk Officer; overseeing the capital planning and capital management processes and actions, including stress testing processes, scenarios and results and proposed capital actions; reviewing the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review submission to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; monitoring our company s capital adequacy; reviewing our company s recovery and resolution planning activities and related plans and, if triggered, approving our recovery strategy; reviewing and approving the issuance or repurchase of equity or debt securities and other significant financial transactions entered into as part of our company s capital management strategy; and reviewing and evaluating significant capital expenditures and potential mergers and acquisitions. Current members: Wiehoff (Chair), Bridges, Buse, Cecere, Gillani, Mehdi and Reynolds Technology The Technology Committee was formed on January 1, 2026 and did not hold any meetings during 2025 Overseeing the company s technology strategy and operations and related cybersecurity technology strategy, including the implementation of major technology initiatives and investments supporting the Company s strategic objectives; reviewing the company s technology modernization and transformation, including architecture, technology infrastructure, data strategy and related advances in cybersecurity; reviewing the company s strategies relating to the adoption of artificial intelligence and emerging financial solutions and technologies (which may include distributed ledgers and cryptocurrency); and reviewing reports from management on relevant technology performance metrics. Current members*: Mehdi (Chair), Bridges, Ellison-Taylor and Reynolds * All members joined the committee on January 1, 2026. Executive Held 0 meetings during 2025 The Executive Committee does not meet regularly but has authority to exercise all powers of the Board of Directors, as necessary and as permitted by law and our bylaws, between regularly scheduled Board meetings. Current members : Cecere (Chair), Baxter, Hernandez, Kedia, McKenney*, Mehdi* and Wiehoff * Mr. McKenney joined the committee on April 15, 2025. Mr. Mehdi joined the committee on January 1, 2026. 26 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Committee member qualifications All of the Audit Committee members meet the independence and experience requirements of the NYSE and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). As part of those requirements, our Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate. All of the members of the Compensation and Human Resources, Governance, and Technology Committees also meet the independence requirements of the NYSE, including, with respect to the Compensation and Human Resources Committee members, the NYSE s independence requirements specific to members of compensation committees. A substantial majority of the members of the Risk Management Committee, including its chair, are independent. The Audit Committee charter generally prohibits Audit Committee members from serving on more than two other public company audit committees. Currently, no Audit Committee member exceeds this limitation. At all times, one or more members of our Audit Committee possess the education or experience required to qualify as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC, and one or more members of our Risk Management Committee have experience identifying, assessing and managing the risk exposures of large, complex financial firms, in accordance with rules promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board. Compensation Committee interlocks and insider participation Warner L. Baxter, Elizabeth L. Buse, Kimberly J. Harris, Roland A. Hernandez, Richard P. McKenney and Scott W. Wine served as members of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee during 2025. During 2025, no member of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee was an employee, officer, or former officer of the company. None of our executive officers served in 2025 on the board of directors or compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any entity that had an executive officer serving as a member of our Board or the Compensation and Human Resources Committee. As described under the Related person transactions section of this proxy statement, in 2025, some Compensation and Human Resources Committee members had transactions in the ordinary course of business with our banking and broker-dealer subsidiaries. Majority vote standard for election of directors Our bylaws provide that in uncontested elections, a nominee for director will be elected to the Board if the number of votes cast FOR the nominee s election exceeds the number of votes cast AGAINST that nominee s election (votes to ABSTAIN have no effect on the election of a director). The voting standard for directors in a contested election is a plurality of the votes cast at the meeting. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that director nominees must submit a contingent resignation in writing to the Governance Committee, which becomes effective if the director fails to receive a sufficient number of votes for re-election at the annual meeting of shareholders and the Board accepts the resignation. The Board will nominate for election or re-election as a director only candidates who have tendered such a contingent resignation. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines further provide that if an incumbent director fails to receive the required vote for re-election, our Governance Committee will act within 90 days after certification of the shareholder vote to determine whether to accept the director s resignation, and will submit a recommendation for prompt consideration by the Board. The Board expects the director whose resignation is under consideration to abstain from participating in any decision regarding his or her resignation. The Governance Committee and the Board may consider any factors they deem relevant in deciding whether to accept a director s resignation. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Board performance evaluations Our Board continually seeks to improve its performance. Our Governance Committee conducts an annual assessment of the Board s performance to determine whether the Board, its committees and its members are functioning effectively and to identify areas for growth and improvement. We believe that our formal annual evaluation process contributes to the overall functioning and ongoing effectiveness of our Board. The annual process is as follows: 28 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Based on director feedback received through this annual evaluation process and other channels, including feedback provided by directors at meetings, management has expanded agenda time for CEO sessions held with the Board of Directors, enhanced and streamlined management reporting to focus on the most important updates and issues, refined performance and risk appetite measures to enable the Board to more effectively monitor the company s strategic initiatives and risk profile, brought third-party experts to engage with the Board on key topics relevant to the economic environment and financial services industry, and augmented reporting on emerging business and risk topics such as digital assets and artificial intelligence. In addition, the Governance Committee has received information about the skills and qualifications desirable for any future director search, information the Board would like to discuss as part of its annual strategy session and ongoing updates on the company s business and strategy, and topics for discussion at future Board meetings and Board education sessions. Director feedback has also led to discussion of how to appropriately balance oversight responsibility for critical matters affecting our company among the Board and its committees, as reflected in the Board s decision to augment its oversight of the company s technology strategy, modernization and transformation through the formation of a new Technology Committee while maintaining the Risk Management Committee s focus on all of the key risks facing the company, including technology risk, cybersecurity risk and resiliency. Director orientation and onboarding We conduct a comprehensive director onboarding program that is individually tailored to take into account a director s prior experience and background. New directors receive an orientation to the company and the Board that includes comprehensive background briefings by the Chief Executive Officer, other members of senior management, and the Corporate Secretary. New director orientation covers a review of the company s business lines, enterprise functions, risk management and compliance, strategy, financial statement and related matters, regulatory matters, internal and external audit matters, corporate governance, cybersecurity, technology and operations initiatives, and key policies and practices (including the company s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct), as well as the role and responsibilities of a director. New director onboarding and orientation may occur over the course of several months and continues to be enhanced based on best practices and director feedback. The onboarding program is regularly updated based on director feedback to facilitate integration of new directors on the Board. Director education Continuing director education is an important element of maintaining a strong Board of Directors. It is important for our directors to continually receive additional information and training that will help them to effectively oversee the management of our company. We have implemented a robust director education program that begins with in-depth training covering our industry and each of our lines of business, and that continues with special education sessions throughout the year that highlight current business, industry, regulatory and governance topics presented by internal and external experts. Separate Board education sessions held in 2025 focused on business, strategy, artificial intelligence, payments business, and digital assets topics in addition to outside perspectives on the banking industry and the regulatory landscape. These education sessions are in addition to any education components of regular updates on business line performance and key and emerging topics provided to the Board and each of its committees throughout the year. Directors are also encouraged to attend continuing training sessions offered by outside providers on topics related to general corporate governance as well as specialized areas in risk management, audit, compensation and other matters, at the company s expense. Management makes information available to all directors on a quarterly basis about upcoming external director education programs. Ethics and conduct We are deeply committed to maintaining the highest standards of ethical conduct that reflect our purpose and core values, and which allow us to build trust with our customers and the communities we serve. In recognition of that commitment, for the eleventh consecutive year, we were recognized as one of the World s Most Ethical Companies in 2025 by the Ethisphere Institute. Our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which is available on our website at usbank.com by clicking on About us , Investor relations , Corporate Governance and then Governance documents , outlines the responsibilities of every employee and director to our customers and business partners, our shareholders, our community and each other. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Succession planning and management development A primary responsibility of the Board is planning for CEO succession, as well as overseeing succession planning for other senior management positions, to ensure that we have the right executive management talent to pursue our strategic goals. The Board s process targets the building of enhanced management depth and skills, considers continuity and stability within our company, and responds to our company s evolving needs and changing circumstances. To achieve these goals, the executive talent development and succession planning process is integrated into the Board s annual activities. The Governance Committee has established a CEO succession planning process that considers the experience, leadership capabilities, skills and attributes that the Board believes are most critical to leadership of the company in light of our business strategy, and includes ongoing targeted executive development actions and evaluation of a number of potential internal and external successor candidates, while addressing emergency, temporary scenarios as well as long-term succession. The CEO makes available to the Board his or her recommendations and evaluations of potential internal successors, along with a review of any executive development plans recommended for those individuals. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee is responsible for reviewing succession planning at least annually for executive officer positions other than the CEO. Those succession plans are discussed with the Board on an annual basis. In light of the recent CEO transition during 2025, a key focus of the Board s succession planning process in 2025 was consideration of emergency CEO succession planning in addition to ongoing executive development efforts. The Board also has opportunities to receive presentations from members of senior management leading various business units or enabling functions at Board meetings as well as strategy and education sessions. These interactions provide Board members the ability to meet with, and assess the leadership capabilities and development plans for, those senior leaders as necessary from time to time. Shareholder engagement We value the views of our investors and welcome feedback from them. Our standard engagement practice is to initiate conversations with our largest investors each fall. In the fall of 2025, we reached out to our top 50 and certain other institutional investors and invited them to provide us feedback on corporate governance, executive compensation and other disclosure matters, and any other topics they wished to discuss. We also engage throughout the year with additional shareholders, including at their request, outside of our fall outreach effort. Contacted our top 50 institutional investors as part of our fall outreach program (~60% of shares outstanding) Held engagement calls with 18 institutional investors during fall 2025 (~29% of shares outstanding) Engaged with additional investors who contacted us directly to engage on specific topics of interest Management shares the feedback received from shareholders with the Governance Committee, and feedback that relates to matters that are specifically overseen by a different Board committee are also provided to those committees. As part of our 2025 engagement process, we sought feedback from investors on Board composition and priority skills, the CEO succession and transition during 2025, the Board s independent leadership structure, and considerations for the company s executive compensation program such as the PRSU design and metric changes implemented in 2025, and shared feedback with the Board s Compensation and Human Resources Committee and Governance Committee. The committees take the views expressed by our shareholders into consideration when making decisions. Management also considers shareholder feedback about disclosure practices when preparing our company s public filings. These engagements are in addition to those coordinated by our Investor Relations team. For more information about our company, please see our 2025 Annual Report and Corporate Responsibility report at ir.usbank.com/financials/annual-reports * Links to additional reports and information are provided for informational purposes only. None of the information contained in any website linked above shall be deemed to form a part of, or to be incorporated by reference into, this proxy statement. 30 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Risk oversight by the Board of Directors Board-level oversight of risk management structure As part of its responsibility to oversee the management, business and strategy of our company, the Board of Directors has approved a risk management framework which establishes governance and risk management requirements for all risk-taking activities. This framework includes company and business line risk appetite statements which set boundaries for the types and amount of risk that may be undertaken in pursuing business objectives and initiatives. The Board of Directors, primarily through its Risk Management Committee, oversees performance relative to the risk management framework, risk appetite statements, and other policy requirements. Management regularly provides reports to the Risk Management Committee which discusses with management the Company s risk management performance and provides a summary of key risks to the entire Board of Directors. The Risk Management Committee considers quarterly reports by management assessing the company s performance relative to the risk appetite statements and the associated risk limits. While management is responsible for identifying the various risks facing our company, formulating risk management policies and procedures, and managing risk exposures on a day-to-day basis, the Board s responsibility is to oversee our company s risk management processes by informing itself about our material risks and evaluating whether management has reasonable risk management and control processes in place to address those material risks. The Board s risk oversight responsibility is primarily carried out through its standing committees, as follows: The Risk Management and Audit Committees meet annually in joint session to give each committee the opportunity to review and discuss areas of common oversight between the committees, and all Board members attend this meeting to benefit from the discussion. Beginning in 2026, the Risk Management, Audit and Technology Committees will meet jointly. Finally, at each meeting of the full Board of Directors, each committee gives a detailed report of the matters it discussed and conclusions it reached during its recent meetings. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Management-level risk structure underlying Board oversight Each Board committee carries out its risk management responsibilities using reports from management containing information relevant to the risk areas under that committee s oversight. The committees must therefore be confident that an appropriate risk monitoring structure is in place at the management level in order to be provided accurate and useful informational reports. The management-level risk oversight structure is robust. Our company relies on comprehensive risk management processes to identify, aggregate and measure, manage, and monitor risks. This system enables the Board of Directors to establish a mutual understanding with management of the effectiveness of our company s risk management practices and capabilities, to review our company s risk exposure and to elevate certain key risks for discussion at the Board level. A framework exists to account for the introduction of emerging risks or any increase in risks routinely taken, which would either be largely controlled by the risk limits in place or identified through the frequent risk reporting that occurs throughout our company. The Executive Risk Committee , which is chaired by our Chief Risk Officer and includes the CEO and other members of the executive management team, oversees execution against the risk management framework and risk appetite statements. The Executive Risk Committee generally meets at least monthly. The Executive Risk Committee focuses on current and emerging risks, including strategic risk, by directing timely and comprehensive actions. Senior operating committees have also been established, each overseeing a specified category of risk. The company s Board and management-level governance committees are supported by a three lines of defense model for establishing effective checks and balances. The first line of defense, the business lines, manages risks in conformity with established limits and policy requirements. In turn, business line leaders and their risk officers establish programs to ensure conformity with these limits and policy requirements. The second line of defense, which includes the Chief Risk Officer s organization as well as policy and oversight activities of corporate support functions, translates risk appetite and strategy into actionable risk limits and policies. The second line of defense monitors the first line of defense conformity with limits and policies and provides reporting and escalation of emerging risks and other concerns to senior management and the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors. The third line of defense, internal audit, is responsible for providing the Board s Audit Committee and senior management with independent assessment and assurance regarding the effectiveness of our company s governance, risk management and control processes. 32 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate governance Focus on cybersecurity and technology risks The Board is very focused on the risks that cybersecurity threats and technology pose to our company as a major financial services institution. The Board has established a comprehensive oversight framework to address those increasing and emerging risks: Cybersecurity and technology risks the Board s Risk Management Committee includes directors with technology, cybersecurity and information security experience, and provides primary oversight of cybersecurity risk, technology risk and resiliency; the Risk Management Committee receives regular reports from management on cybersecurity risk and issues and maintains primary oversight of risks arising from the related areas of data privacy and information security; the Risk Management Committee receives regular reports from management on operational risks, including technology risk and resiliency, and the results of periodic crisis and resiliency exercises conducted by management; the Risk Management Committee receives quarterly reports from our Chief Information Security Officer(s) on the cybersecurity threats facing our company and our company s preparedness to meet and respond to those threats; the full Board holds periodic cybersecurity educational sessions, which feature the perspective of an outside expert on current cybersecurity topics, complemented by special presentations from our company s information security and risk management functions; and the Cybersecurity and Technology Subcommittee also received more focused updates from management beginning in 2024 relating to the company s Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Center of Excellence and the company s governance and risk management oversight for such technologies and trends. Technology strategy and emerging technologies (including artificial intelligence) the Board has continued to adapt and augment its oversight of the company s technology strategy and emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence, through additional management reporting on key focus topics and changes to its Board committee structure and committee oversight responsibilities; in October 2023, the Board previously expanded the oversight responsibilities of the former Cybersecurity and Technology Subcommittee of the Risk Management Committee to include oversight of the company technology strategy and operations and significant technology initiatives; in October 2025, recognizing the ongoing transformation of the banking industry and the importance of technology, including emerging financial solutions (e.g., digital assets) and technologies such as AI, to the company s strategy, the Board created a new Board-level Technology Committee, effective January 1, 2026, to oversee the company s technology strategy, modernization and transformation, also with a focus on the company s cybersecurity technology strategy; and the full Board also continues to receive periodic management reports on the company s approach with respect to the adoption of emerging technologies, which during 2025 include reports on the company s adoption and governance of the use of AI and digital currencies such as stablecoins. For additional information on our cybersecurity risk management and governance, see Item 1C. Cybersecurity of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Certain relationships and related transactions Certain relationships and related transactions Review of related person transactions The Board has adopted a written Related Person Transactions Policy for the review, evaluation and approval or ratification of transactions between our company and its related persons. Related persons under this policy include our directors, director nominees, executive officers, holders of more than 5% of our common stock, and their respective immediate family members. Immediate family members include children, stepchildren, parents, stepparents, spouses, siblings, mothers- and fathers-in-law, sons- and daughters-in-law, brothers- and sisters-in-law, and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the person s household. Except as described below, the policy requires the Governance Committee of the Board to review and evaluate and either approve or disapprove all transactions or series of transactions in which: the amount involved will, or may be expected to, exceed $120,000 in any fiscal year; our company is or will be a participant; and a related person has a direct or indirect interest. The Board has determined that the Governance Committee does not need to review or approve certain transactions even if the amount involved will exceed $120,000, including the following transactions: lending and other financial services transactions or relationships that are in the ordinary course of business and non-preferential, and comply with applicable laws; transactions in which the related person s interest derives solely from his or her services as a director of, and/or his or her ownership of less than ten percent of the equity interest (other than a general partner interest) in, another corporation or organization that is a party to the transaction; transactions in which the related person s interest derives solely from his or her ownership of a class of equity securities of our company and all holders of that class of equity securities received the same benefit on a pro rata basis; transactions where the rates or charges involved are determined by competitive bids, or that involve the rendering of services as a common or contract carrier, or public utility, at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority; and employment and compensation arrangements for any executive officer and compensation arrangements for any director, provided that such arrangements have been approved by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee. When considering whether to approve or ratify a transaction, the Governance Committee will consider facts and circumstances that it deems relevant to its determination, including: the nature and extent of the related person s interest in the transaction; whether the transaction is on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with persons not affiliated with our company; the materiality of the transaction to each party; whether our company s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct could be implicated, including whether the transaction would create a conflict of interest or appearance of a conflict of interest; whether the transaction is in the best interest of our company; and in the case of a non-employee director, whether the transaction would impair his or her independence. No director is allowed to participate in the deliberations or vote on the approval or ratification of a transaction if that director is a related person with respect to the transaction under review. On an annual basis, the Governance Committee assesses all ongoing relationships with related persons to confirm that the transactions are still appropriate. 34 U.S. Bancorp 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Certain relationships and related transactions Related person transactions Lending and other financial services transactions During 2025, U.S. Bancorp and our banking and broker-dealer subsidiaries engaged in transactions in the ordinary course of business with some of our directors, executive officers and the persons that we know beneficially owned more than 5% of our common stock on December 31, 2025 (BlackRock, Inc. and The Vanguard Group), and the entities with which they are associated. In the ordinary course of business, we purchased investment management technology products and advisory services from BlackRock and its affiliates. We and our customers also may invest in mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other products affiliated with BlackRock and Vanguard, and we and such firms may receive fees in connection with those investments. All loans and loan commitments and any transactions involving other financial products and services in connection with these transactions were made in the ordinary course of business, on substantially the same terms, including current interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with others not related to our banking and broker-dealer subsidiaries and did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features. Transactions with entities or individuals affiliated with directors or executive officers Our director Yusuf I. Mehdi currently serves as Executive Vice President, Consumer Chief Marketing Officer, at Microsoft Corporation. The company obtains services in the ordinary course of business from Microsoft, including desktop software, server and cloud enrollment, and support and development of products. During 2025, the company paid approximately $75 million to Microsoft for those services. In addition, we entered into a 6-year cloud computing services agreement and related implementation and migration contract with Microsoft in 2021, with expected aggregate payments over the term of the cloud services relationship of $200 million to $300 million. The aggregate payments made by the company in 2025 for all of these products and services were less than 2% of each of our company s and Microsoft s 2025 consolidated gross revenue. These transactions were conducted at arm s length and in the ordinary course of business by each party to the transactions. As discussed above under the heading Director independence, the Board of Directors has determined that the amounts involved in the transactions between U.S. Bancorp and Microsoft are immaterial to Microsoft s gross revenues, and that the relationships had no unique characteristics that could influence Mr. Mehdi s impartial judgment, and that Mr. Mehdi is an independent director. U.S. Bancorp and Gunjan Kedia are parties to an aircraft time-sharing agreement and a charter flight reimbursement agreement, as approved by our Compensation and Human Resources Committee in April 2025. These agreements provide a means under Federal Aviation Administration regulations for Ms. Kedia to reimburse the company for incremental costs of permitted personal travel on our company s aircraft. Given such aircraft usage could exceed the dollar thres