=== COST_2025-10-08.htm.gz ===
Item 1A-Risk Factors , and other factors noted in the section titled Item 7-Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of this Report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements, except as required by law. PART I Item 1 Business Costco Wholesale Corporation and its subsidiaries (Costco or the Company) began operations in 1983, in Seattle, Washington. We are principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses in the United States (U.S.) and Puerto Rico, Canada, Mexico, Japan, the United Kingdom (U.K.), Korea, Australia, Taiwan, China, Spain, France, Sweden, Iceland, and New Zealand. Costco operated 914, 890, and 861 warehouses worldwide at August 31, 2025, September 1, 2024, and September 3, 2023. The Company operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the U.K., Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and Australia. Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, under the symbol COST. We report on a 52/53-week fiscal year, consisting of thirteen four-week periods and ending on the Sunday nearest the end of August. The first three quarters consist of three periods each, and the fourth quarter consists of four periods (five weeks in the thirteenth period in a 53-week year). The material seasonal impact in our operations is increased net sales and earnings during the winter holiday season. References to 2025 and 2024 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 31, 2025, and September 1, 2024. References to 2023 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2023. General We operate membership warehouses and e-commerce sites based on the concept that offering low prices on a limited selection of nationally-branded and private-label products in a wide range of categories will produce high sales volumes and rapid inventory turnover. When combined with the operating efficiencies achieved by volume purchasing, efficient distribution and reduced handling of merchandise in no-frills, self-service warehouse facilities, these volumes and turnover enable us to operate profitably at significantly lower gross margins (net sales less merchandise costs) than most other retailers. We often sell inventory before we are required to pay for it, even while taking advantage of early payment discounts. We buy most of our merchandise directly from suppliers and route it to cross-docking consolidation points (depots) or directly to our warehouses. Our depots receive large shipments from suppliers and quickly ship these goods to warehouses. This process creates freight volume and handling efficiencies, lowering 3 Table of Contents costs associated with traditional multiple-step distribution channels. Our e-commerce operations ship merchandise through our depots and logistics operations, as well as through drop-ship and other delivery arrangements with our suppliers. Our average warehouse space is approximately 147,000 square feet, with newer units being slightly larger. Floor plans are designed for efficiency in the use of selling space, the handling of merchandise, and the control of inventory. Because shoppers are attracted principally by the quality of merchandise and low prices, our warehouses are not elaborate. By strictly controlling the entrances and exits and using a membership format, we believe our inventory losses (shrinkage) are well below those of typical retail operations. Our operating hours are shorter than many other retailers, and due to other efficiencies inherent in a warehouse club operation, we believe labor costs are lower relative to the volume of sales. In the U.S., we recently added exclusive shopping hours for our Executive members and our gasoline operations generally have extended hours. Merchandise is generally stored on racks above the sales floor and displayed on pallets containing large quantities, reducing labor required. In general, with variations by country, our warehouses accept certain credit cards, including Costco co-branded cards, debit cards, cash and checks, Executive member 2% reward certificates, co-brand cardholder rebates, and our proprietary stored-value card (shop card). Our strategy is to provide our members with a broad range of high-quality merchandise at prices we believe are consistently lower than elsewhere. We seek to limit most items to fast-selling models, sizes, and colors. We carry less than 4,000 active stock keeping units (SKUs) per warehouse in our core warehouse business, significantly less than other broadline retailers. We average from 9,000 to 10,000 SKUs online, some of which are available in our warehouses. Many consumable products are offered for sale in case, carton, or multiple-pack quantities only. To promote member satisfaction, we generally accept returns of merchandise. On certain electronic items, we have a 90-day return policy and provide, free of charge, technical support services, as well as an extended warranty. Additional third-party warranty coverage is sold on certain electronic items and major appliances. We offer merchandise and services in the following categories: Core Merchandise Categories: Foods and Sundries (including sundries, dry grocery, candy, cooler, freezer, liquor, and tobacco) Non-Foods (including major appliances, small electronics, health and beauty aids, hardware, lawn and garden, sporting goods, tires, toys and seasonal, automotive, stamps, tickets, apparel, furniture, domestics, housewares, special order kiosk, and jewelry) Fresh Foods (including meat, produce, deli, and bakery) Warehouse Ancillary (includes gasoline, pharmacy, optical, food court, hearing aids, and tire installation) Other Businesses (includes e-commerce, business centers, travel, and other) Warehouse ancillary operate primarily within, next to or near our warehouses, encouraging more frequent shopping. The number of warehouses with gas stations varies significantly by country. We operated 747 gas stations at the end of 2025. Our gasoline business represented approximately 10% of total net sales in 2025. Our other businesses sell products and services that largely complement our warehouse operations. Our e-commerce operations give members convenience and a broader selection of goods and services. Net sales for e-commerce represented approximately 7% of total net sales in 2025. Digitally-enabled sales, 4 Table of Contents which represents sales delivered to members that are initiated through a digital device, whether fulfilled through a warehouse or distribution center, as well as Costco Travel, represented approximately 10% of total net sales in 2025. Our business centers carry items tailored for food services, convenience stores and offices and offer walk-in shopping and deliveries. Business centers are included in our total warehouse count. Costco Travel offers vacation packages, car rentals, cruises and other travel products exclusively for Costco members (offered to varying degrees in the U.S., Canada, Australia, and the U.K.). We have direct relationships with many producers of brand-name merchandise. We do not obtain a significant portion of merchandise from any one supplier. When sources of supply become unavailable, we seek alternative sources or items. For future product supply need, we pursue diversification in our supply-chain and seek to expand in-country production. We also purchase and manufacture private-label merchandise, as long as quality and member demand are high and the value to our members is significant. Certain financial information for our segments and geographic areas is included in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. Membership Our members may utilize their memberships at all of our warehouses and e-commerce sites. Gold Star memberships are available to individuals; Business memberships are limited to businesses, including individuals with a business license or comparable document. Business members may add additional cardholders (affiliates), to which the same annual fee applies. Affiliates are not available for Gold Star members. Our annual fee for these memberships is $65 in the U.S. and varies in other countries. All paid memberships include a free household card. Paid members (except affiliates) are eligible to upgrade to an Executive membership in the U.S., for an additional annual fee of $65. Executive memberships are also available in Canada, Mexico, the U.K., Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and Australia, for which the additional fee varies. Executive members earn a 2% reward on qualified purchases (generally up to a maximum reward of $1,250 per year), redeemable at Costco warehouses. The sales penetration of Executive members represented approximately 73.6% of worldwide net sales in 2025. Membership at the end of 2025, 2024, and 2023 was made up of the following (in thousands): 2025 2024 2023 Gold Star 68,300 63,700 58,800 Business, including affiliates 12,700 12,500 12,200 Total paid members 1 81,000 76,200 71,000 Household cards 64,200 60,600 56,900 Total cardholders 145,200 136,800 127,900 _______________ (1) Executive members represented 38,700, 35,400, and 32,300 of total paid members in 2025, 2024, and 2023. These membership counts include active memberships as well as memberships that have expired and not renewed within the 12 months prior to the reporting date. These expired memberships make up a small percentage of these membership counts, and many of them are subsequently renewed. Our member renewal rate was 92.3% in the U.S. and Canada and 89.8% worldwide at the end of 2025. That rate, which excludes affiliates of Business members, is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date. Memberships that have an expiration date in the six months prior to the end of our reporting period are excluded from this calculation, regardless of whether or not they have been renewed. Although most members renew prior to expiration, the vast majority of those who renew late do so within six months of expiration. The timing of 5 Table of Contents renewal after expiration is impacted by a variety of factors, such as warehouse openings and promotional activity. Human Capital Take Care of Our Employees, is a key component of our code of ethics and is fundamental to our commitment to Take Care of Our Members. Compensation and benefits for employees is our largest expense after the cost of merchandise and is carefully monitored. Employee Base At the end of 2025, we employed 341,000 employees worldwide. Approximately 95% are employed in our membership warehouses and distribution channels. Around 5% are represented by unions. We also utilize seasonal employees. The total number of employees by segment was: 2025 2024 2023 United States 223,000 219,000 208,000 Canada 55,000 53,000 51,000 Other International 63,000 61,000 57,000 Total employees 341,000 333,000 316,000 Growth and Engagement We believe that our warehouses are among the most productive in the retail industry, owing largely to the commitment and efficiency of our employees. We seek to provide them not merely with employment but careers. Many attributes of our business contribute to the objective. The more significant include: competitive compensation and benefits; a commitment to employee development and promoting from within; and a target ratio of at least 50% of our base being full-time employees. These attributes contribute to what we consider, especially for the industry, a high retention rate. In 2025, in the U.S. and Canada that rate was approximately 94% for employees who have been with us for at least one year. Inclusion The commitment to Take Care of Our Employees includes promoting an inclusive and respectful workplace. We strive for an environment where all employees feel that they belong, are accepted, included, respected and supported. We demonstrate leadership commitment to inclusion through consistent communication, employee development and education, support of diversity and inclusion initiatives within the organization, community involvement, and supplier inclusion. Listening to our employees is one of the ways Costco takes care of its workforce. In 2025, we hosted the Costco Connects meetings, its second annual Costco Connects campaign. These open listening sessions are an invitation for employees to talk about what is on their minds and what is impacting them both personally and professionally. This allows Costco leaders to engage with their employees on a deeper level and for employees to build connections with each other. This year we had approximately 200,000 employees participate globally. Costco continues its efforts to develop future leaders, including through our supervisor in training (SIT) programs in the U.S. and Canada. In 2025, approximately 7,500 hourly employees completed the 6-week course. Well Being We strive to provide our employees with competitive wages and excellent benefits. In March 2025, we increased the starting wage by $0.50 an hour to at least $20.00 for all entry-level positions in the U.S. and Canada. We also increased the top of wage scales by $1.00 per hour, bringing our average hourly rate at the end of 2025 for hourly employees in the U.S. to approximately $32.00 per hour. We continue to offer 6 Table of Contents expansive benefits in the U.S. that provide physical, emotional, mental, and financial well-being support for employees and their dependents at low cost to our employees. For more detailed information regarding our programs and initiatives, see Employees within our Sustainability Commitment (located on our website). The Sustainability Commitment and other information on our website are not incorporated by reference into and do not form any part of this Annual Report. Competition Our industry is highly competitive, based on factors such as price, merchandise quality and selection, location, convenience, distribution strategy, and customer service. We compete on a worldwide basis with global, national, and regional wholesalers and retailers, including supermarkets, supercenters, online retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores, and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. Walmart, Target, Kroger, and Amazon are among our significant general merchandise retail competitors in the U.S. We also compete with other warehouse clubs, including Walmart s Sam s Club and BJ s Wholesale Club in the U.S. Many of the metropolitan areas in the U.S. and certain of our Other International locations have multiple competing clubs. Intellectual Property We believe that, to varying degrees, our trademarks, trade names, copyrights, proprietary processes, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names and similar intellectual property add significant value to our business and are important to our success. We have invested significantly in the development and protection of our well-recognized brands, including the Costco Wholesale trademarks and our private-label brand, Kirkland Signature. We believe that Kirkland Signature products are high quality, offered at prices that are generally lower than national brands, and help lower costs, differentiate our merchandise offerings, and generally earn higher margins. We expect to continue to increase the sales penetration of our private-label items. We rely on trademark and copyright laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality, license and other agreements with our suppliers, employees and others to protect our intellectual property. The availability and duration of trademark registrations vary by country; however, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and registrations are maintained. Available Information Our U.S. website is www.costco.com. We make available through the Investor Relations section of that site, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such materials with or furnishing such documents to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains a site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, such as the Company, that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We have a code of ethics for senior financial officers, pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Copies of the code are available free of charge by writing to Secretary, Costco Wholesale Corporation, 999 Lake Drive, Issaquah, WA 98027. If the Company makes any amendments to this code (other than technical, administrative, or non-substantive amendments) or grants any waivers, including implicit waivers, to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or principal accounting officer and controller, we will disclose (on our website or in a Form 8-K report filed with the SEC) the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date, and to whom it applies. 7 Table of Contents Information about our Executive Officers The executive officers of Costco, their position, and ages are listed below. Most officers have over 25 years of service with the Company. Name Position Executive Officer Since Age Ron M. Vachris President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Vachris has been a director since February 2022. Mr. Vachris was previously President and Chief Operating Officer from February 2022 to December 2023. He was Executive Vice President of Merchandising from June 2016 to January 2022, Senior Vice President, Real Estate Development, from August 2015 to June 2016, and Senior Vice President, General Manager, Northwest Region, from 2010 to July 2015. 2016 60 Gary Millerchip Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Millerchip previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Kroger Co. from April 2019 to February 2024 and, prior to that, as Chief Executive Officer of Kroger Personal Finance since July 2010. 2024 54 Russ Miller Senior Executive Vice President, U.S. Operations. Mr. Miller was Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Southwest Division and Mexico, from January 2018 to May 2022. Mr. Miller was Senior Vice President, Western Canada Region, from 2001 to January 2018. Mr. Miller will be retiring from the Company effective February 2026. 2018 68 Claudine Adamo Executive Vice President, Merchandising. Ms. Adamo was Senior Vice President, Non-Foods, from 2018 to February 2022, and Vice President, Non-Foods, from 2013 to 2018. 2022 55 Patrick Callans Executive Vice President, Administration. Mr. Callans was Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Risk Management, from 2013 to December 2018. 2019 63 Caton Frates Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Southwest Division. Mr. Frates was Senior Vice President, Los Angeles Region, from 2015 to May 2022. Mr. Frates will be appointed Senior Executive Vice President, Warehouse Operations - U.S. and Mexico, effective February 2026. 2022 57 Teresa Jones Executive Vice President, Global Depots and Traffic. Ms. Jones was Senior Vice President, Depot Operations from August 2022 to July 2024, and Vice President, Depot Operations, from 2018 to 2022. 2024 56 Jim C. Klauer Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Northern Division. Mr. Klauer was Senior Vice President, Non-Foods and E-commerce Merchandise, from 2013 to January 2018. 2018 63 Javier Polit Executive Vice President, Chief Information and Digital Officer. Mr. Polit previously served as Chief Information Officer for Mondelez International (formerly Kraft Foods) from 2022 to 2024. From 2017 to 2022, he was Chief Information Officer for The Procter Gamble Company. Prior to that role, he served as Group Chief Information Officer for The Coca-Cola Company from 2007 to 2017. 2023 61 Pierre Riel Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, International Division. Mr. Riel was Senior Vice President, Country Manager, Canada, from 2019 to March 2022, and Senior Vice President, Eastern Canada Region, from 2001 to 2019. 2022 62 Yoram Rubanenko Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Eastern Division. Mr. Rubanenko was Senior Vice President and General Manager, Southeast Region, from 2013 to September 2021, and Vice President, Regional Operations Manager for the Northeast Region, from 1998 to 2013. 2021 61 John Sullivan Executive Vice President, General Counsel Corporate Secretary. Mr. Sullivan has been General Counsel since 2016 and Corporate Secretary since 2010. 2021 65 W. Richard Wilcox Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Southwest Division. Mr. Wilcox was Senior Vice President, General Manager - San Diego Region from 2016 to October 2025. 2025 59 8 Table of Contents Item 1A Risk Factors The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. These Risk Factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with Management ' s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of this Report. Business and Operating Risks We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our U.S. and Canadian operations. Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our U.S. and Canadian operations, which comprised 86% and 84% of net sales and operating income in 2025. Within the U.S., we are highly dependent on our California operations, which comprised 26% of U.S. net sales in 2025. Our California market, in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other domestic markets. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Declines in financial performance of our U.S. operations, particularly in California, and our Canadian operations could arise from, among other things: slow growth or declines in comparable warehouse sales (comparable sales); negative trends in operating expenses, including increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets, including higher levels of unemployment and depressed home values; and failing to consistently provide high quality and innovative new products. We may be unsuccessful implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, and integrating acquisitions, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to acquire property and build or lease new warehouses and depots. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. Local land use and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouses and depots, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses or depots at specific sites and the adoption of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations, may impact our ability to find suitable locations and increase the cost of sites and of constructing, leasing and operating warehouses and depots. We also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. With continued growth in global demand for electricity and water stress in certain regions, we may have difficulty securing long-term utility contracts for new buildings or incur additional costs due to onsite generation and storage requirements. In addition, certain jurisdictions have enacted or proposed laws and regulations that would prevent or restrict the operation or expansion plans of certain large retailers and warehouse clubs, including us. Failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability. We seek to expand in existing markets to attain a greater overall market share. A new warehouse may draw members away from our existing warehouses and adversely affect their comparable sales performance, member traffic, and profitability. We intend to continue to open warehouses in new markets. Associated risks include difficulties in attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, attracting members of other wholesale club operators, our lesser familiarity with local member preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. Entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. We cannot ensure that new warehouses and new e-commerce sites will be profitable and future profitability could be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected. 9 Table of Contents We have made and may continue to make investments and acquisitions to improve the speed, accuracy and efficiency of our supply chains and delivery channels. The effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than opening new locations and might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return. Our failure to maintain membership growth, loyalty and brand recognition could adversely affect our results of operations. Membership loyalty and growth are essential to our business. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of Executive membership, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable sales, diminish member trust, and reduce renewal rates and, accordingly, net sales and membership fee revenue, negatively impacting our results of operations. We sell many products under our Kirkland Signature brand. Maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of these products is essential to developing and maintaining member loyalty. These products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products and represent a growing portion of our overall sales. If the Kirkland Signature brand experiences a loss of member acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected. Disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. We also rely upon processing, packaging, manufacturing and other facilities to support our business, which includes the production of certain private-label items. Although we believe that our operations are efficient, disruptions due to extreme weather, pandemics or other catastrophic events, labor issues, work stoppage, or other shipping problems may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to and the operation of our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members. Our e-commerce operations depend heavily on logistics providers, both internal and external, and are negatively affected when services are unable to be provided in a timely fashion. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer tastes and preferences, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. It is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services that our members will desire. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns including those related to resource efficiency, environmental protection, human rights, and the transition to a low-carbon economy could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. We sell a substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns and regulation about climate change. If we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns, or we may experience out-of-stock positions and delivery delays, which could result in higher costs, both of which would reduce our operating performance. This could have an adverse effect on net sales, gross margin and operating income. Availability and performance of our IT systems are vital to our business. Failure to successfully execute IT projects and have IT systems available to our business would adversely impact our operations. 10 Table of Contents IT systems play a crucial role in conducting our business. These systems are utilized to, among other things, process a very high volume of transactions, conduct payment transactions, track and value our inventory and produce reports critical for making business decisions. Failure or disruption of these systems could have an adverse impact on our ability to buy products and services from our suppliers, produce goods in our manufacturing plants, move products in an efficient manner to our warehouses, and sell products to our members. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong resiliency to lessen disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, viruses, internal or external security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents, errors by employees, extreme weather, and catastrophic events. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems, data centers and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations, including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise and failure to provide service to our members. We are currently making substantial investments in technology and IT projects, including maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. Failure to deliver IT projects efficiently and effectively could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Insufficient IT capacity could also impact our capacity for timely, complete and accurate financial and non-financial reporting required by law. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes and in compliance with increasing privacy and data protection regulations globally. Failure to do so could damage our business, including our reputation with members, suppliers and employees, cause us to incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation and regulatory action. Increased security threats and more sophisticated cyber misconduct pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. We rely upon IT systems and networks, some of which are managed by or belong to third parties, including suppliers, partners, vendors, and service providers. Additionally, we collect, store and process sensitive information relating to our business, members, employees, and other third parties. Operating these IT systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner, are critical to our business operations and strategy. Remote work has also expanded possible attack surfaces. Attempts to gain unauthorized access to systems, networks and data, both ours and third parties with whom we work, are increasing in frequency and sophistication, and in some cases, these attempts are successful. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crimes and advanced persistent threats. Phishing attacks have emerged as particularly prominent, including as vectors for ransomware attacks, which have increased in breadth and frequency. While we train our employees as part of our security efforts, that training cannot be completely effective. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. Our IT systems and networks, or those managed by third parties such as cloud providers or suppliers that otherwise host or have access to confidential information, periodically have vulnerabilities, which may go unnoticed for a period of time. Our logging capabilities, or the logging capabilities of third parties, are also not always complete or sufficiently detailed, affecting our ability to fully investigate and understand the scope of security events. While our cybersecurity and compliance efforts seek to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we and our third-party service providers have implemented and are implementing, will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property. The potential impacts of a cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems and operations, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, diminution in the value of our investment in IT systems and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. This could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition and, critically in light of our business model, loss of member confidence. Further, the insurance coverage we maintain and indemnification arrangements with third parties may be inadequate to cover claims, costs, and liabilities relating to 11 Table of Contents cybersecurity incidents. In addition, data we collect, store and process is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations (such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, California Consumer Privacy Act, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, and China's Personal Information Protection Act), evolving rules concerning artificial intelligence, and other privacy and cybersecurity laws and restrictions on use of member information that may also impair our ability to utilize data, consistent with member consents and preferences, which may carry significant potential penalties for noncompliance. We are subject to payment-related risks. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including select credit and debit cards, cash and checks, co-brand cardholder rebates, Executive member 2% reward certificates, and our shop card. As we offer new payment options to our members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. For certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees. We rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services for credit and debit cards and our shop card. It could disrupt our business if these parties become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are also subject to fee increases by these service providers. We must comply with evolving payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers. For example, we are subject to Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which contain compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. If our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept card payments from our members, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our failure to offer payment methods desired by our members could create a competitive disadvantage. We might sell products that cause illness or injury to our members, harm to our reputation, and expose us to litigation. If our merchandise, including food and prepared food products for human consumption, drugs, children ' s products, pet products and durable goods, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety or labeling standards or our members ' expectations, we could experience lost sales, increased costs, litigation or reputational harm. The sale of these items involves the risk of illness or injury to our members. Such illnesses or injuries could result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation phases, or faulty design. Our suppliers are generally contractually required to comply with product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with safety and other standards. While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and work to comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption or use of our products will not cause illness or injury or that we will not be subject to claims, lawsuits, or government investigations relating to such matters, resulting in costly product recalls and other liabilities that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and brand image, and these effects could be long-term. If we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant and comprehensive digital experience for our members, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. We must keep pace with changing member expectations and new developments by our competitors. Our members are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers, and other devices to shop and otherwise interact with us. We are making investments in our websites and mobile applications. If we are 12 Table of Contents unable to make, improve, or develop relevant member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Inability to attract, train and retain qualified employees could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends on the continued contributions of our employees, including members of our senior management and other key operations, IT, merchandising and administrative personnel. Failure to identify and implement a succession plan for senior management could negatively impact our business. We must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes, prevailing wage rates, union relations and healthcare and other insurance costs. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may incur property, casualty or other losses not covered by our insurance. Claims for employee health care benefits, workers compensation, general liability, property damage, directors and officers liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained for certain risks to limit exposures arising from very large losses. The types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. Significant claims or events, regulatory changes, a substantial rise in costs of health care or costs to maintain our insurance or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we maintain specific coverages for catastrophic property losses, we still bear a significant portion of the risk of losses incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the destruction of, any warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption. Such losses could materially impact our cash flows and results of operations. Market and Other External Risks We face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for members, employees, sites, products and services and in other important respects with a wide range of local, regional and national wholesalers and retailers, both in the United States and in foreign countries, including other warehouse-club operators, supermarkets, supercenters, online retailers, gasoline stations, pharmacies, hard discounters, department and specialty stores and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise or services. Such retailers and warehouse club operators compete vigorously and in a variety of ways, including pricing, selection and availability, services, location, convenience, store hours, and the attractiveness and ease of use of websites and mobile applications. The evolution of retailing in online and mobile channels has improved the ability of customers to comparison shop, which has enhanced competition. Some competitors have greater financial resources and technology capabilities, including the faster adoption of artificial intelligence, better access to merchandise, and greater market penetration than we do. Our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail markets or customer expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results. 13 Table of Contents General economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Higher energy and gasoline costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt levels, foreign-currency exchange rates, unsettled financial markets, weaknesses in housing and real estate markets, reduced consumer confidence, changes and uncertainties related to government fiscal, monetary and tax policies including changes in interest rates, tax rates, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions, sovereign debt crises, pandemics and other health crises, and other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services, require a change in product mix, or impact the cost of or ability to purchase inventory. Additionally, trade-related actions in various countries have affected the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs and policy changes. The impact to our net sales and gross margin is influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost increases. Higher tariffs could adversely impact our results. Prices of certain commodities, including gasoline and consumable goods used in manufacturing and our warehouse retail operations, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, inflationary pressures, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, taxes and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices and our ability and desire to pass them through to our members may affect our sales and profit margins. These factors could also increase our merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. General economic conditions can also be affected by events like the outbreak of hostilities or acts of terrorism. Inflationary factors such as increases in merchandise costs may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effect of cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand. Suppliers may be unable to timely supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices or may fail to adhere to our high standards, resulting in adverse effects on our business, merchandise inventories, sales, and profit margins. We depend heavily on our ability to purchase quality merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. As the quantities we require continue to grow, we have no assurances of continued supply, appropriate pricing or access to new products, and any supplier has the ability to change the terms upon which they sell to us or discontinue selling to us. Member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions causing a loss of sales and profits. We buy from numerous domestic and foreign suppliers and importers. Our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key suppliers could negatively affect us. We may not be able to develop relationships with new suppliers, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive. Because of our efforts to adhere to high-quality standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volumes we demand may not be consistently available. Our efforts to secure supply could lead to commitments that prove to be unsuccessful in the short and long-term. Our suppliers (and those they depend upon for materials and services) are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activities, human and animal rights violations, financial liquidity, climate change, natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, environmental degradation, public health emergencies, supply constraints and general economic and political conditions and other risks similar to those we face that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. One or more of our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, packaging, legal, regulatory, labor, human rights, environmental or animal welfare standards. These deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to our members. This 14 Table of Contents failure could lead to recalls and litigation and otherwise damage our reputation and our brands, increase costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business. Fluctuations in foreign-exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations. During 2025, our international operations, including Canada, generated 27% and 34% of our net sales and operating income. Our international operations have accounted for an increasing portion of our warehouses, and we plan to continue international growth. To prepare our consolidated financial statements, we translate the financial statements of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. Future fluctuations in exchange rates that are unfavorable to us may adversely affect the financial performance of our Canadian and Other International operations and have a corresponding adverse period-over-period effect on our results of operations. As we continue to expand internationally, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign-exchange rates may increase. A portion of the products we purchase is paid for in a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods are sold. Currency fluctuations may increase our merchandise costs and may not be passed on to members and thus may adversely affect our results of operations. Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, and other catastrophic events, including those impacted by climate change, such as extreme temperatures, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, earthquakes, wildfires, droughts; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; and energy shortages; particularly in California or Washington state, where our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to our properties or inventory, additional heating, cooling, and refrigeration costs, limitations on store operating hours, less frequent visits by members to physical locations, the temporary closure of warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, disruptions to our IT systems, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods to or from overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our warehouses or depots, delays in online merchandise delivery, the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses, and long-term disruption or threats to the habitability of key markets in which we operate. These events could also reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible to procure products. We may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Pandemics and other health crises could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in many respects. The emergence, severity, magnitude and duration of global or regional health crises are uncertain and difficult to predict. A pandemic could affect certain business operations, demand for our products and services, in-stock positions, costs of doing business, availability of labor, access to inventory, supply chain operations, our ability to predict future performance, exposure to litigation, and our financial performance, among other things. Other factors and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: The severity and duration of pandemics; Evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates, and recessionary pressures; Changes in labor markets affecting us and our suppliers; Unknown consequences on our business performance and initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time and other resources to the pandemic response; The pace of post-pandemic recovery; The long-term impact of the pandemic on our business, including consumer behaviors; and Disruption and volatility within the financial and credit markets. 15 Table of Contents Failure to meet financial market expectations could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock. We believe that the price of our stock currently reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. Any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our comparable sales growth rates, membership fee revenue, including new member sign-ups and renewal rates, gross margin, earnings, earnings per share, new warehouse openings, or dividend or stock repurchase policies could cause the price of our stock to decline. Legal and Regulatory Risks Changes in or failure to comply with laws and regulations could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to a wide and growing array of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations relating to (among other things), product and food safety, marketing, information security and privacy, labor and employment, imports and customs, transportation, intellectual property, anti-corruption, and environmental or social matters. These laws and regulations may expand mandatory reporting, increase the scope and complexity of matters that we are required to regulate, assess, and disclose, potentially limit our sourcing flexibility or require extensive system or other changes that could increase the cost of doing business. Failure to comply could result in harm to our members, employees, workers in the value chain or others, significant costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The impact of changes to or the introduction of new laws, regulations and policies and enforcement practices, can be unpredictable. These may require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase the cost of doing business, require significant capital expenditures, adversely impact the products or services we offer, or result in adverse publicity and harm to our reputation. If we fail to comply or respond adequately to changes in laws and regulations, our business, operations and financial performance may be adversely affected. We are subject to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. At the end of 2025, we operated 285 warehouses outside of the U.S. (31% of all warehouse locations), and we plan to continue expanding our international operations. Future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many similar to those we face in the U.S., certain of which are beyond our control. These factors include political and economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations, policy changes, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. Other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade (including tariffs and trade sanctions), monetary and fiscal policies and the laws and regulations of the U.S. and foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities in locations which have been historically less stable than the U.S. Risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences, and difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. New reporting obligations globally are increasing the cost and complexity of doing business. Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. Accounting principles and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations we apply to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including self-insurance liabilities, are highly complex and involve subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. 16 Table of Contents Changes in rules or interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance and have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. We are exposed to risks relating to evaluations of controls required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and otherwise. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires management assessments of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact our stock price. Uncertainties around our developing systems concerning controls for non-financial reporting also create risks. Changes in federal, state and foreign tax rates and legislation, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection and remittance obligations related to federal, state and foreign jurisdictions. Additionally, at any point in time, we may be under examination for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes. We may recognize additional tax expense, be subject to additional tax liabilities, or incur losses and penalties, due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, assessments by authorities and interpretations related to tax, including tax rules in various jurisdictions. We compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. As tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision. Additionally, changes in the enacted tax rates or adverse outcomes in tax audits, including transfer pricing disputes, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Failure or perceived failure to meet our environmental, social or governance (ESG) goals or expectations set by changing public interest and government regulation of ESG topics could result in reputational harm or adversely affect our business. We are committed to doing what is right for the business, our members, employees and shareholders over the long-term. Costco has set public targets and disclosed intentions for future action regarding sustainability. There are dependencies outside of our control impacting our ability to meet our goals, including but not limited to: economic conditions, ability to access technology at an appropriate cost or scale, the ability to procure sufficient clean energy at competitive market rates to meet future operational and supplier needs, unforeseen operational and implementation challenges, termination or contraction of policies or systems which support our capital investments, and collaboration with third parties. For example, multiple states are implementing extended producer responsibility laws that will require us to enact policies and processes and will increase expenses in the form of fees paid to the state governments, else be subject to fines and penalties, among other effects. We may not make adequate and timely investments or successfully implement strategies that will effectively achieve our sustainability-related goals. Furthermore, federal, state and local regulatory authorities, private organizations and individuals may challenge our approach to ESG issues, including allegations that we failed in our efforts, should not have undertaken such efforts or that we improperly engaged other entities in our approach to ESG issues. A failure or perceived failure to meet our goals or otherwise meet evolving and diverse stakeholder expectations could lead to reputational harm. Our operations require the treatment and disposal of wastewater, stormwater and agricultural and food processing wastes, the use and maintenance of refrigeration systems, noise, odor and dust management, the operation of mechanized processing equipment, and other operations that potentially could affect the 17 Table of Contents environment and public health and safety. Failure to comply with current and future environmental, health and safety standards could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, illness or injury of our employees, and claims or lawsuits related to such illnesses or injuries, and temporary closures or limits on the operations of facilities. Natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity are used in our operations, distribution channels, and value chain. Government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental restrictions may increase compliance, operations, and merchandise costs, and other regulations affecting energy inputs could materially affect our profitability. More stringent fuel economy standards, changing public policies aimed at increasing the adoption of zero-emission and alternative fuel vehicles, and other regulations related to climate change may affect our future operations, adversely impact certain elements of our profitability, and require significant capital expenditures. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. Failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings and lead to damage awards, fines, penalties, and remediation costs. We are or may become involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, including grand jury investigations, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort, unclaimed property laws, and other litigation. We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. The outcome of some of these proceedings, audits, unclaimed property laws, and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management ' s attention and resources. 