=== MDLZ_2026-04-03.htm.gz ===
mdlz-20260403 0001103982 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0001103982 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001103982 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001103982 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001103982 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001103982 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 6 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001103982 7 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Mondel z International, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 1 LETTER FROM OUR CHAIR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER April 3, 2026 Dirk Van de Put Chair and Chief Executive Officer Dear Fellow Shareholders, 2025 was a year of strength and transition for Mondel z International. Amid a challenging backdrop, with historic volatility in cocoa markets and uneven consumer confidence, we delivered solid net revenue growth, durable gross profit dollar generation and strong free cash flow. We also continued to return meaningful capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. These results reflect the resilience of our categories, the strength of our brands, and the discipline of our execution. We exited 2025 as a structurally stronger company, positioning us well on our path to reaccelerate growth and consistently deliver our long-term growth algorithm. Snacking remains deeply embedded in daily life. Consumers snack more than three times per day globally, and our core categories continue to grow faster than broader food. We hold the #1 global position in biscuits and with a strong #2 position in chocolate, with meaningful headroom across cakes and pastries and snack bars. Core snacks are expected to grow steadily over the next five years, supported by stable per capita consumption and continued value expansion. Our revenue mix has increasingly shifted toward these core categories, and we expect them to comprise 90% of revenues by 2030. Combined with our global footprint and local-first operating model, this focus creates a scalable and resilient growth system. Emerging markets are now a scaled engine of growth, not a future option. Approximately 40% of our revenue comes from these markets, where we have delivered double-digit organic net revenue growth over the past five years. China, India, Brazil, and Mexico represent nearly half of our emerging markets revenue and continue to offer substantial runway through distribution expansion, affordability-focused price pack architecture, and locally relevant innovation. We remain confident that emerging markets will continue to deliver sustainable, volume-led growth over the long term. In developed markets, our focus is equally clear: improve execution and restore consistent volume momentum. In North America, we have launched a multi-year supply chain modernization program designed to enhance flexibility, optimize costs, and improve service beginning in 2027. We are increasing working media investments, expanding distribution in under-indexed channels, and refining our price pack architecture to meet evolving consumer needs. While the environment remains competitive, penetration of our brands is stable, and we are confident in our ability to strengthen performance over time. In Europe, our chocolate business navigated an unprecedented cocoa cycle. Despite significant pricing actions, category fundamentals remain attractive, supported by strong brand loyalty and historically moderate elasticity. As cocoa markets stabilize, we are refining price points, expanding premium offerings, accelerating innovation, and strengthening supply chain resilience. We believe these actions position Europe for recovery and renewed growth. Cocoa volatility was the defining challenge of 2025. We addressed it through disciplined pricing, structural supply chain actions, and focused reinvestment. We are expanding sourcing beyond West Africa, supporting improved agronomy practices and large-scale farming, and investing in alternative technologies, including cell-cultured and fermented cocoa. As cocoa fundamentals normalize, we expect improved margin dynamics and stronger earnings growth beginning in 2027, while continuing to invest appropriately behind our brands. 2 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT LETTER FROM OUR CHAIR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER To further elevate execution in this dynamic environment, we appointed Luca Zaramella as Chief Operating Officer, overseeing our commercial operations across all four geographic regions, as well as our corporate sales, marketing, and supply chain functions. In the near term, Luca also remains in his role as Chief Financial Officer, while we search for a new leader to fulfill that role. Luca is a strong operational and financial leader with deep knowledge of our business and a consistent record of driving results. His expanded role is designed to sharpen accountability, accelerate decision-making, and raise the bar on operational excellence across the enterprise. I am confident that this structure will further strengthen our execution and accelerate our performance as we realize the promise of our growth agenda. Across the Company, our competitive advantages continue to compound. Our iconic brands demonstrate strong and growing consumer equity. Our localized supply chains and route to market capabilities enable speed and agility. Our category-focused research and development fuels innovation. And our engaged culture, grounded in a growth mindset and local accountability, supports consistent performance. These advantages underpin our long-term growth algorithm aspiration of 3% to 5% organic net revenue growth, high single-digit adjusted EPS growth, and more than $3 billion in free cash flow. We remain committed to disciplined capital allocation, balancing reinvestment in the business, targeted bolt-on acquisitions, and meaningful returns of capital to shareholders. While volatility may persist in the near term, our fundamentals are strong. We operate in attractive and resilient categories, supported by leading brands, a diversified geographic footprint, and strengthened operational leadership. We are confident in our strategy, confident in our team, and confident in our ability to deliver sustainable, long-term value. On behalf of our approximately 91,000 colleagues around the world, thank you for your continued trust and investment in Mondel z International. Sincerely, Dirk Van de Put Chair and Chief Executive Officer Mondel z International, Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 3 LETTER FROM OUR LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR April 3, 2026 Patrick T. Siewert Lead Independent Director We recognize that when you invest in Mondel z International, you place your trust in the Board, the management team, and the Company. We deeply value that trust and remain committed to providing independent oversight, sound governance, and long- term value creation for our shareholders. Dear Fellow Shareholders, As we reflect on 2025 and look ahead, I am pleased to share the Board s continued focus on advancing Mondel z International s long-term growth strategy and upholding strong governance practices. The progress the Company has achieved amid a dynamic and, at times, volatile operating environment reinforces our confidence in the path we have charted. During 2025, the Company navigated historic volatility in cocoa markets and evolving consumer demand patterns across several regions. Throughout this period, the Board remained closely engaged with Chair and Chief Executive Officer Dirk Van de Put and the broader executive leadership team as they executed the Company s strategy. We reviewed business plans, margin dynamics, capital allocation priorities, and supply chain resilience initiatives, while maintaining our focus on restoring consistent volume momentum in developed markets and sustaining strong growth across emerging markets. The Board continues to support management s disciplined execution on our path to consistently deliver our long-term growth algorithm aspiration and Vision 2030 priorities. We remain committed to providing independent, strategic oversight of the Company s operations and helping ensure that robust governance practices remain at the foundation of our decision-making. Independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions, and we maintain active oversight across strategy, risk management, succession planning, and executive compensation. Board composition and refreshment remain priorities. Our directors collectively bring deep global consumer, financial, operational, and governance expertise. We believe this breadth of experience positions us well to guide the Company as it navigates an evolving global landscape. At our 2026 Annual Meeting, we will ask shareholders to elect a highly qualified slate of director nominees whose skills and experience align with the Company s strategy and global footprint. Leadership development is also a key area of the Board s focus. During the year, we appointed Luca Zaramella to serve as Chief Operating Officer. This decision reflects the Board s confidence in Luca s operational and financial leadership and our commitment to supporting strong execution as the Company advances its growth agenda. Sustainability i nitiatives continue to be a driver of long-term value creation. The Board oversees progress against the Sustainability pillar of Vision 2030, including responsible sourcing initiatives and efforts to enhance supply chain resilience and promote human rights across the value chain. We believe these actions are integral to maintaining the strength of our brands, supporting the communities in which we operate, and creating long-term value. We recognize that when you invest in Mondel z International, you place your trust in the Board, the management team, and the Company. We deeply value that trust and remain committed to providing independent oversight, sound governance, and long-term value creation for our shareholders. As we have in years past, we regularly engaged with shareholders in 2025 to seek their input on emerging issues, address their questions, and understand their perspectives. 4 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT LETTER FROM OUR LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR On behalf of the Board of Directors, thank you for your continued investment in Mondel z International. We encourage you to review this proxy statement and vote your shares in alignment with the Board s recommendations. Sincerely, Patrick T. Siewert Lead Independent Director Mondel z International, Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 5 NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TIME AND DATE 9:00 a.m. CDT on May 20, 2026 Venue Virtual Annual Meeting www.proxydocs.com/MDLZ Record Date March 11, 2026 905 West Fulton Market, Suite 200 Chicago, IL 60607 5 WHO MAY VOTE: ITEMS OF BUSINESS: 1. To elect as directors the 10 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement ( Proxy Statement ); 2. To approve, on an advisory basis, the Company s executive compensation; 3. To ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026; 4. To vote on two shareholder proposals if properly presented at the meeting; and 5. To transact any other business properly presented at the meeting. WHO MAY VOTE: Shareholders of record of Mondel z International Class A Common Stock at the close of business on March 11, 2026, are entitled to vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ). DATE OF DISTRIBUTION: On or about April 3, 2026, we distributed the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and made available electronically the Proxy Statement, Proxy Card, and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Form 10-K ) online at www.proxydocs.com/MDLZ . FORMAT OF THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS: The Board of Directors (the Board ) has determined that we will hold a virtual Annual Meeting via webcast. We have designed the format of the Annual Meeting so that shareholders have the same rights and opportunities as they would have at a physical meeting for meaningful engagement with the Company. Access to the Webcast of the Annual Meeting: Only shareholders of record and beneficial owners of shares of our Common Stock as of the close of business on March 11, 2026, the record date, may attend and participate in the Annual Meeting, including voting and asking questions during the virtual Annual Meeting. To attend the Annual Meeting, you must register at www.proxydocs.com/MDLZ . Upon completing your registration, you will receive further instructions via email, including a unique link that will allow you access to the Annual Meeting and to vote and submit questions during the Annual Meeting. 6 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS As part of the registration process, you must enter the control number located on your proxy card, voting instruction form, or Notice of Internet Availability. If you are a beneficial owner of shares registered in the name of a broker, bank, or other nominee, you will also need to provide the registered name on your account and the name of your broker, bank, or other nominee as part of the registration process. On the day of the Annual Meeting, May 20, 2026 , shareholders may begin to log in to the virtual Annual Meeting 15 minutes prior to the Annual Meeting. The Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 9:00 a.m. CDT. Should you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual Annual Meeting platform, including any difficulties voting or submitting questions, we will have technicians ready to assist you. You may call the technical support number that will be posted in your instructional email. A recording of the Annual Meeting will be available following the meeting in the investor relations section of our website at www.mondelezinternational.com . On behalf of our Board of Directors, management, and employees, thank you for your continued support. Laura Stein Executive Vice President, Corporate Legal Affairs, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary April 3, 2026 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 20, 2026 Mondel z International, Inc. s Proxy Statement and 2025 Form 10-K are available at www.proxydocs.com/MDLZ . HOW TO VOTE Your vote is important. We encourage you to review the proxy materials and vote your shares as soon as possible, even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting online. If you are voting via the Internet, with your mobile device or by telephone, be sure to have your Proxy Card or Voting Instruction Form ( VIF ) in hand and follow the instructions. You can vote any of four ways: VIA THE INTERNET Visit the website listed on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, Proxy Card, or VIF. WITH YOUR MOBILE DEVICE Scan the QR barcode on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, Proxy Card, or VIF. BY TELEPHONE Call the telephone number on your Proxy Card or VIF. BY MAIL If you received paper copies of your Proxy Materials, mark, sign, date, and return the Proxy Card in the envelope provided. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 7 NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including any projections of earnings, revenue, or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies, and objectives of management; any statements regarding our sustainability strategies, goals, and initiatives; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief or expectation; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing or other future events. Forward-looking statements may include, among others, the words, and variations of words, will, may, expect, would, could, might, intend, plan, believe, likely, estimate, anticipate, objective, predict, project, drive, seek, aim, target, potential, commitment, outlook, continue, or any other similar words. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control and are amplified by ongoing macroeconomic volatility and uncertainty, including current and potential trade and tariff actions affecting countries where we operate. Please see our risk factors, as they may be amended from time to time, set forth in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. There may be other factors not presently known to us or which we currently consider to be immaterial that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. We disclaim and do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement in this report except as required by applicable law or regulation. The sustainability information included in, and any sustainability issues identified as material for purposes of, this document may not be considered material for SEC reporting purposes. In the context of this disclosure, the term material for sustainability matters is distinct from, and should not be confused with, such term as defined for SEC reporting purposes. Website references throughout this proxy statement are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. 8 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CHAIR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 1 LETTER FROM OUR LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 3 NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 5 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 10 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 10 How to Vote in Advance of the Meeting 10 Items of Business 11 About Mondel z International 12 Director Nominees 12 Our Governance Framework 14 Executive Compensation 16 ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 18 How We Build an Experienced and Qualified Board 18 Director Skills 20 Shareholder Recommendations for Director Candidates 21 Shareholders Elect Directors Annually 22 Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting 23 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 33 Governance Guidelines 33 Director Onboarding and Education 35 Director Independence 37 Board Oversight of Strategy 38 Board Oversight of Risk Management 38 Board Oversight of Human Capital Management and Corporate Culture 41 Meeting Attendance 42 Insider Trading Policy 42 Codes of Conduct 43 Review of Transactions with Related Persons 44 Shareholder Outreach and Communication with the Board 45 BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEMBERSHIP 46 Committee Membership 46 Audit Committee 47 Finance Committee 50 Governance, Membership and Sustainability Committee 51 People and Compensation Committee 53 OUR DISTINCTIVE APPROACH TO ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL ISSUES 56 Our Strategic Focus Areas 56 Board Oversight and Governance of Sustainability 57 Our Goals 58 Sustainability Reporting 59 COMPENSATION OF NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 60 Review of Non-Employee Director Compensation 60 Summary of 2025 Compensation Elements 60 Plan Limits on Non-Employee Director Grants 60 Cash Compensation Board, Lead Independent Director, and Committee Chair Retainers 61 Equity Compensation Annual Equity Grant 61 Director Stock Ownership Guidelines 61 Company Match for Director Charitable Contributions 61 2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation 62 2025 Non-Employee Director Equity Awards 62 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CD A) 63 Executive Summary 63 Compensation Program 67 Compensation Determination Process 79 Compensation Governance 82 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 85 2025 Summary Compensation Table 85 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 87 2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 88 2025 Options Exercised and Stock Vested 89 2025 Pension Benefits 90 Retirement Benefit Plan Description 90 2025 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Benefits 91 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 93 PEOPLE AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 97 CEO PAY RATIO 98 PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE 99 Financial Performance Measures 101 Analysis of the Information Presented in the Pay Versus Performance Table 101 OWNERSHIP OF EQUITY SECURITIES 103 ITEM 2. ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 105 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 3. RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2026 106 Review of Independent Registered Public Accountants 106 Selection of Independent Registered Public Accountants 107 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 108 ITEM 4. SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL 109 Report on Objective Evaluation of Plastics Packaging Policies 109 ITEM 5. SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL 112 Adopt Independent Board Chairman Policy 112 OTHER MATTERS THAT MAY BE PRESENTED AT THE ANNUAL MEETING 115 FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTING 116 Voting Instructions to Proxies 116 Attending and Voting at the Annual Meeting 116 Getting Information and Asking Questions Before and During the Annual Meeting 116 Frequently Asked Questions About the Annual Meeting and Voting 117 2027 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 122 Shareholder Nominations and Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 122 ANNEX A: FINANCIAL MEASURES DEFINITIONS 123 GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations 127 10 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights select information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. You should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully and consider all available information before voting. For more complete information regarding Mondel z International Inc. s ( Mondel z s, Mondel z International s, or the Company s ) 2025 performance, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 9:00 a.m. CDT on Wednesday, May 20, 2026. The Annual Meeting will be a virtual meeting of shareholders conducted via webcast. Record Date March 11, 2026. Each outstanding share of Class A Common Stock ( Common Stock ) is entitled to one vote on each matter to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting. Shareholders must register to attend the meeting, vote, and submit questions by visiting www.proxydocs.com/MDLZ and using the control number shown on their Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, Proxy Card, or VIF. HOW TO VOTE IN ADVANCE OF THE MEETING Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please vote in advance. If you are voting via the Internet, with your mobile device or by telephone (where available), be sure to have your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, Proxy Card, or VIF in hand and follow the instructions. You can vote in advance of the meeting any of four ways: VIA THE INTERNET Visit the website listed on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, Proxy Card, or VIF. WITH YOUR MOBILE DEVICE Scan the QR barcode on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, Proxy Card, or VIF. BY TELEPHONE Call the telephone number on your Proxy Card or VIF. BY MAIL If you received paper copies of your Proxy Materials, mark, sign, date, and return the Proxy Card in the envelope provided. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 11 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Items of Business ITEMS OF BUSINESS Item Voting Choices Board s Voting Recommendation More Information Company Proposals: Item 1. Election of 10 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement With respect to each nominee: For Against Abstain FOR All Nominees Page 18 Item 2. Advisory vote to approve executive compensation For Against Abstain FOR Page 105 Item 3. Ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 For Against Abstain FOR Page 106 Shareholder Proposals: Item 4. Report on objective evaluation of plastics packaging policies For Against Abstain AGAINST Page 109 Item 5. Adopt independent board chairman policy For Against Abstain AGAINST Page 112 Transact any other business properly presented at the meeting. 12 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY About Mondel z International ABOUT MONDEL Z INTERNATIONAL Mondel z International empowers people to snack right around the world. With global net revenues of $38.5 billion in 2025, we are leading the future of snacking with iconic global and local brands such as Oreo, Ritz, LU, CLIF Bar, and Tate s Bake Shop biscuits and baked snacks, as well as Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, and Toblerone chocolate. Our mission is to provide the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way. n Biscuits Baked Snacks n Chocolate n Gum Candy n Cheese Grocery n Beverages APPROXIMATELY 91,000 EMPLOYEES BRING OUR BRANDS TO LIFE MAKING AND BAKING OUR DELICIOUS PRODUCTS n Asia, Middle East and Africa n Europe n North America n Latin America OUR PRODUCTS ARE ENJOYED IN OVER 150+ COUNTRIES AROUND THE WORLD DIRECTOR NOMINEES ELECTION OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES The Board nominated each of the 10 incumbent directors listed here. The Director nominees vary in age from 59 to 70, include four women, and collectively bring a range of professional and life experiences to the Board. Three self-identify as Black and seven self-identify as White. Directors are elected for a term of one year. Additional information about the director nominees is provided under Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting on page 23 . Director Nominee Tenure an d Age Global Perspective All 10 directors have global business and other international experience 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 13 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Director Nominees Director Nominees at a Glance Ertharin Cousin Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, Food Systems for the Future Institute and Former Executive Director of the United Nations World Food Program Director since 2022 Age: 68 INDEPENDENT Cees t Hart Former Chief Executive Officer, Carlsberg Group Director since 2023 Age: 67 INDEPENDENT Nancy McKinstry Former Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Executive Board, Wolters Kluwer N.V. Director since 2025 Age: 67 INDEPENDENT Brian J. McNamara Chief Executive Officer, Haleon plc Director since 2024 Age: 59 INDEPENDENT Jorge S. Mesquita Former Chief Executive Officer, BlueTriton Brands, Inc. Director since 2012 Age: 64 INDEPENDENT Jane Hamilton Nielsen Former C hief Operating Officer, Ralph Lauren Corporation Director since 2021 Age: 61 INDEPENDENT Paula A. Price Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Macy s, Inc., Director since 2024 Age: 64 INDEPENDENT Patrick T. Siewert Chairman Asia, Restaurant Brands International and Head of Consumer, Media, and Retail, The Carlyle Group Asia, Retired Director since 2012 Lead Independent Director since 2022 Age: 70 INDEPENDENT Michael A. Todman Former Vice Chairman, Whirlpool Corporation Director since 2020 Age: 68 INDEPENDENT Dirk Van de Put Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Mondel z International, Inc. Director since 2017 Age: 65 14 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Our Governance Framework OUR GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK OUR STRONG CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK PROMOTES THE LONG-TERM INTERESTS OF SHAREHOLDERS, ACCOUNTABILITY, AND TRUST IN THE COMPANY Our governance practices and policies enhance the effectiveness and accountability of our Board and promote the Company s long-term success. Key aspects of our corporate governance framework are highlighted below. You can find additional detail under Corporate Governance beginning on page 33 , Compensation Governance on page 82 , and 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on page 10 . Key Practice or Policy Benefits Lead Independent Director. Our Lead Independent Director has broad and substantive duties and responsibilities that have considerable overlap with those typically performed by an independent Board Chair, including: engages in planning and approval of meeting schedules and agendas; presides over regular executive sessions of independent directors; provides input into the design of the annual Board, committee, and individual director self- and peer-evaluation processes; serves as an alternate member of all Board committees; conducts the annual Board and individual director self- and peer-evaluation processes in coordination with the Governance, Membership, and Sustainability Committee (the Governance Committee ); and consults with shareholders. A highly effective and engaged Lead Independent Director: provides independent Board leadership and oversight, including on business matters and risk management activities; enhances independent directors input and investors perspectives on agendas and discussions; fosters candid discussion during regular executive sessions of the independent directors; facilitates effective communication and interaction between the Board and management; serves as a liaison between the independent directors and the Chair and CEO; and provides feedback to management regarding Board concerns and information needs. Majority Independent Board. At least 80% of our directors must meet the independence requirements prescribed by Nasdaq listing standards. The Corporate Governance Guidelines (the Guidelines ) provide that currently the Chair and CEO should be the only member of management to serve as a director. Provides independent Board oversight of management on behalf of shareholders. Board composed entirely of independent directors, with the exception of the CEO. Committees composed entirely of and chaired by independent directors. Annual Election of Directors. Shareholders elect directors annually by majority vote in uncontested elections. Strengthens Board, committee, and individual director accountability. Proxy Access. Shareholders that own 3% or more of our outstanding Common Stock continuously for at least three years may nominate up to two director nominees to our Proxy Statement. Strengthens Board accountability and encourages engagement with shareholders regarding Board composition. Special Meeting of Shareholders. The holders of at least 20% of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock may call a special meeting of shareholders. Strengthens Board accountability and encourages engagement with shareholders regarding important matters. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 15 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Our Governance Framework Key Practice or Policy Benefits Regular Shareholder Engagement. We regularly engage with shareholders to seek their input on emerging issues, address their questions, and understand their perspectives. The Lead Independent Director is available for consultation with our shareholders. Following our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, we reached out to shareholders representing approximately 57% of our outstanding shares and engaged with 23 different shareholders that collectively represent approximately 35% of our outstanding shares. The Lead Independent Director met with shareholders representing approximately 22% of our outstanding shares. This practice provides open channels of communication with our shareholders and helps promote regular consideration of and response to feedback on the Company s strategy, corporate governance, compensation, and sustainability practices. Annual Board and Committee Self-Assessments. Annual Board, committee, and director self- and peer-assessments. The results of these self- and peer-assessments are used in planning Board and committee meetings and agendas, fostering director accountability and committee effectiveness, analyzing Board composition, and making director recruitment and governance decisions. Promotes continuous process improvement of the Board and committees. Provides an opportunity to discuss individual directors contributions and performance and to solicit their views on improving Board and committee performance. Provides a disciplined mechanism for director input into the Board s evolution and succession planning process. Tenure and Retirement Policies. Non-employee directors have a term limit of 15 years. Non-employee directors will not be nominated for election to the Board after their 75th birthday. Promotes ongoing evolution and refreshment. Average tenure for current directors is approximately six years. Stock Ownership Requirements. Directors must own shares of our Common Stock in an amount equal to five times the annual Board cash retainer within five years of joining the Board. Aligns directors and shareholders long-term interests. Anti-Hedging Policy. Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits employees and directors from engaging in transactions involving derivative securities, short-selling, or hedging transactions that create an actual or potential bet against the Company or one of its subsidiaries. Eliminates the opportunity to benefit from a decrease in our stock price. 16 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Executive Compensation EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION OVERVIEW OF PAY ELEMENTS This table describes the primary elements and objectives of the 2025 executive compensation program for our Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ), reflecting the philosophy of our People and Compensation Committee (the PCC ) to set challenging but attainable targets to reward performance. Pay Element Vehicle 2025 Performance Measures Key Characteristics (1) 2025 Objectives Base Salary Cash Fixed cash paid regularly Attract and retain world-class business leaders by offering market-competitive salaries based on role, responsibilities, experience, individual performance, and internal equity Annual Incentive Plan 100% At-risk cash 80% Financial Measures: Organic Volume Growth (15%) Organic Net Revenue Growth (15%) Adjusted Gross Profit Growth (35%) Adjusted Operating Income Growth (15%) Free Cash Flow (20%) 30pp Market Share Overlay Reward and motivate annual achievements of critical financial goals and strategic objectives across four priorities: growth, execution, culture, and sustainability 20% Strategic Progress Indicator Goals (2) Long-Term Incentive Program 75% Performance Share Units ( PSUs ) 3-year cliff vesting Organic Net Revenue Growth (50%) Adjusted EPS Growth (50%) 25pp Annualized Relative Total Shareholder Return ( TSR ) Modifier (3) Reward long-term performance for delivering sustained long-term growth and creating shareholder value 25% Stock Options 3-year ratable vesting Stock Price (1) A more detailed discussion, including definitions of the financial measures, appears in the CD A and in Annex A. (2) See Strategic Progress Indicator Goals on page 72 for details. (3) For PSUs, require above median performance (60 th percentile) for the relative TSR modifier to have a positive impact on payouts. 2025 COMPENSATION PROGRAM DESIGN CHANGES We did not make any material changes to our 2025 design relative to our design in 2024, except for PSUs. For the 2025-2027 PSUs, we retained the same three performance metrics as prior years. However, we shifted relative TSR from a 50% weighting to a modifier, which may increase or decrease the number of PSUs earned by up to 25pp. This change aligns with the prevalent market practice and emphasizes the two equally weighted financial metrics (Organic Net Revenue Growth and Adjusted EPS Growth), which are vital in accomplishing our long-term strategy, while continuing to include relative TSR. Relative TSR remains an important metric for measuring relative outperformance and incentivizing shareholder value creation. The relative TSR modifier will not have a positive impact on the number of earned PSUs unless our relative TSR meets or exceeds the 60 th percentile. Further, the relative TSR modifier cannot result in a PSU payout greater than 200% of target. Our program remains aligned with our business strategy and reflects the strength of ongoing shareholder feedback, demonstrated by the strong levels of support we have received historically from shareholders on our Say-on-Pay. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 17 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Executive Compensation TOTAL TARGET COMPENSATION MIX The PCC places significant focus on performance-based compensation, which is provided in the form of an annual performance incentive under the Annual Incentive Plan and stock options and PSUs under the Long-Term Incentive plan. Our focus on performance-based compensation rewards strong company financial and operating performance and aligns the interests of our NEOs with those of our shareholders. Below, we show the 2025 total target compensation mix for our CEO and the average for our other NEOs. This compensation mix includes base pay, target annual incentive, and long-term incentive grants. Most of the compensation for both the CEO and the other NEOs is variable and at risk. CEO 93% Pay at Risk Other NEOs 85% Pay at Risk l Base Salary l Annual Incentives l Stock Options l PSUs 18 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS HOW WE BUILD AN EXPERIENCED AND QUALIFIED BOARD OBJECTIVE The Governance Committee works with the Board to determine the appropriate mix of individuals to form a Board that is strong in its collective knowledge, competencies, and experiences. HOW WE GET THERE The Governance Committee identifies, evaluates, and recommends to the Board director nominees for election at the Annual Meeting. The Governance Committee invites director nominee suggestions from the directors, management, shareholders, and others. In addition, the Governance Committee has retained a third-party executive search firm to assist in identifying and evaluating potential director nominees based on the Board s recruitment objectives. The Governance Committee considers the factors below when selecting and recruiting directors in the annual nomination process. This year, the Board is renominating 10 incumbent directors. Relevant Qualifications, Knowledge, and Experience The Board believes all directors should possess certain attributes, including integrity, sound business judgment, and strategic vision, as these characteristics are necessary to establish a competent, ethical, and well-functioning board that best represents shareholders interests. Consistent with our Guidelines, when evaluating the suitability of an individual for nomination to our Board, the Governance Committee considers: the candidate s general understanding of the varied disciplines relevant to the success of a large, publicly-traded company in today s global business environment; the candidate s understanding of the Company s global businesses and markets; the candidate s professional experience and educational background; other factors that promote diverse views, knowledge, experience, and backgrounds; whether the candidate meets various independence requirements, including whether his or her service on boards and board committees of other organizations is consistent with our conflicts of interest policy; and whether the candidate can devote sufficient time and effort to fulfill a director s responsibilities to the Company given his or her other commitments. Individual Director Self-Assessments The Board believes that directors should not expect to be renominated automatically and that directors qualifications and performance should be evaluated annually. The annual Board and director self-assessment processes are important determinants in a director s renomination and tenure. Annually, all incumbent director nominees complete questionnaires to update and confirm their background, qualifications, and skills, and to identify any potential conflicts of interest. The Governance Committee, in coordination with the Lead Independent Director, assesses the experience, qualifications, attributes, skills, and contributions of each director. The Governance Committee also considers each individual in the context of the Board composition as a whole, with the objective of recruiting and recommending a slate of director nominees who can best sustain the Company s success and represent our shareholders interests through the exercise of sound judgment and informed decision-making. Board Refreshment Through Director Tenure and Age Limits The Board believes it is helpful to have a balance of long-term members with in-depth knowledge of our business and new members who bring valuable skills and fresh perspectives. Our Guidelines provide that non-employee directors have a term limit of 15 years. In addition, non-employee directors will not be nominated for re-election to the Board after they reach age 75. The current Board composition reflects the Board s commitment to ongoing refreshment and the importance of maintaining a balance of tenure and experience. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 19 ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS How We Build an Experienced and Qualified Board The Board Values Diverse Views and Experiences When assembling the pool of candidates from which directors are selected, the Governance Committee considers diverse views, knowledge, experience, and backgrounds which contribute to more informed and effective decision-making. As part of the search process for new directors, the Governance Committee seeks out women and ethnically diverse candidates to include in the pool from which director nominees are chosen, with the ultimate decision on all Board nominations being based on the contributions that the selected nominees will bring to the Board. The Governance Committee assesses the effectiveness of these efforts in its annual assessment. This year, the Board is nominating 10 incumbent directors. BOARD COMPOSITION: DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS, KNOWLEDGE, AND EXPERIENCE Based upon its discussions with the Board, the Governance Committee has identified seven key director competencies that are desirable in order for the Board to fulfill its current and future obligations. Key Competencies Relevant Experience INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE Industry Experience is vital to reviewing and understanding strategy, and the connections between strategy and the potential acquisition of businesses that offer complementary products or services. Food and beverage Consumer products Global food strategies SIGNIFICANT OPERATING EXPERIENCE Significant Operating Experience as a current or former executive of a large global company or other large organization gives a director specific insight and expertise that will foster active participation in the development and implementation of the Company s operating plan and business strategy. CEO/COO Manufacturing operations Retail operations Technology/information technology strategy LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Leadership Experience gives a director the ability to motivate, manage, identify, and develop leadership qualities in others and promotes strong critical thinking and verbal communication skills, as well as diverse views and thought processes. CEO/COO or other leadership positions at complex organizations M A/alliances/partnerships Strategic planning Talent assessment and people development/ compensation GLOBAL BUSINESS AND OTHER INTERNATIONAL EXPERIENCE Global Business and Other International Experience are important given the Company s global presence. Developed markets Emerging markets Government affairs/regulatory compliance ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL EXPERTISE Accounting and Financial Expertise enables a director to analyze financial statements, capital structure, and complex financial transactions, and oversee accounting and financial reporting processes. CFO M A/alliances/partnerships Financial acumen/capital markets Cost management 20 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS How We Build an Experienced and Qualified Board Key Competencies Relevant Experience PRODUCT RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND MARKETING EXPERIENCE Product Research, Development, and Marketing Experience in the food and beverage sector or a complementary industry contributes to a director s ability to oversee efforts to identify and develop new food and beverage products and implement marketing strategies that will improve performance. Consumer insights and analytics Research development Innovation New media/digital technology/ digital commerce PUBLIC COMPANY BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE EXPERIENCE Public Company Board and Corporate Governance Experience at a large publicly traded company provides a director with a solid understanding of the extensive and complex oversight responsibilities of public company boards and furthers the goals of greater transparency, accountability, and protection of shareholders interests. CEO/COO/other governance leadership positions Government affairs/regulatory compliance Public company board service Corporate governance knowledge Risk oversight, including with respect to cybersecurity risks and risks associated with emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence DIRECTOR SKILLS Director Nominee Skills Experience Cousin t Hart* McKinstry McNamara Mesquita Nielsen* Price* Siewert* Todman Van de Put Industry Experience Significant Operating Experience Leadership Experience Global Business and Other International Experience Accounting and Financial Expertise Product Research, Development, and Marketing Experience Public Company Board and Corporate Governance Experience Deep Proficiency A person who has developed in-depth knowledge of or deeper competency in a particular area, including extensive experience in company governance or executive leadership roles. * Denotes Audit Committee Financial Expert Proficiency Experience or competence in skill area, including through serving as a member of a relevant board committee at Mondel z or another company or serving as an executive officer of a public company. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 21 ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Skills INDIVIDUAL DIRECTOR SELF- AND PEER-ASSESSMENTS AND CONSIDERATIONS FOR RENOMINATION OF INCUMBENT DIRECTORS The Board does not believe that directors should expect to be automatically renominated. Therefore, annual Board and director self-assessments are important determinants in a director s renomination and tenure. The Governance Committee coordinates annual Board, committee, and director self- and peer-assessments. The peer-assessment component anonymously elicits feedback on individual director performance. The assessments include one-on-one discussions between each director and the Lead Independent Director. All incumbent director nominees complete questionnaires annually to update and confirm their background, qualifications, and skills, and to identify any potential conflicts of interest. The Governance Committee assesses the experience, qualifications, attributes, skills, and contributions of each director. In coordination with the Lead Independent Director, the Governance Committee also considers each individual in the context of the Board s composition as a whole, with the objective of recruiting and recommending a slate of director nominees who can best sustain the Company s success and represent shareholders interests by exercising sound judgment and informed decision-making. The Board expects that a director s other commitments will not interfere with his or her duties as a Company director. The Governance Committee and the Board take into account the nature and extent of a director s other commitments when determining whether to nominate that individual for election or re-election, including their attendance at and participation in Board and relevant committee meetings. Under the Company s Guidelines, directors should not serve on more than three public company boards in addition to the Company s Board (for a total of four public company boards), and a Board member who also serves as CEO (or equivalent position) at another public company should not serve on more than one public company board in addition to the Company s Board (for a total of two public company boards). BOARD REFRESHMENT THROUGH DIRECTOR TENURE AND AGE LIMITS The Board believes the optimal Board composition has a balance of tenured members with in-depth knowledge of the Company s business and operations and newer members who bring fresh perspectives. To that end, our Guidelines provide that non-employee directors have a term limit of 15 years and will not be nominated for re-election to the Board after they turn 75. In addition, as noted above, the Board s annual self-assessment process includes director self- and peer-assessments and discussions between the Lead Independent Director and each director, in coordination with the Governance Committee, regarding the director s strengths and opportunities to enhance contributions. The current Board composition reflects the Board s commitment to ongoing refreshment, with four new directors joining the Board in the last three years. SHAREHOLDER RECOMMENDATIONS FOR DIRECTOR CANDIDATES The Governance Committee will consider recommendations for director candidates submitted by shareholders. Shareholders should submit the proposed candidate s name along with the same information required for a shareholder to nominate a candidate for election to the Board at an annual meeting. Recommendations should be sent to our Corporate Secretary in the manner set forth in the advance notice provisions of our Amended and Restated By-Laws ( By-Laws ). The Governance Committee evaluates director candidates recommended by shareholders using the same criteria as it uses to evaluate candidates from other sources. Following the evaluation process, the Governance Committee makes a recommendation to the Board regarding the candidate s appointment or nomination for election to the Board, and the Board considers whether to appoint or nominate the candidate. Shareholders who nominate prospective candidates will be advised of the Board s decision. 22 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Shareholders Elect Directors Annually SHAREHOLDERS ELECT DIRECTORS ANNUALLY Directors are elected annually by a majority of votes cast if the election is uncontested. The terms of all directors elected at the Annual Meeting are scheduled to end at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or when a director s successor has been duly elected and qualified. The Board currently consists of 10 directors. The Board nominated for election at the Annual Meeting the 10 individuals introduced below. Shareholders most recently elected each of the director nominees to one-year terms at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Each director nominee consented to being nominated for election to the Board and to serving on the Board, if elected. If a director nominee should become unavailable to serve as a director, the individuals named as proxies intend to vote the shares for a replacement director nominee designated by the Board. In lieu of naming a substitute, the Board may reduce the number of directors on the Board. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 23 ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting DIRECTOR NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AT THE ANNUAL MEETING THE BOARD RECOMMENDS SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE 10 DIRECTOR NOMINEES INTRODUCED BELOW. The following information regarding each director nominee is as of March 11, 2026, unless otherwise noted. Ertharin Cousin Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, Food Systems for the Future Institute and Former Executive Director of the United Nations World Food Program INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: January 2022 Age: 68 DIRECTOR SKILLS: BOARD COMMITTEES: Governance People and Compensation PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND: Since September 2019, Ms. Cousin has served as Founder, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Food Systems for the Future Institute, a nonprofit organization to catalyze, enable, and scale market driven agtech, foodtech, and food innovations, and also as Visiting Scholar, Spogli Institute for the Study of International Relations, Center for Food and Environment at Stanford University. She has served as Distinguished Fellow of The Chicago Council on Global Affairs, a global affairs think tank, since 2017. Ms. Cousin previously served as Payne Distinguished Lecturer and Visiting Fellow at Stanford University s Spogli Institute from 2017 to 2019. From 2012 to 2017, Ms. Cousin served as Executive Director of the United Nations World Food Program, the food assistance branch of the United Nations. She was Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Agencies on behalf of the U.S. Department of State from 2009 to 2012. Ms. Cousin previously served in a variety of executive roles between 1987 and 2009, including Founding President and Chief Executive Officer of The Polk Street Group, a management services company; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of America s Second Harvest; Senior Vice President, Public Affairs for Albertsons Companies; White House Liaison and Special Advisor to the Secretary for the 2016 Olympics for the U.S. Department of State; and Assistant Attorney General for The State of Illinois. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Cousin has more than 40 years of national and international nonprofit, government, and corporate leadership experience, including leading the world s largest humanitarian organization, the United Nations World Food Program, in Rome. As U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Agencies for Food and Agriculture in Rome, she represented U.S. interests in global leader discussions regarding humanitarian and development activities, and she served as the U.S. Representative for all food-, agriculture-, and nutrition related issues. As Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Ms. Cousin led the national operations of the largest U.S. hunger relief organization, America s Second Harvest (now Feeding America). She also has corporate leadership experience from serving as a member of Albertsons Companies, Inc. s executive leadership team. Ms. Cousin has public company executive, board and corporate governance experience. She is a director of Bayer AG and Borealis Foods. 24 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting Cees t Hart Former Chief Executive Officer, Carlsberg Group INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: July 2023 Age: 67 DIRECTOR SKILLS: BOARD COMMITTEES: Chair, Finance Audit PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND: Mr. t Hart served as Chief Executive Officer of Carlsberg Group, a brewing company, from 2015 to August 2023. Prior to joining Carlsberg, Mr. t Hart was CEO of the Dutch dairy company Royal FrieslandCampina, a position which he had held since 2008. Prior to Royal FrieslandCampina, he spent 25 years with Unilever, holding positions across Eastern and Western Europe, and Asia. His last position at Unilever was as a member of the Europe Executive Board. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS: During his 38-year career, Mr. t Hart has gained valuable experience in executive leadership, operations management, cost management, and strategic planning. Mr. t Hart was the main architect behind Carlsberg s successful program to restore robust sales and profitability in its core markets and its strategic move into China. Mr. t Hart has extensive public company board and global corporate governance experience. He is a member of the Supervisory Board of Randstad. Mr. t Hart is a former member of the Supervisory Board of KLM and a former member of the Board of AFKLM. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 25 ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting Nancy McKinstry Former Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Executive Board, Wolters Kluwer N.V. INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: May 2025 Age: 67 DIRECTOR SKILLS: BOARD COMMITTEES: Governance People and Compensation PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND: Ms. McKinstry served as Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer N.V., a global information, software, and services provider, from September 2003 to February 2026, and as a member of its Executive Board from June 2001 to February 2026. She previously served in leadership positions including CEO of Wolters Kluwer s operations in North America and product management positions with CCH INCORPORATED, part of Wolters Kluwer s Tax Accounting division. Ms. McKinstry began her career with Booz Company (formerly Booz Allen Hamilton), an international management-consulting firm, where she focused on assignments in the media and technology industries. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS: As the former Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer N.V., Ms. McKinstry contributes global perspectives and management experience, including an understanding of key issues facing a multinational business. Ms. McKinstry has valuable experience in operations, product management, tax, accounting, risk, and compliance and the media and technology industries. Ms. McKinstry has repeatedly been included in leading lists of business media as one of the most powerful women in business. She is among Fortune International s Most Powerful Women in Business list, and was included in the list of HBR s Best-Performing CEOs in the World for 2019. Ms. McKinstry has extensive public company board and global corporate governance experience. She is a member of the boards of Accenture plc and Abbott Laboratories. 26 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting Brian J. McNamara Chief Executive Officer, Haleon plc INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: February 2024 Age: 59 DIRECTOR SKILLS: BOARD COMMITTEES: Governance People and Compensation PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND: Mr. McNamara has served as Chief Executive Officer of Haleon plc (formerly GSK ConsumerHealthcare), a global consumer healthcare company, since May 2022. Mr. McNamara joined GlaxoSmithKline plc, a global pharmaceutical and biotechnology company, in 2015 and served in various capacities, including Chief Executive Officer Designate, Haleon, from July 2021 to May 2022, Chief Executive Officer, GSK Consumer Healthcare, from October 2016 to May 2021, and Head of Europe and Americas, GSK Consumer Healthcare, from March 2015 to September 2016. Prior to that, he worked for 28 years in a variety of leadership positions for several global consumer products providers, including Novartis AG and The Procter Gamble Company. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS: During his 37-year career, Mr. McNamara has gained valuable experience in executive leadership and global operations management. He has a strong track record of building and marketing global brands, including driving strong, profitable growth and brand innovation. Mr. McNamara brings strong consumer products industry knowledge and marketing experience from his work at GSK Consumer Healthcare, Novartis AG, and The Procter Gamble Company. He brings a global perspective to the Board, having lived and worked in Europe and the Americas. Mr. McNamara has public company board and corporate governance experience. He is a director of Haleon plc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 27 ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting Jorge S. Mesquita Former Chief Executive Officer, BlueTriton Brands, Inc. INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: May 2012 Age: 64 DIRECTOR SKILLS: BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit Finance PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND: Mr. Mesquita served as Chief Executive Officer of BlueTriton Brands, Inc., a beverage company that offers regional spring water and national purified water brands, from July 2021 to March 2022. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President and Worldwide Chairman, Consumer of Johnson Johnson, a global healthcare products company, from 2014 until 2019. He also served on J J s Executive Committee and led the Consumer Group Operating Committee. Mr. Mesquita was an advisor to Cinven, a UK private equity firm, from 2020 to 2021. Mr. Mesquita was employed by Procter Gamble, a global marketer of consumer products, in various marketing and leadership capacities for 29 years from 1984 to 2013. During his tenure at P G, he served as Group President New Business Creation and Innovation from 2012 until 2013; Group President Special Assignment from January 2012 until March 2012; Group President, Global Fabric Care from 2007 to 2011; President, Global Home Care from 2001 to 2007; and President of Commercial Products and President of P G Professional from 2006 to 2007. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Mesquita brings extensive experience leading major global company business units. In these roles, he has a strong track record of building and marketing global brands, including the reinvention of key brands, leading strategic business transformations, and driving strong, profitable growth. As CEO of BlueTriton Brands, he embarked on growth and innovation initiatives. As Procter Gamble s Group President, New Business Creation and Innovation, Mr. Mesquita redesigned the business development organization and worked across the company with technology, marketing, and finance leaders to develop groundbreaking innovation capabilities. Mr. Mesquita was born and raised in Mozambique, Africa. He has lived and worked in several countries, including Venezuela, Mexico, Brazil, and the United States. He is fluent in Portuguese, Spanish, and English. Mr. Mesquita has public company board and corporate governance experience. He is a director of Humana Inc. 28 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting Jane Hamilton Nielsen Former Chief Operating Officer, Ralph Lauren Corporation INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: May 2021 Age: 61 DIRECTOR SKILLS: BOARD COMMITTEES: Chair, Audit Finance PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND: Ms. Nielsen served as Chief Operating Officer of Ralph Lauren Corporation, a global leader in the design, marketing, and distribution of premium lifestyle products, from June 2024 until March 2025. She led Ralph Lauren s global technology, business development, finance, integrated business and inventory planning, logistics, and real estate operations. She also served as Ralph Lauren s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer from 2019 until May 2024, and Chief Financial Officer from 2016 until 2019. Ms. Nielsen previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Coach, Inc., a leading design house of modern luxury accessories and lifestyle collections, from 2011 to 2016. Prior to that, Ms. Nielsen spent 15 years at PepsiCo, Inc. and Pepsi Bottling Group, a global food and beverage corporation, in various senior financial roles, including Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PepsiCo Beverages Americas and the Global Nutrition Group. She has experience in the areas of mergers integration, investor relations, and strategic planning. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Nielsen has extensive financial and operational experience gained during her service as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at Ralph Lauren, as Chief Financial Officer at Coach, and in her 15 years at PepsiCo s financial organization. Ms. Nielsen brings to the Board a global perspective and many years of experience in the food and consumer products industries. Throughout her tenure at Ralph Lauren, Ms. Nielsen has driven operational efficiency, digital transformation, and investment in omni-channel capability. She worked on numerous acquisitions and integrations while at PepsiCo, including the acquisition of Quaker Oats. Ms. Nielsen has public company board and corporate governance experience. She is a former director of Pinnacle Foods Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 29 ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting Paula A. Price Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Macy s, Inc. INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: May 2024 Age: 64 DIRECTOR SKILLS : BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit Finance PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND: Ms. Price served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Macy s, Inc., an omni-channel retailer of merchandise, including apparel and accessories, cosmetics, and other goods, from July 2018 to May 2020. Ms. Price was a full-time senior lecturer at Harvard Business School in the accounting and management unit from July 2014 to June 2018. Prior to that, she was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ahold USA, a retailer that operated more than 700 supermarkets in the United States under the Stop Shop, Giant, and Martin s names, as well as the Peapod online grocery delivery service, from May 2009 to January 2014. Ms. Price has more than 30 years of financial and operational experience and previously held senior management positions at CVS Caremark, JPMorgan Chase, Diageo, and Kraft Foods. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Price has extensive financial experience gained during her service as Chief Financial Officer at Macy s, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ahold USA. Ms. Price is a certified public accountant; she began her career at Arthur Andersen Co. Ms. Price brings to the Board many years of experience in the food and consumer products industry. Throughout her tenure at Ahold USA, Ms. Price was responsible for finance and accounting, strategic planning, real estate development and construction, and information technology. Ms. Price has public company board and corporate governance experience. She is a director of Accenture plc, Bristol Myers Squibb, and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc., and a former director of DaVita Inc., Dollar General Corporation, and Western Digital Corporation. 30 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting Patrick T. Siewert Chairman Asia, Restaurant Brands International and Head of Consumer, Media, and Retail, The Carlyle Group Asia, Retired INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: October 2012 LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: May 2022 Age: 70 DIRECTOR SKILLS: BOARD COMMITTEES: Chair, Governance Serves as an alternate member of such Board Committees as designated by the Board PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND: Mr. Siewert has served as Chairman Asia, Restaurant Brands International, a multinational fast food holding company, since May 2024. Previously, Mr. Siewert served as Partner Managing Director, Head of Consumer, Media, and Retail Asia of The Carlyle Group, a global alternative asset management firm, from 2007 and until June 2023. He also served as Senior Advisor for The Carlyle Group from July 2023 until September 2025. From 2001 to 2007, Mr. Siewert held a variety of roles with The Coca-Cola Company, a global beverage company, including Group President and Chief Operating Officer, Asia, and was a member of the Global Executive Committee. From 1974 to 2001, he held a variety of roles with Eastman Kodak Company, a technology company focused on imaging products and services, including Chief Operating Officer, Consumer Imaging and Senior Vice President and President of the Kodak Professional Division. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS: While working at Coca-Cola, Eastman Kodak, and Carlyle, Mr. Siewert developed extensive knowledge in the food and beverage and consumer products industries, especially insights into consumer trends and routes-to-market. Mr. Siewert has led business operations in the Americas, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. He currently focuses on investments and operations in Asian markets and select global opportunities. Mr. Siewert has extensive public company board and corporate governance experience. He is a member of the Board of Directors of Avery Dennison Corporation. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 31 ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting Michael A. Todman Former Vice Chairman, Whirlpool Corporation INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR SINCE: May 2020 Age: 68 DIRECTOR SKILLS: BOARD COMMITTEES: Governance Chair, People and Compensation PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND: Mr. Todman served as Vice Chairman of Whirlpool Corporation, a global home appliance company, from November 2014 until his retirement in December 2015, and as a member of Whirlpool s Board of Directors for nine years. Prior to that, Mr. Todman was President, Whirlpool International, from 2009 to 2014 and President, Whirlpool North America, from 2007 to 2009. Mr. Todman joined Whirlpool in 1993 and served in various capacities, including management, operations, sales, and marketing positions in North America and Europe. Before joining Whirlpool, Mr. Todman served in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility with Wang Laboratories, Inc., a manufacturer of computer systems, from 1983 to 1993, and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a multinational professional services firm, from 1979 to 1983. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Todman has broad leadership experience, including leading a $10 billion international business unit at Whirlpool. Mr. Todman brings strong industry knowledge and marketing experience. He has extensive consumer experience from Whirlpool and as a director of Newell Brands and Brown-Forman. Mr. Todman has comprehensive knowledge of emerging markets and has led strategic growth initiatives for emerging markets in Asia. Mr. Todman has extensive public company board and corporate governance experience. He is a director of Brown-Forman, Carrier Global Corporation and Prudential, and a former director of Newell Brands and Whirlpool. 32 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Nominees for Election at the Annual Meeting Dirk Van de Put Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Mondel z International, Inc. DIRECTOR SINCE: November 2017 CHAIR SINCE: April 2018 Age: 65 DIRECTOR SKILLS: PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND: Mr. Van de Put became Chief Executive Officer of Mondel z International and joined the Company s Board of Directors in November 2017. He became Chair in April 2018. Mr. Van de Put served as President and Chief Executive Officer of McCain Foods Limited, a multinational frozen food provider, from 2011 to 2017, and served as its Chief Operating Officer from 2010 to 2011. Mr. Van de Put was President and Chief Executive Officer, Global Over-the-Counter, Consumer Health Division of Novartis AG, a global healthcare company, from 2009 to 2010. From 1998 to 2009, he held a variety of roles with Groupe Danone SA, a multinational provider of packaged water, dairy, and baby food products, including Executive Vice President, Fresh Dairy and Waters, Americas, and Executive Vice President, Fresh Dairy and Waters, Latin America. From 1997 to 1998, Mr. Van de Put served as President, Coca-Cola Caribbean, and as Vice President, Value Chain Management, Coca-Cola Brazil. From 1986 to 1997, he held a variety of roles with Mars, Incorporated, a global manufacturer of confectionery, pet food, and other food products and a provider of animal care services, including General Manager and President, Southern Cone Region, Mars South America and Vice President, Marketing, Latin America. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Van de Put is a seasoned global Chief Executive Officer with experience and expertise in all critical business and commercial operations in both emerging and developed markets. He brings a global perspective to the Board, having lived and worked on three different continents. Mr. Van de Put has extensive leadership experience, including 31 years of experience in the food and consumer packaged goods industry. Mr. Van de Put is fluent in English, Dutch, French, Spanish, and Portuguese. Mr. Van de Put has public company board and corporate governance experience. He is a director of AB Inbev SA/NV and a former director of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and Mattel, Inc. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 33 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Board is committed to corporate governance practices that promote and protect the long term interests of our shareholders. We design our corporate governance practices to provide a robust and balanced framework for the Board in performing its fiduciary duties and to promote trust in the Company. Our Board believes that having and adhering to a strong corporate governance framework is essential to our long term success. GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES KEY ELEMENTS OF OUR GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK, PRACTICES, AND POLICIES ENHANCE OUR BOARD S EFFECTIVENESS AND ACCOUNTABILITY TO SHAREHOLDERS The Guidelines articulate our governance philosophy, practices, and policies in a range of areas, including the Board s role and responsibilities, Board composition, membership criteria and structure, CEO and Board performance evaluations, and succession planning. At least annually, the Governance Committee reviews the Guidelines and recommends any changes to the Board for its consideration. Key Practice or Policy Benefits Lead Independent Director. Our Lead Independent Director has broad and substantive duties and responsibilities that have considerable overlap with those typically performed by an independent Board Chair, including: engages in planning and approval of meeting schedules and agendas; presides over regular executive sessions of independent directors; provides input into the design of the annual Board, committee, and individual director self-evaluation process; serves as an alternate member of all Board committees; conducts the annual Board and individual director self-evaluation process in coordination with the Governance Committee; and consults with shareholders. A highly effective and engaged Lead Independent Director: provides independent Board leadership and oversight, including on business matters and risk management activities; enhances independent directors input and investors perspectives on agendas and discussions; fosters candid discussion during regular executive sessions of the independent directors; facilitates effective communication and interaction between the Board and management; serves as a liaison between the independent directors and the Chair and CEO; and provides feedback to management regarding Board concerns and information needs. Majority Independent Board. At least 80% of our directors must meet the independence requirements prescribed by Nasdaq listing standards. The Guidelines provide that currently the Chair and CEO should be the only member of management to serve as a director. Provides independent Board oversight of management on behalf of shareholders. Board composed entirely of independent directors, with the exception of the CEO. Committees composed entirely of and chaired by independent directors. Regular Executive Sessions of Independent Directors. At each in person Board meeting, the independent directors meet in executive session without any members of management present. The Lead Independent Director chairs these sessions. Allows the Board to discuss substantive issues, including matters concerning management, without management present. Annual Board and Committee Self Assessments. Annual Board, committee, and director self assessments include candid, one on one conversations between the Lead Independent Director and each director, in coordination with the Governance Committee. The results of these self assessments are used in planning Board and committee meetings and agendas, fostering director accountability and committee effectiveness, analyzing Board composition, and making director recruitment and governance decisions. Promotes regular process improvement of the Board and committees. Provides an opportunity to discuss individual directors contributions and performance and to solicit their views on improving Board and committee performance. Provides a disciplined mechanism for director input into the Board s evolution and succession planning process. 34 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Governance Guidelines Key Practice or Policy Benefits Tenure and Retirement Policies. Non employee directors have a term limit of 15 years. Non employee directors will not be nominated for election to the Board after their 75th birthday. Promotes ongoing evolution and refreshment. Average tenure for current directors is approximately six years. Ongoing Director Succession Planning. The Guidelines provide that the Governance Committee will periodically review the succession plans for members of the Board, each Committee and its Chair, and the Lead Independent Director. Maintaining a diverse Board with varying backgrounds, skills, and expertise promotes inclusion in decision making and oversight and helps the Board remain appropriately tailored to guiding the Company and its strategy. Limitations on Other Board Service. Directors should not serve on more than three public company boards in addition to our Board. Directors who also serve as CEO at another public company should not serve on more than one public company board in addition to our Board. Helps affirm that directors have sufficient time to fulfill their fiduciary duties to the Company. All directors comply with this policy. Annual Election of Directors. Shareholders elect directors annually by majority vote in uncontested elections. Strengthens Board, committee, and individual director accountability. Proxy Access. Shareholders who own 3% or more of our outstanding Common Stock continuously for at least three years may nominate up to two director nominees to our Proxy Statement. Strengthens Board accountability and encourages engagement with shareholders regarding Board composition. Special Meeting of Shareholders. The holders of at least 20% of the voting power of the outstanding Common Stock may call a special meeting of shareholders. Strengthens Board accountability and encourages engagement with shareholders regarding important matters. Regular Shareholder Engagement. We regularly engage with shareholders to seek their input on emerging issues, address their questions, and understand their perspectives. The Lead Independent Director is available for consultation with our shareholders. Following our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, we reached out to shareholders representing approximately 57% of our outstanding shares and engaged with 23 different shareholders that collectively represent approximately 35% of our outstanding shares. The Lead Independent Director met with shareholders representing approximately 22% of our outstanding shares. This practice provides open channels of communication with our shareholders and helps promote regular consideration of and response to feedback on the Company s strategy, corporate governance, compensation, and sustainability. Stock Ownership Requirements. Directors must own shares of our Common Stock in an amount equal to five times the annual Board cash retainer within five years of joining the Board. Aligns directors and shareholders long term interests. Annual CEO Evaluation and Board Oversight of Executive Compensation. Annually, the People and Compensation Committee sets goals for and evaluates the Chair and CEO s performance. The People and Compensation Committee seeks input from the other directors before deciding on a performance rating and compensation actions. The People and Compensation Committee also oversees our executive compensation program. Company s executive compensation program aligns with our business strategy and reflects the strength of ongoing shareholder feedback. Enhances management accountability. Promotes long term shareholder returns. Board Oversight of Strategy and Risk Management. The Board reviews the Company s strategic plan periodically and holds at least one meeting per year primarily dedicated to strategy. The Board also has ultimate responsibility for risk oversight and exercises its risk oversight responsibility at both the Board and committee level. Enhances management accountability as the Company s goals and executive compensation design are tied to a number of metrics critical to achieving the strategic plan and promoting long term shareholder returns. At Board meetings held throughout the year, the Board and management track progress against the strategic plan s goals, consider impacts due to changing circumstances in the industry and the economic environment, and monitor strategic and operational risks. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 35 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Onboarding and Education DIRECTOR ONBOARDING AND EDUCATION We provide new directors with a substantive onboarding program. They meet with numerous Company executives to learn about different aspects of Company operations, and they are invited to attend various Board committee meetings. Once new directors are appointed to committees, they meet with Company officers who support those committees. During their service, directors have opportunities to meet and talk with our employees during visits to Company facilities and during our Board and committee meetings. During 2025, directors toured the Twin Falls, Idaho Plant. During the visit, the Board met with employees and participated in a market visit. We also regularly conduct voluntary educational sessions for directors on a variety of topics relevant to the Company. In 2025, these sessions focused on b rands and food policy developments. In addition, the Company supports director participation in continuing education programs and reimburses directors for reasonable costs associated with attendance. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE The Board has a fiduciary duty to act as it believes to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, including determining the leadership structure that will best serve those interests. The By Laws provide the Board flexibility in determining its leadership structure. Within this framework, the Board determines the most appropriate leadership structure at a given time in light of the Company s needs and circumstances, as described more fully below. The Board may determine that the CEO should also serve as Chair, and if it does so, the independent directors appoint a Lead Independent Director with broad and substantive duties and responsibilities that have considerable overlap with those of an independent Board Chair. The Lead Independent Director engages in planning and approving meeting schedules and agendas, including the review of briefing materials, and has the power to call meetings of the independent directors or the Board. As part of the Board s regular agenda, the Lead Independent Director presides over executive sessions of the independent directors without the participation of the Chair and CEO. The Lead Independent Director also serves as a direct point of contact for shareholders and, since our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, led engagements with investors holding approximately 22% of our outstanding shares. The Lead Independent Director also frequently confers with the other independent directors on various Board and Company matters. In addition, the independent directors may assign, and from time to time have assigned, to the Lead Independent Director any additional duties over and above these fixed responsibilities as they deem appropriate. In considering which leadership structure will allow it to carry out its responsibilities most effectively and best represent shareholders interests, the Board takes into account various factors. Among them are our specific business needs, our operating and financial performance, industry conditions, economic and regulatory environments, the results of Board and committee annual self assessments, the advantages and disadvantages of alternative leadership structures based on circumstances at that time, shareholder input, and our corporate governance practices. The Board recognizes the importance of the Company s leadership structure to our shareholders and considers input on the topic obtained through robust shareholder engagement. The Board believes that our shareholders benefit most when the Board has the flexibility and discretion to make decisions about the appropriate leadership structure for the Company in light of the Company s needs and circumstances. At this time, the Board believes the current leadership structure continues to be appropriate for the Company and our shareholders. 36 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Onboarding and Education THE BOARD S CURRENT LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE PROVIDES INDEPENDENT LEADERSHIP AND MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT Our Board is led by Mr. Van de Put, the Chair and CEO, together with Mr. Siewert, our Lead Independent Director. Each Board committee is composed entirely of, and is chaired by, independent directors, and each committee has a clearly defined area of oversight regarding key risks and Company functions. This leadership structure enhances the Board s oversight of material risks because our Chair and CEO is uniquely positioned to identify emerging risks while our Lead Independent Director and Committee Chairs provide independent oversight of the Company s risk management programs. Other than Mr. Van de Put, the Board is composed entirely of independent directors and each of them has access to the CEO and other company executives. Mr. Van de Put and Mr. Siewert work closely together. The Board believes that they, together with our Committee Chairs, provide appropriate Board leadership and oversight of the Company while facilitating effective and efficient functioning of both the Board and management. Under Mr. Van de Put s leadership and the Board s oversight, we have delivered strong total shareholder returns, outpacing many of our peers, and we have made sustained progress against our sustainability goals. MR. SIEWERT Lead Independent Director since 2022 MR. VAN DE PUT Chair since 2018 The Board carefully considers, at least annually, its leadership structure, including whether the role of Chair should be a non executive position or combined with that of the CEO. The Board has concluded that combining these roles results in significant benefits for the Company and our shareholders, and best positions Mr. Van de Put to: promote shareholders interests and contribute to the Board s effectiveness and efficiency due to his deep knowledge of the Company, the food industry, and the competitive environment in which we operate; promote the alignment of our strategic and business plans; help ensure items of greatest importance for our global operations and risk management activities are brought to the attention of, and reviewed by, the Board on a timely basis; highlight important issues with the Board as they happen, as market dynamics change or as risks evolve, supporting appropriate oversight and discussion; lead the Board s discussion of the Company s critical business matters, including risk related matters and management s response; and enable the Board to stay abreast of the dynamic and rapidly evolving consumer and retail landscape in which the Company operates. The independent directors selected Mr. Siewert to lead our Board as Lead Independent Director because he has extensive leadership experience, including risk management and oversight, shaped through his experience as Chairman, Asia, of Restaurant Brands International and his years as a Senior Advisor and Managing Director and Partner for The Carlyle Group, Inc., his prior leadership roles at The Coca Cola Company and Eastman Kodak Company and his experience as lead director at Avery Dennison Corporation. Given his broad global and operational experience in the food, beverage, and consumer products industries, the Board believes Mr. Siewert is well positioned to: provide independent Board leadership and oversight, including with respect to business matters and risk management activities; facilitate effective information flow to directors and across committees, and promote active discussion and collaboration among the independent directors; serve as an effective liaison between the Board and management, as well as between the independent directors and the Chair and CEO; provide candid, constructive, and independent feedback to management, including regarding Board concerns and information needs; and actively engage in shareholder outreach. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 37 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Onboarding and Education LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Board created the Lead Independent Director position to, among other things, provide strong leadership of the Board s affairs on behalf of shareholders, increase the Board s effectiveness, promote open communication among the independent directors, and serve as the principal liaison between the Chair and the other independent directors. The independent directors annually select the Lead Independent Director for a one year term. The current Board structure has been discussed with shareholders and their feedback has been taken into consideration with respect to the Lead Independent Director role. The Lead Independent Director has significant authority and responsibilities that protect Company and shareholder interests by promoting strong management oversight and accountability. Under the Guidelines, the Lead Independent Director, in consultation with the other independent directors, has the following substantive duties and responsibilities: serve as liaison between the independent directors and the Chair and CEO; seek input from the independent directors and advise the Chair and CEO as to an appropriate annual schedule of, and major agenda topics and content of related briefing materials for, regular Board meetings; review and approve meeting agendas as well as the content of Board briefing materials and may add agenda items in his or her discretion; review and approve the allocation of time for the Board and committee meetings; preside at Board meetings at which the Chair is not present and preside at executive sessions of the independent directors; call meetings of the independent directors or of the Board; facilitate effective communication and interaction between the Board and management; serves as an alternate member of such Board committees as designated by the Board ; conduct the annual Board, committee, and individual director self evaluation process in coordination with the Governance Committee; work with the Governance Committee to develop recommendations for committee structure, membership, rotations, and committee chairs; and perform such other duties as the Board may delegate, and has from time to time delegated, to the Lead Independent Director. In addition, our Guidelines provide that management generally should communicate about the Company with shareholders and other constituencies. From time to time, the Lead Independent Director meets with or communicates with various constituencies of the Company, generally after consultation with management. The Lead Independent Director also is available for consultation and direct communication with the Company s shareholders. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE ALL DIRECTORS ARE INDEPENDENT EXCEPT FOR OUR CHAIR AND CEO The Guidelines require that at least 80% of our directors meet the Nasdaq listing standards independence requirements. A director is considered independent if the Board affirmatively determines, after reviewing all relevant information, that the director has no relationship with Mondel z International or any of its subsidiaries that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Based on that criterion, the Board determined that Ertharin Cousin, Cees 't Hart, Nancy McKinstry, Brian J. McNamara, Jorge S. Mesquita, Jane Hamilton Nielsen, Paula A. Price, Patrick T. Siewert, and Michael A. Todman are all independent. Mr. Van de Put is not independent because he is a Mondel z International employee. In addition, the Board previously determined that Charles E. Bunch and Anindita Mukherjee were independent during the time that they served as directors during fiscal 2025. 38 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Oversight of Strategy BOARD OVERSIGHT OF STRATEGY Oversight of our business strategy is one of our Board s key responsibilities. The Board believes that overseeing and monitoring strategy is a continuous process. The Board has at least one meeting each year primarily dedicated to strategy where it meets with management to discuss, understand, and challenge our strategic plan s short- and long-term objectives. At Board meetings held throughout the year, the Board and management track progress against the strategic plan s goals, consider impacts due to changing circumstances in the industry and the economic environment, and monitor strategic and operational risks. Throughout the strategic review that led to the development of our growth strategy, the Board and management team worked in close coordination to craft a consumer-centric strategy that leverages our Company s unique strengths in the snacking market to accelerate growth. Our long-term growth strategy focuses on four strategic pillars: Growth, Execution, Culture, and Sustainability. Our Board, with recommendations from the Finance Committee, oversees the alignment of our capital allocation priorities with our long-term strategy. The Board oversees our capital allocation process and annually reviews our capital deployment budget, with the goal of balancing investment in growth and returning cash to shareholders. We continue to demonstrate this balance through our investments in capital expenditures, mergers and acquisitions, and research and development paired with dividend growth and share repurchases. Our Board also oversees our cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, sustainability-related risks , strategy, progress and alignment with purpose, stakeholder interests, and strategic risks and opportunities, and reviews progress and challenges on evolving our growth culture and our human capital management goals. For more information, see Our Distinctive Approach to Environmental and Social Issues, which begins on page 56 . BOARD OVERSIGHT OF RISK MANAGEMENT Our business faces various risks, including strategic, financial, operational, sustainability, reputational, legal, and compliance risks. Identifying, managing, and mitigating our exposure to these risks, along with effectively overseeing such matters, are activities critical to our operational decision-making and annual planning processes. The Board has ultimate responsibility for risk oversight. Each of our director nominees has experience managing or overseeing enterprise risk management ( ERM ) processes, either through operating or other professional experience, or through public company board experience, and leverages that experience. Management is responsible for the day-to-day assessment, management, and mitigation of risk subject to the Board s guidance and oversight. The Board exercises its risk oversight responsibility throughout the year at both the Board level and through its standing committees, which are comprised solely of independent directors. The Board has delegated primary responsibility for overseeing enterprise risk assessment and the ERM process to the Audit Committee. Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee regularly, and at least annually, reviews and discusses our ERM process and the assessment and mitigation of those risks. At the Board s request, the Governance Committee periodically assesses enterprise risk and other topics scheduled for review and discussion by the Board and committees and recommends focus areas and role clarity between the Board and committees to support effective risk oversight. The Board and/or the relevant committees also consider management of specific enterprise risk topics in connection with the ERM process. For example, the Board, in coordination with the Audit Committee, oversees the management of enterprise risks arising from cybersecurity threats. Our Board has delegated the primary responsibility to oversee cybersecurity matters to the Audit Committee. Both the Board and the Audit Committee periodically review the measures we have implemented to identify and mitigate data protection and cybersecurity risks. As part of such reviews, our Board and Audit Committee receive periodic reports and presentations from members of the team responsible for overseeing cybersecurity risk management, including our Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ), which may address a wide range of topics including recent developments, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, technological trends, and information security considerations arising 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 39 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Oversight of Risk Management with respect to our peers and third parties. Members of our Management Leadership Team also report to the Board more frequently than annually on data protection and current internal and external developments in cybersecurity, as part of the Board s enterprise risk management review, and the Board receives reports of Audit Committee discussions regarding its oversight of cybersecurity risk. We have protocols by which certain cybersecurity incidents that meet established reporting thresholds are escalated internally and, where appropriate, reported to the Audit Committee or the Board in a timely manner. Our committees oversee risks within their respective areas of accountability and report back to the Board. During 2025, the Board and committees reviewed and assessed risks related to our business and operations as shown below: THE BOARD Strategy Operations Revenue growth management and pricing strategy Commodity cost pressures and volatility, including cocoa Transformation change management and supply chain excellence Environmental and social sustainability Food safety Well-being Human Capital Management, including talent management, succession planning and culture, and employee engagement Geopolitical tensions Enterprise digital transformation Tariffs COMMITTEES AUDIT Financial statements Financial reporting and internal control processes Accounting matters Legal, compliance, and regulatory matters Business continuity/ disaster recovery Supply chain resilience Artificial Intelligence, cybersecurity and data protection Financial risk management Health, safety, and environmental matters Sustainability disclosure processes GOVERNANCE, MEMBERSHIP, AND SUSTAINABILITY Governance practices Board organization, membership, and structure Related person transactions Well-being Environmental and social sustainability Public policy, including food policy and regulation Mondel z International s public image and reputation Political activities and contributions PEOPLE AND COMPENSATION Executive compensation policies and practices Succession planning People policies, practices, strategy, talent management and culture, and employee engagement Workplace compliance For a discussion about risk oversight relating to the compensation programs, see How the PCC Manages Compensation-Related Risk on page 82 . FINANCE Capital structure Financial strategies Strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures Interest rate exposure Enterprise funding and liquidity Management has robust internal processes and controls owned by global enterprise risk owners that facilitate the identification, assessment, prioritization, mitigation, monitoring, and validation of material short-, intermediate-, and long-term risks. Our global enterprise risk owners regularly engage outside advisors, where appropriate, to assist in the identification and evaluation of risks. We have a Risk and Compliance Committee, co-facilitated by our SVP, Global Chief Ethics Compliance Officer ( Chief Ethics Compliance Officer ) and SVP, Chief Audit Controls Officer ( Chief Audit Controls Officer ) and composed of e xecutive leaders from the Finance, Accounting, Legal, Compliance, Internal Audit, and People functions, which provides broad oversight of our key enterprise risk mitigation plans and ERM process. The Risk and Compliance Committee periodically reviews the key enterprise risk updates and meets with global enterprise risk owners responsible for managing the risk, and mitigation actions and the status of the annual enterprise risk assessment. 40 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Oversight of Risk Management Our Chief Ethics Compliance Officer and Chief Audit Controls Officer regularly report to the Audit Committee to provide updates on the status of the ERM process, and the Board receives reports of Audit Committee discussions regarding its oversight of the ERM process. The global enterprise risk owners provide periodic updates to the Board and/or the relevant committees on the top key enterprise risks. Global risk owners also engage with B U and regional risk owners to collect insights, achieve learnings across regions, and strengthen risk mitigation plans. Our ERM process also facilitates open communication between management and the Board, which helps the Board s and committees understanding of key risks to our business and performance and the functioning of our risk management process, including who participates in the process and the information gathered in the assessment. Management regularly provides reports to the Board or the appropriate committee on key risks and the actions management has taken to monitor, control, and mitigate these risks. Members of management responsible for overseeing specific risks attend Board and committee meetings throughout the year to discuss these reports and provide any updates. The committees also report key risk discussions to the Board following their meetings. Board members may further discuss the risk management process and/or any enterprise risks directly with members of management. The Lead Independent Director also regularly meets with the other independent directors without management present to discuss current and emerging risks, among other topics. The Company also believes that our Board leadership structure supports the Board s risk oversight function. The Chair and CEO, in consultation with the Lead Independent Director and Committee Chairs, help ensure items of greatest importance for the business, including significant emerging risks, are brought to the attention of, and reviewed by, the Board on a timely basis, supporting appropriate oversight and discussion. For more information, see Board Leadership Structure, which begins on page 35 . 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 41 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Oversight of Human Capital Management and Corporate Culture BOARD OVERSIGHT OF HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AND CORPORATE CULTURE HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Our Board is actively engaged in overseeing human capital management throughout the organization and recognizes that the strength of our workforce is one of the significant contributors to our success as a purpose-led, global company. Our employees contribute to our success and help us drive strong financial performance. Attracting, developing, and retaining global talent with the right skills to drive our business is central to our purpose, mission, and long-term growth strategy. The PCC is responsible for oversight of organizational engagement and effectiveness and regularly reviews human resources policies and practices, talent sourcing strategies, employee development programs, succession plans, and workplace compliance matters. Talent Management and Development The PCC focuses on plans for developing our talent into future leaders, as we believe that a diverse workforce with a range of experiences and perspectives is a significant driver of sustainable innovation and growth. We have several initiatives designed to provide potential future leaders with the experience and exposure needed to succeed at the highest levels of our Company. Specifically, we promote employee development by reviewing strategic positions regularly and identifying potential internal candidates to fill those roles, evaluating job skill sets to identify competency gaps, and creating developmental plans to facilitate employee professional growth. We invest in our employees through training and development programs, on-the-job experiences, and coaching, as well as tuition reimbursement for a majority of our employees in the United States to promote professional growth. We understand the importance of maintaining competitive compensation and benefits, and providing appropriate training so employees can learn and have opportunities to pursue their career interests with the Company. Additionally, the Board is involved and aligned with management, including our Mondel z Leadership Team, on initiatives that promote an inclusive workplace. Workplace Safety and Wellness The Audit Committee oversees our health and safety performance and reviews with management our health and safety priorities and initiatives. To promote a strong culture of health and safety and prioritize keeping a healthy and safe working environment, we employ comprehensive health, safety, and environment management policies and standards throughout the organization. In addition, we strive to continuously improve our work processes, tools, and metrics to mitigate and prevent workplace injuries and enhance the health and safety of our employees, both in and out of the workplace. We remain committed to providing a modern and flexible approach to how and where we work. Our hybrid work model way of working allows office-based employees to engage with colleagues, customers, and suppliers in-person on a regular basis while also leveraging innovative technology to optimize collaboration across geographically dispersed teams. The Right You is our global cross-functional initiative empowering our team members to thrive both at work and at home. The Right You is a globally integrated, holistic approach to employee well-being that provides employees with resources, tools, social support, privacy, an employee assistance program, and strategies to adopt and maintain healthy behaviors and supports awareness of available resources for employees. 42 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Oversight of Human Capital Management and Corporate Culture MANAGEMENT SUCCESSION PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT Succession planning for senior management positions, which facilitates continuity of leadership over the long term, is critical to our success and important at all levels within our organization. Our Board s involvement in leadership development and succession planning is systematic, strategic, and ongoing. The PCC oversees the development and retention of senior management talent while also developing a long-term succession and development plan for our CEO. The Board has contingency plans for emergencies such as the death or disability of the CEO. The PCC, together with the CEO and Chief People Officer, regularly reviews senior management talent, including readiness to take on additional leadership roles and developmental opportunities needed to prepare leaders for greater responsibilities. The CEO also provides a regular review to the PCC of the executive leadership team. While the PCC has the primary responsibility to develop succession plans for the CEO position, it annually reports to the Board and decisions are made with input from the Board. Potential leaders interact with Board members through formal presentations, in-market reviews, and informal settings. CORPORATE CULTURE Our Board believes that a positive corporate culture is vitally important to our success. Accordingly, the Board oversees the implementation of practices and policies to maintain a positive and engaging work environment for our team members. Our global compliance and integrity program guides our employees to act with integrity and make ethical decisions while conducting business around the world, and our Board members are provided direct access to our employees. Directors have engaged with employees in person through activities such as walking the floors of our offices and participating in small group discussions, plant and in-market visits, and receptions. These visits help directors assess our culture and interact with employees outside the senior management team. Each year, the Board reviews our global employee engagement survey results. The survey provides rich data for our leaders and a useful way to compare Mondel z International to other companies. This information helps us create action plans at global, regional, functional, and managerial levels. For additional details on our talent management and development culture, employee engagement, and workplace safety and wellness, please see the Human Capital section of our 2025 Form 10-K and our Snacking Made Right report. MEETING ATTENDANCE Directors are expected to attend all Board meetings, the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and all meetings of the committees on which they serve. We understand, however, that occasionally a director may be unable to attend a meeting due to conflicts or unforeseen circumstances . The Board held seven meetings during 2025. During 2025, each incumbent director attended at least 96% of the combined Board meetings and meetings of committees of which he or she was a member. Ten of the 11 directors then serving attended the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, including each incumbent director standing for re-election at the annual meeting. INSIDER TRADING POLICY We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures that govern the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers, employees, and contractors, as well as by the Company itself. We believe these policies and procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and applicable listing standards. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our 2025 Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 4, 2026. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 43 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Codes of Conduct CODES OF CONDUCT CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Non-Employee Directors that is designed to foster a culture of honesty and integrity, focus on areas of ethical risk, guide non-employee directors in recognizing and handling ethical issues, and provide mechanisms to report unethical conduct. Annually, all non-employee directors must acknowledge in writing that they have received, reviewed, and understand the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Non-Employee Directors. EMPLOYEE CODE OF CONDUCT We have adopted the Mondel z International Code of Conduct (the Code of Conduct ) for all our employees, which reflects our values and contains important rules for conducting our business. The Code of Conduct is part of our global compliance and integrity program, which provides training throughout the Company and encourages reporting of potential wrongdoing through anonymous reporting options and a publicized non-retaliation policy. The Chief Ethics Compliance Officer provides an annual report to the Audit Committee on the overall implementation and effectiveness of Mondel z International s Compliance program and provides quarterly updates to the Audit Committee on Code of Conduct compliance, investigation trends, and training activities. The Chief Ethics Compliance Officer also provides an annual report to the PCC on workplace compliance-related matters. The Chief Ethics Compliance Officer reports to the EVP, Corporate Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary and has the authority to communicate directly with the Audit Committee regarding alleged or actual violations, if any, of the Code of Conduct. WHERE TO FIND MORE INFORMATION To learn more about our corporate governance practices, you can access the corporate governance documents listed below at www.mondelezinternational.com/investors/corporate-governance . We will also provide copies of any of these documents to shareholders upon written request to the Corporate Secretary. Arti