=== MDLZ_2026-02-04.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully read the following discussion of significant factors, events and uncertainties when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, these risk factors do not identify all the risks we face, and there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be significant that may have a material adverse effect on our business, performance or financial condition in the future. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. In addition to the effects of ongoing macroeconomic volatility and uncertainty, including current and potential trade and tariff actions affecting the countries where we operate and resulting impacts on our business and operations discussed in Item 7 of this Form 10-K and in the risk factors below, additional or unforeseen effects from these actions may give rise to or amplify many of these risks discussed below. Strategic and Operational Risks Commodity and other input prices are volatile and may increase or decrease significantly or availability of commodities may become constrained. We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including cocoa, dairy, wheat, edible oils, sugar and other sweeteners, flavoring agents and nuts. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of product packaging materials, natural gas, fuel and electricity for our factories and warehouses, and we also incur expenses in connection with labor and the transportation and delivery of our products. Costs of raw materials, energy and other supplies and services are volatile and fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict. These conditions include global competition for resources; tariffs or other trade barriers; currency fluctuations; geopolitical conditions or conflicts (including the ongoing war in Ukraine and international sanctions imposed on Russia for its invasion of Ukraine, conflicts in the Middle East, rising tensions between China and Taiwan and recent geopolitical developments in Venezuela); inflationary pressures related to domestic and global economic conditions or supply chain issues; transportation and labor disruptions; government intervention to introduce living income premiums or similar requirements; changes in environmental or trade policy and regulations, alternative energy and agricultural programs; severe weather; agricultural productivity; animal and crop disease or pests; water risk; health pandemics; forest fires and other natural disasters; acts of terrorism; geopolitical regional conflicts; cybersecurity incidents; supplier capacity; and consumer or industrial demand. During 2025, price volatility and higher aggregate costs were driven by a confluence of factors: soaring commodity prices (especially for cocoa beans), disrupted international supply chains, labor market challenges and increased transportation and labor costs. For additional information, refer to Item 7, Commodity Trends . Many of these conditions are or could be exacerbated or worsened by climate change. Increased government intervention and consumer or activist responses caused by increased focus on climate change, deforestation, water, plastic waste, animal welfare and human rights concerns and other risks associated with the global food system could adversely affect our or our suppliers’ reputation and business and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business. Some commodities are grown by smallholder farmers who might not be able to invest to increase productivity or adapt to changing conditions. Our efforts to monitor our exposure to commodity prices and hedge against price increases cannot fully protect us from changes in input costs, including due to factors like changing import duties and tariffs, market illiquidity, specific local regulations and downstream costs. Thus, our hedging strategies have not always protected and will not in the future always protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. Continued volatility in the prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase or changes in the types of commodities we purchase as we continue to evolve our product and packaging portfolio could increase or decrease the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer as a result. Moreover, increases in the price of our products, including increases to cover inflation and higher input, packaging and transportation costs, may result in lower sales volumes or customer delistings, while decreases in input costs could require us to lower our prices and thereby affect our revenues, profits or margins. Likewise, constraints in the supply or availability of key commodities and necessary services like 12 Table of Contents transportation may limit our ability to grow our net revenues and earnings. If our mitigation activities are not effective, if we are unable to price to cover increased costs (including if we are delayed in our ability to raise prices or unable to raise the prices of our products enough to keep up with the rate of inflation), if we must reduce our prices, if increased prices affect demand for our products (including if consumers forego purchasing certain of our products or switch to “private label” or lower-priced product offerings), if we change the recipes of some of our product offerings, or if we are limited by supply or distribution constraints, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, reputation and stock price can be materially adversely affected. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including potential cost impacts of any tariffs that may be enacted by governments as well as other trade and regulatory uncertainty. We are a global company and generated 75.8% of our 2025 net revenues, 74.0% of our 2024 net revenues and 73.4% of our 2023 net revenues outside the United States. We market our products in over 150 countries and have operations in approximately 80 countries. Therefore, we are subject to risks inherent in global operations. Those risks include: • the imposition of increased or new tariffs, sanctions, export controls, quotas, trade barriers, labor reforms, price floors or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities like cocoa, potential changes in U.S. trade programs and trade relations with other countries, restrictions on cross-border data transfers, or regulations, taxes or policies that affect our operations, sales or profitability. Also refer to “ We are subject to risks from changes to the trade policies and tariff and import/export regulations by the U.S. and/or other foreign government s”; • changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of inflation (and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation), volatile commodity prices, the ongoing longer-term impact of changes in international trade policies and increases in the cost of raw and packaging materials, labor, energy and transportation; • compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”); • compliance with antitrust and competition laws, trade laws, data privacy laws, anti-bribery laws, human rights laws, new regulations intended to address increasing global concerns around forced labor, and a variety of other local, national and multinational regulations and laws in multiple regimes; • currency devaluations or fluctuations in currency values, including in developed and emerging markets. This includes events like applying highly inflationary accounting as we did for our Argentinean subsidiaries beginning in the third quarter of 2018, Türkiye beginning in the second quarter of 2022 and both Egypt and Nigeria beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024; • changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls, government currency policies or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished products into various countries or repatriate cash from outside the United States; • increased sovereign risk, such as defaults by or deterioration in the economies and credit ratings of governments, particularly in emerging markets; • changes or inconsistencies in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources; • varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights; • discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies; • greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles; and • design, implementation and use of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base. In addition, increased political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, government shutdowns, product boycotts, travel or immigration restrictions, tariffs and other trade restrictions, public health risks or pandemics, energy policy or restrictions, public corruption, expropriation and other economic or political uncertainties, including inaccuracies in our assumptions about these factors, could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. High unemployment or the slowdown in economic growth in some markets could constrain consumer spending. Declining consumer purchasing power could result in loss of market share and adversely impact our profitability. The nature and degree of the various risks we face can also differ significantly among our regions and businesses. 13 Table of Contents We are subject to risks from changes to the trade policies and tariff and import/export regulations by the U.S. and/or other foreign governments. Changes in the import and export policies, including trade restrictions, new or increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, sanctions and countersanctions, safeguards or customs restrictions by the U.S. and/or other foreign governments, could require us to change the way we conduct business and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, reputation and our relationships with customers, suppliers and employees in the short or long term. Likewise, changes in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories or countries where we currently sell our products or conduct our business could adversely affect our business. As of January 2026, the U.S. maintains higher tariffs on imported goods (finished products and inputs) from many trading partners as compared to prior years. Some of these tariffs have increased our costs for finished products, as well as some ingredients and packaging used to produce and distribute our products. In some cases, U.S. tariff policy has also resulted in retaliatory measures on U.S. goods entering foreign markets. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as negotiations between the U.S. and affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions or exclusions that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply, and demand for our products in affected markets. Further, actions we take to adapt to new tariffs or trade restrictions may cause us to modify our operations or forgo business opportunities. For additional information, refer to Business Trends – Trade and Regulatory Uncertainty under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The war in Ukraine has impacted and could continue to impact our business operations, financial performance and results of operations. The war in Ukraine has impacted and could continue to impact our business operations, financial performance and results of operations (as discussed below in Recent Developments and Significant Items Affecting Comparability – War in Ukraine under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ). The scope and duration of the war in Ukraine is uncertain and rapidly changing, and we are unable to predict the full extent to which the war in Ukraine will impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations and stock price in the future. We have discontinued new capital investments and suspended our advertising spending in Russia. As the business and geopolitical environment continues to change, our operations and activity in Russia, which accounted for 3.7% of 2025 consolidated net revenues, and/or Ukraine, which accounted for 0.4% of 2025 consolidated net revenues, may decline or be further scaled back. International sanctions, export controls and other measures, including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from Russia, that have been imposed on Russian entities, make it more difficult to operate in Russia, and failure to comply with applicable sanctions and measures could subject us to regulatory penalties and reputational risk. The war could also result in the temporary or permanent loss of assets due to expropriation or further curtailment of our ability to conduct business operations in Russia, and our Russian assets may become partially or fully impaired, or our operations may be deconsolidated in future periods, or our business operations terminated. In addition, our operations may be subject to increased disruptions to our information systems, including through network failures, malicious or disruptive software or cyberattacks by hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations. There is a possibility of loss of life and physical damage and destruction of property. We may not be able to operate in certain areas due to damage and safety concerns. We might also face questions or negative scrutiny from stakeholders about our operations in Russia despite our role as a food company and our public statements about Ukraine and Russia. The war in Ukraine has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty. The war continues to disrupt commodity markets, including for wheat, energy and energy-related commodities, and continues to contribute to supply chain disruption and inflation. Other ongoing consequences of the war have included increased volatility of input prices, including for packaging materials, energy, commodities, other raw materials, labor and transportation; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; increased exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, including volatility of the Russian ruble; constraints, volatility or disruptions in the credit and capital markets; increased costs to ensure compliance with global and local laws and regulations; difficulty protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights; and heightened risk to employee safety including health and safety risks related to securing and maintaining facilities. We expect continued volatility with respect to commodity and other input prices, and our hedging activities might not sufficiently offset this volatility. 14 Table of Contents These and other impacts of the war in Ukraine could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the risk factors presented in this filing, including those relating to our reputation, brands, product sales, sanctions, trade relations in countries in which we operate, input price inflation and volatility, results of operations and financial condition. We might not be able to predict or respond to all impacts on a timely basis to prevent near- or long-term adverse impacts to our results. We operate in a highly competitive industry where we face risks related to the execution of our strategy as well as our ability or willingness to respond, timely or otherwise, to channel shifts, pricing and other competitive pressures. The food and snacking industry is highly competitive. Our principal competitors are food, snack and beverage companies that operate globally, regionally and locally, and, in many markets, include retailers with their own branded and private label products. Failure to effectively respond to actions, innovations or other challenges from our competitors could adversely affect our business. Competitor and customer pressures require that we timely and effectively respond to changes in relevant markets, including changes to distribution channels and technological developments. These pressures could affect our prices, including our ability to price in response to commodity and other cost increases. Our ability to succeed depends on our ability to adapt to changing market conditions, which includes identifying and responding to new or developing trends, technological advancements (including advancements such as artificial intelligence, machine learning and augmented reality) which are increasingly important for understanding evolving consumer preferences. Our ability to adjust distribution methods and pricing, including adapting to fluctuating inflation, new or increased tariffs, taxes and/or trade barriers, economic conditions and recessions, as well as implementing effective trade incentives is also critical to advancing our priorities. Failure in these areas could negatively impact availability of or demand for our products, our operating results, achievement of our strategic and financial goals and our ability to capitalize on new revenue or value-producing opportunities. The rapid growth of some channels, such as discounters and digital commerce, may impact our current operations or strategies more quickly than we planned for, create consumer price deflation, alter the buying behavior of consumers or disrupt our retail customer relationships. We may need to increase or reallocate spending on existing and new distribution channels and technologies, marketing, advertising and new product innovation to maintain or increase revenues, market share and brand significance. These expenditures may not be successful, including those related to our digital commerce and other technology-focused efforts, and might not result in trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We will be disadvantaged if we are not able to effectively leverage developing online channels such as direct-to-consumer and electronic business-to-business commerce. New distribution channels, as well as growing opportunities to utilize external manufacturers, lower the barriers to entry and allow smaller competitors to gain market share more effectively. Additionally, if we adjust pricing but cannot maintain or increase sales volumes, or our labor or other costs increase but we cannot increase prices to offset those changes, our financial condition and results of operations will suffer. Further, our ability to compete may be limited by an inability to secure new retailers or maintain or add shelf and/or retail space for our products. There can be no assurance that retailers will provide sufficient, or any, shelf space, nor that online retailers will provide online access to, or adequate product visibility on, their platform. Unattractive placement or pricing may put our products at a disadvantage compared to those of our competitors. Even if we obtain shelf space or preferable shelf placement, our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales or pricing expectations set by our retailers, potentially causing these retailers to remove our products from their shelves. Promoting and protecting our reputation and brand image is essential to our business success. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands, expand within and to new geographies and new distribution platforms such as digital commerce, and evolve our portfolio with new product offerings that meet consumer needs and expectations. We seek to strengthen our brands through investments in our product quality, product renovation, innovation and marketing investments, including consumer-relevant advertising, digital communication and consumer promotions. Actual or perceived failure to effectively address the continuing global focus on well-being, including changing consumer acceptance of certain ingredients, industrial manufacturing and processing, nutritional expectations of our products, the sustainability of our ingredients, our supply chain (including human rights, deforestation, and animal welfare issues) and our packaging (including plastic packaging and its 15 Table of Contents ability to be recycled and other environmental impacts) could adversely affect our brands. Increased negative attention from the media, academics and online influencers, governments, shareholders and other stakeholders in these areas as well as on the role of food marketing, our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events, and other environmental, social, human capital or governance practices could adversely affect our brand image. Undue caution or our failure to react timely in addressing these challenges and trends could weaken our competitive position. Such pressures could also lead to stricter regulations, industry self-regulation that is unevenly adopted among companies, increased transparency in public disclosures, and increased focus on food and snacking, including marketing and labeling practices. Increasing and disparate legal or regulatory restrictions on our labeling, advertising and consumer promotions, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend and expand our brands. This includes regulations such as front-of-pack labeling and selective food taxes in multiple jurisdictions as well as age-based or location-based restrictions on sales of products with certain nutritional profiles. Moreover, adverse publicity, regulatory developments or legal action against us, our employees, licensees, or other actors in our supply chain related to product quality and safety, where and how we manufacture our products, environmental concerns including climate change and waste management, human and workplace rights across our supply chain, alleged health implications of certain food products or processing methods, labor relations, or antitrust, anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance could damage our reputation and brand health. Such actions could undermine our customers’ and shareholders’ confidence and reduce demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or these matters are immaterial to our operations. Our product sponsorship relationships, including those with celebrity spokespersons, influencers or group affiliations, could also subject us to negative publicity. In addition, our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand image depends on our ability to anticipate change and adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on established and emerging social media and online platforms, digital and mobile dissemination of marketing and advertising campaigns, targeted marketing and the increasing accessibility and speed of dissemination of information. A variety of legal and regulatory restrictions as well as our own policies and participation in industry self-regulation initiatives limit how and to whom we market our products. These restrictions may limit our brand renovation, innovation, marketing and promotion plans, particularly as social media and the communications environment continue to evolve. The social media platforms we use to market our products may change their marketing rules or algorithms or may fall out of favor with certain consumer groups, and we may fail to effectively adapt our marketing strategies or may decide to no longer utilize certain platforms for marketing. We might also fail to sufficiently evolve our digital marketing efforts to effectively utilize consumer data. Negative posts or comments about Mondelēz International, our brands or our employees on social media or web sites (whether factual or not) or security breaches related to the use of our social media accounts and failure to respond effectively to these posts, comments or activities could damage our reputation and brand image across the various regions in which we operate. Placement of our advertisements in social media may also result in damage to our brands if the media itself experiences negative publicity. Our brands may also be associated with or appear alongside harmful content including outputs from generative artificial intelligence models. In addition, we might fail to invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending and expanding our brands, our marketing efforts might not achieve desired results and we might be required to recognize impairment charges on our brands or related intangible assets or goodwill. Third parties may sell counterfeit or imitation versions of our products that are inferior or pose safety risks. When consumers confuse these counterfeit products for our products or have a bad experience with the counterfeit brand, they might refrain from purchasing our brands in the future, which could harm our brand image and sales. Third parties might also improperly use our brands as part of phishing or other scams, which could negatively affect our brand image. We must correctly predict, identify, interpret and meet changes in consumer preferences and demand and offer new and improved products that meet those changes. Consumer preferences for food and snacking products change continually. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify, interpret and meet the tastes, dietary habits, packaging, sales channel and other preferences of consumers around the world and to offer products that appeal to these preferences in the places and ways consumers want to shop. There may be further shifts in the relative size of shopping channels in addition to the increasing role of digital tools (including artificial intelligence and machine learning) and commerce for consumers. Our success relies upon managing this complexity to promote and bring our products to consumers effectively. Weak economic conditions, recessions, inflation, new or increased food regulation, taxes, tariffs and/or trade barriers, equity market volatility or other factors, such as global or local pandemics, geopolitical tensions, public boycotts, uncertainty regarding the availability of certain governmental subsidies available to our consumers (such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program in the U.S.), severe or unusual weather events, and our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events, may affect consumer preferences and demand in 16 Table of Contents ways that are hard to predict. Failure to offer, effectively promote and deliver products that appeal to consumers or to correctly judge consumer demand for our products will impact our ability to meet our growth targets, and our sales and market share could decrease and our profitability could suffer. We must distinguish between short-term fads and trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. Our sales can be adversely affected when we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences or category trends will be long term or we fail to introduce new and evolved products to satisfy changing preferences. In addition, because of our varied and geographically diverse consumer base, we must be responsive to local consumer preferences, including with respect to when and how consumers snack and their desire for premium or value offerings. We must also provide an array of product formats, pack sizes and price points that satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences and use marketing and advertising effectively to reach consumers at the right time with the right message. Increasing and disparate statutory or regulatory restrictions on our ingredients, labeling, advertising and consumer promotions, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to offer and deliver products that appeal to consumers. Likewise, new or increased tariffs, taxes and/or trade barriers and our response to these tariffs and/or trade barriers could limit our ability to offer and deliver our products on a cost-effective basis. Demand for our products could decrease and our profitability could suffer if we fail to expand and promote our product offerings successfully across product categories, rapidly develop products in faster growing and more profitable categories or reach consumers in efficient and effective ways leveraging data and analytics (including artificial intelligence and machine learning). Negative perceptions concerning the health, environmental and social implications of certain food products, ingredients, additives, preservatives, packaging materials, sourcing or production methods and other company practices could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. For example, consumers have increasingly focused on well-being, including by reducing their consumption o

=== MDLZ_2026-04-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. There were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. Our stock repurchase activity for each of the three months in the quarter ended March 31, 2026 was: Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) (3) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) (4) January 1-31, 2026 7,421 $ 54.25 — $ 6,702 February 1-28, 2026 215,174 61.44 — 6,702 March 1-31, 2026 233,989 59.67 — 6,702 For the Quarter Ended March 31, 2026 456,584 60.42 — (1) The total number of shares purchased (and the average price paid per share) reflects: (i) shares purchased pursuant to the repurchase program described in (2) below; and (ii) shares tendered to us by employees who used shares to exercise options and to pay the related taxes for grants of deferred stock that vested, totaling 7,421 shares, 215,174 shares and 233,989 shares for the months of January, February and March 2026, respectively. (2) Effective January 1, 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a program for the repurchase of up to $9.0 billion of our Common Stock through December 31, 2027, excluding excise taxes. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we did not repurchase any shares. As of March 31, 2026, we had approximately $6.7 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. See related information in Note 9, Shareholders' Equity . (3) Any excise tax incurred on share repurchases is recognized as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired. (4) Dollar values stated in millions. Item 5. Other Information. (c) Insider Trading Arrangements Our directors and executive officers may from time to time enter into plans or other arrangements for the purchase or sale of our shares that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5–1(c) or may represent a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement under the Exchange Act. During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, no such plans or other arrangements were adopted or terminated . 43 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description 10.1 364‑Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2026, by and among Mondelēz International, Inc., the lenders named therein, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 18 , 202 6 ) . 10.2 202 6 Form of Mondelēz International, Inc. 2024 Performance Incentive Plan Non-Qualified Global Stock Options Agreement .+ 10.3 202 6 Form of Mondelēz International, Inc. 2024 Performance Incentive Plan Global Long-Term Incentive Grant Agreement. + 10.4 202 6 Form of Mondelēz International, Inc. 2024 Performance Incentive Plan Global Deferred Stock Unit Agreement .+ 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from Mondelēz International’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 are formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) Part II, Item 5. 104 The cover page from Mondelēz International’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 44 Table of Contents Signature Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. MONDELĒZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. By: /s/ LUCA ZARAMELLA Luca Zaramella Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer) April 28, 2026 45 