=== DVN_2025-04-23.htm.gz ===
tm252204-5_nonfiling - none - 13.6875628s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS A Message to Our Stockholders From the Chair of the Board and President and CEO Dear Fellow Stockholders, Since its founding over fifty years ago, Devon has been a leader in developing solutions for the energy needs in the world. This requires a mindset that recognizes opportunities. This also requires a focus on our conviction that the world will continue to need affordable and reliable supplies of energy for the foreseeable future, including energy derived from our core business: the exploration and production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids. Over the past year, Devon completed a multi-year leadership transition process that positions the Company for new opportunities. Rick Muncrief a 45-year veteran and leader in the industry retired as President and CEO and as a member of the Board in March. Rick was a one-of-a-kind leader: His vision and technical acumen were instrumental in propelling our success following the transformational merger of Devon and WPX Energy in 2021. We are thankful for Rick s service as well as that of our retiring director, John Krenicki Jr. Throughout his seven years on the Board, John provided thoughtful and candid strategic advice. As anticipated, John Bethancourt became Board Chair in July. John succeeded Barbara Baumann who remains on the Board. In naming Clay Gaspar as Devon s new President and CEO and as a member of the Board, the Board recognized Clay s deep operational experience with Devon s assets, technical expertise, and preparedness to lead a complex organization like Devon. Clay is ready to build on the significant operational momentum generated in 2024 and lead the Company to new success. This Proxy Statement provides additional background on the Board s succession planning process that culminated in Clay s appointment. In 2024, Devon generated some of the best operational results in the Company s history. The Company averaged 848,000 oil-equivalent barrels per day in the fourth quarter, which represents a record level for the Company. Those outstanding results include the successful integration of the Willison Basin assets acquired from Grayson Mill Energy in September. The Company continues to be focused on stockholder returns and the new Willison Basin assets underscore that commitment: The transaction was immediately accretive to Devon s key per-share financial measures, including earnings, cash flow, free cash flow, and net asset value, and the Company announced an expansion of its stock-repurchase authorization by 67 percent to $5 billion through mid-year 2026. Devon subsequently raised its quarterly fixed dividend rate by 9 percent to $0.24 per share for the first quarter of 2025, which aligns with the Company s strategic priority of delivering value to stockholders through a sustainable, annually growing fixed dividend. Clay and the Board are aligned on the strategic priorities of the Company and the opportunity that a leadership transition creates for identifying new ways to drive future success. In January, the Company announced key updates to Devon s leadership team that reflect Clay s vision for the Company: Appointing our Senior Vice President, E P Asset Management, Senior Vice President, E P Operations, and Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer highlights Clay s emphasis on operational excellence and technological savvy. A duration-focused company must nourish the dual objectives embedded in those roles: Devon strives for constant operational improvement while continuing to innovate, develop, and embrace the technologies that will unlock even greater value for our stockholders. Our leadership team continues to prioritize our commitment to high-quality corporate governance and strategic decision-making practices that promote long-term value for our investors. We maintain an ongoing focus on risk management, including addressing matters related to the environment, the health, safety, and success of our people, and the vitality of the communities in which we operate. We invite you to review this Proxy Statement and the materials on our website to learn more about the values we adhere to and the positive impact we make. We are excited about Devon s future. We respectfully ask for your voting support for the items described in more detail in the materials that follow. Sincerely, John Bethancourt Independent Chair of the Board Clay Gaspar President and CEO TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date and Time Location Record Date Wednesday, June 4, 2025 8:00 a.m. (Central Time) Online at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DVN2025 Thursday, April 10, 2025 Meeting Agenda Stockholders will be asked to vote on the following matters at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting): Proposal Board Vote Recommendation Page Reference Item 1. Election of Directors Vote FOR each director nominee 7 Item 2. Ratify the selection of the independent auditor for 2025 Vote FOR 30 Item 3. Approve, in an advisory vote, executive compensation Vote FOR 35 Item 4. Consider and vote upon the stockholder proposal set forth in this Proxy Statement, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting Vote AGAINST 72 Your Vote Is Important We encourage you to vote your shares of Devon Energy Corporation common stock in any of the following ways: Online Before the meeting you may vote your shares through the Internet by following the directions on your proxy card. Internet voting is available 24 hours a day. To vote online, you will need the control number located on your proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Phone Call 1-800-690-6903 from a touch-tone phone and follow the voice instructions. To vote by phone, you will need the control number located on your proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Mail If you received a proxy card by mail, you can complete, sign, and date the form and return it by mail using the postage-paid envelope included in your package. At The Meeting Stockholders as of April 10, 2025, can vote at the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ DVN2025 . To vote at the meeting, you will need the control number included on your proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Online check-in will begin at 7:45 a.m. Central Time. If you are a non-registered stockholder, please refer to the information forwarded by your bank, broker, or other holder of record to see which voting methods are available to you to vote in advance of the meeting. TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS (cont.) Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be Held on June 4, 2025: Our 2025 Proxy Materials, including the 2025 Proxy Statement and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, are available at www.proxydocs.com/dvn. Each stockholder of record as of the close of business on April 10, 2025 (the record date) is entitled to receive notice of, attend, submit questions, and vote at the meeting. A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card is being mailed beginning on or about April 23, 2025, to each stockholder of record as of the record date. A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote during the Annual Meeting will be available to our stockholders during ordinary business hours for a period of 10 days prior to the Annual Meeting at our principal offices located at 333 W. Sheridan Ave., Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. For specific information, please refer to the section Frequently Asked Questions About the Annual Meeting beginning on page 76. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Christopher J. Kirt Vice President Corporate Governance and Secretary Oklahoma City, Oklahoma April 23, 2025 NYSE: DVN www.devonenergy.com Devon Energy Corporation 333 W. Sheridan Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73102-5015 405-235-3611 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Table of Contents 1 Proxy Summary 7 Agenda Item 1. Election of Directors 8 Our Board 8 Who We Are (Our Nominees for Election) 8 Biographies 13 Director Skills and Experience 14 Board Appointment and Selection Process 14 Director Orientation and Continuing Education 16 Director Compensation 16 Annual Retainers 16 Equity Awards to Directors 17 Total Compensation for Non-Management Directors for 2024 17 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 18 How We are Selected, Comprised, and Evaluated 19 Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Committee Report 21 How We Are Governed and Govern 21 Committees 24 Director Independence 25 Related Person Transactions 26 Board Leadership Structure 27 Board and Committee Evaluations 28 Board Involvement in Risk Oversight 28 High-Level Oversight and Coordination of Sustainability Program 29 How to Communicate With Us 30 Agenda Item 2. Ratification of Independent Auditor for 2025 31 Our Controls and Compliance 31 Audit Committee Report 32 Fees to Independent Auditor 32 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 32 Audit Committee Financial Expertise 33 Reserves Committee Report 34 Our Company 34 Who We Are (Our Officers) 35 Agenda Item 3. Approve, in an Advisory Vote, Executive Compensation 36 Executive Compensation 36 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 37 Introduction 38 Executive Summary 40 Elements of 2024 Compensation 46 Compensation Process Background 48 Additional Benefits and Compensation Information 51 Compensation Committee Report 52 Summary Compensation Table 53 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 54 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 55 Option Exercises And Stock Vested During 2024 55 Pension Benefits 56 Benefit Plans 56 Defined Benefit Plan 56 Normal Retirement 56 Defined Contribution Plan 401(k) Plan 58 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan 58 Supplemental Contribution Restoration Plans 59 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 59 Accrued Payments Upon Termination of Employment 59 Rights Upon Termination for Death or Disability 59 Rights Upon Termination Without Cause and Constructive Discharge 60 Termination Following a Change in Control 60 Payment Conditions 60 Long-Term Incentive Awards 61 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control Tables 62 CEO Pay Ratio 63 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 68 Equity Compensation Plan Information 69 Our Stockholders 69 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 69 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 70 Security Ownership of Management 71 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 71 Insider Trading Policy and Hedging and Pledging Guidelines 72 Agenda Item 4. Stockholder Proposal 75 Submission of Stockholder Proposals and Nominations 76 Frequently Asked Questions About the Annual Meeting 80 Other Matters 81 Forward-Looking Statements A-1 Appendix A. Explanation and Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Frequently Asked Questions | Pages 76 - 79 76 Board of Directors Voting Recommendations, Voting, Online and Paper Proxy Materials 77 Householding of Proxy Materials Attending the Annual Meeting Can I Change My Vote? Voting Tabulation and What Constitutes a Quorum 78 Voting Requirements for Approval of Proposals Withheld Votes, Abstentions and Non-Broker Votes Voting Instructions, Solicitation Expenses, Voting Results 79 Independent Auditor Availability at Annual Meeting Company Contact Information All references in this Proxy Statement to we, our, us, Devon, or the Company refer to Devon Energy Corporation. TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information described in other parts of this Proxy Statement and does not contain all of the information you should consider in voting. Please read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. For more complete information regarding our 2024 financial and operating performance, please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, which accompanies this Proxy Statement. This Proxy Statement references a variety of publications and other materials available on the Company s website. These references are provided solely for the information of interested stockholders and are not incorporated by reference in this Proxy Statement. Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time Location Record Date Wednesday, June 4, 2025 8:00 a.m. (Central Time) Online at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DVN2025 Thursday, April 10, 2025 Voting Matters Stockholders will be asked to vote on the following matters at the Annual Meeting: Proposal Board Vote Recommendation Page Reference Item 1. Election of Directors The Board is committed to including members with varying perspective, experience, and expertise that align with our business strategy. The Board believes that each of the director nominees named herein has skills and experiences that are highly relevant for an upstream energy company like Devon. Vote FOR each director nominee 7 Item 2. Ratify the selection of the independent auditor for 2025 The Audit Committee has appointed KPMG to serve as Devon s independent registered public accounting firm for 2025 and this appointment is being submitted to our stockholders for ratification. The Audit Committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of KPMG is in the best interest of the Company and our stockholders. Vote FOR 30 Item 3. Approve, in an advisory vote, executive compensation Devon seeks an advisory vote from its stockholders to approve the compensation of the NEOs as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. The Board values the opinions of our stockholders and will take into account the outcome of this advisory vote when considering future executive compensation decisions. Vote FOR 35 Item 4. Consider and vote upon the stockholder proposal set forth in this Proxy Statement, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting The Board believes that the actions requested by the proponent are not in the best interest of our stockholders. Vote AGAINST 72 1 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation PROXY SUMMARY (cont.) Our Company and Assets Based in Oklahoma City, Devon employs approximately 2,300 people across our onshore oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas assets located in New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma, North Dakota, Montana, and Wyoming. Our Company is a leading unconventional oil producer in the United States, with an asset base underpinned by a premium acreage position in the economic core of the Delaware Basin, which is located in the most prolific geologic basin for oil in the United States. Portfolio Built to Deliver Sustainable Performance PREMIER MULTI-BASIN PORTFOLIO Acreage located in top US resource plays Underpinned by world-class Delaware Basin position DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY MIX Balanced exposure to oil natural gas production Access to premium markets improves realized prices on production OPERATING SCALE ENHANCES PROFITABILITY Low-cost structure drives differentiated margins Track record of improving efficiencies lowering cost of supply DEEP INVENTORY OF REPEATABLE OPPORTUNITIES Multi-year low-risk development inventory Resource upside from ongoing appraisal and exploration activity 2 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation PROXY SUMMARY (cont.) Our Strategy Our business strategy is focused on delivering a consistently competitive stockholder return among our peer group. Because the business of exploring for, developing, and producing oil and natural gas is capital intensive, delivering sustainable, capital efficient cash flow growth is a key tenet to our success. While our cash flow is highly dependent on volatile and uncertain commodity prices, we pursue our strategy throughout all commodity price cycles by focusing on the following strategic priorities: Operating excellence Operating safely, reliably, and in an environmentally responsible manner Embrace innovative thinking and technology to improve business performance Advantaged asset portfolio Diversified multi-basin portfolio in top U.S. resource plays High-quality inventory depth underpins long-term sustainability Maintaining financial strength and flexibility Disciplined reinvestment to maximize free cash flow Protecting our investment-grade credit ratings Delivering value to stockholders Dedicated to sustainable, annual growth in fixed dividend Enhancing return of capital with a share buyback program Cultivating a culture to succeed Valuing and investing in our employees Being a good steward in the communities in which we operate Our Operating and Financial Performance Devon posted exceptionally strong operating results in 2024 and exited the year in a strong financial position. The Company s diversified, multi-basin portfolio delivered productivity across its assets, with the Rockies and Eagle Ford exceeding estimates in the fourth quarter due to strong new well productivity and solid base performance. Devon increased its operating scale and economic drilling inventory with the acquisition of the Williston Basin business of Grayson Mill Energy. The Company also continued to deliver returns to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. Below are highlights: 3 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation PROXY SUMMARY (cont.) Delivered $2.9 billion of net earnings, or $4.56 per share; $3.1 billion of core earnings, or $4.82 per share. Produced record performance of 737,000 barrels of oil equivalent production per day, including 347,000 barrels of oil per day which is an 8% year-over-year increase. Generated $6.6 billion of operating cash flow and $3.0 billion of free cash flow. Returned $2.0 billion to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases, and the Board approved a 9% increase to the quarterly fixed dividend in 2025 to $0.24 per share. Outperformed on health and safety targets for the year, with significant year-over-year improvement posted on key metrics. Exited 2024 with $3.8 billion of liquidity, including $0.8 billion of cash. Our Values Our Company is guided by strong values integrity, relationships, courage, and results. Corporate Governance Centered on Strategy, Risk-Management, and Responsible Governance Practices Devon recognizes that high standards for corporate governance are required to promote long-term value for our investors. Our Board focuses on effective strategic decision-making and risk management practices as it oversees our business. This Proxy Statement details our corporate governance framework and profile. Below we highlight features of our Board composition: 91% Independence Ten of Devon s 11 Current Directors qualify as independent under New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) standards. We believe that independent board members bring fresh perspectives and a range of skills to their oversight of the Company. Independent Board Chair In July 2024, John Bethancourt became Devon s Board Chair. Mr. Bethancourt s appointment as Board Chair continues a Devon governance practice of separating the Chair and CEO roles. Average Tenure of 6 Years Our Board nominees have an average tenure on the Board of 6 years, which provides a balance of experience and fresh perspectives. Skills and Competencies Our Director nominees have skills and competencies that are highly relevant for a company with Devon s profile. Our Board has significant leadership experience in key areas for an energy company. 4 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation PROXY SUMMARY (cont.) Our Environmental Performance Targets and Progress We know that strong environmental performance is essential to protecting the communities in which we live and operate, managing risk, and generating long-term value for stakeholders. Devon has established environmental performance targets focused on reducing the carbon intensity of our operations, minimizing freshwater use, and engaging constructively with our value chain. These targets reflect our dedication and commitment to achieving meaningful emissions reductions while pursuing our ultimate goal of net zero GHG emissions for Scope 1 and 2 by 2050. We invite you to access our 2024 Sustainability Report at www.devonenergy.com to evaluate our progress on the targets. Below are highlights from the Report: Environment Reduced methane emissions by 52% and methane emissions intensity by 57% in 2023 compared to 2019. Reduced flared volumes by 83% and flared volume intensity by 82% in 2023 compared to 2019. Used 83 million barrels of recycled water in 2023, an increase of 15% compared to 2022. As reflected in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis of this Proxy Statement, the Company achieved corporate goals for 2024 for year-over-year reductions in Company-wide methane emissions intensity, methane emissions detections, and spill rates. Additional information will be provided in our 2025 Sustainability Report, which will be published later in the year. Community and Employee Focus Investing in Our Communities and Employees To be a socially responsible operator, Devon focuses on building strong, safe communities and an educated workforce. We invest in aspects of community life where we can have the greatest impact, while aligning with Devon s values and business goals: STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) education, public safety, social services, and vibrancy in the communities where we operate. Below are highlights from our 2024 Sustainability Report. Invested $1.2 million in STEM education in 2023. Opened STEM centers in 23 elementary schools and four middle schools, bringing our total to 161 STEM centers across the company since 2021. Impacted 121,606 students and 5,845 teachers through our STEM investments. Donations under our Employee Gift Match Program and annual Give for Good campaign, plus the Devon match for those donations, totaled $2.7 million. Our Culture A part of the Devon culture is to value differences, include and encourage others, and ensure all employees are able to perform at their best. We cultivate an open, supportive, and respectful workplace where our employees can feel a sense of belonging. When we bring together a variety of experiences and challenge ourselves to think differently, we believe it leads to innovation and creative problem-solving. Devon also engages with our communities to understand how we can make a difference beyond our workplace. 5 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation PROXY SUMMARY (cont.) Our culture beliefs: We believe it is foundational to Devon s success now and in the future that our team include people with a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, experiences, and abilities. We believe fairness is at the core of our culture, policies, and practices, and strive for all employees to have access to opportunities. We believe in relationships and will ensure all employees feel seen, valued, heard, and connected. Cybersecurity With global cybersecurity threats and Devon s digital technology use both increasing, we focus on protecting our networks, systems, and the significant amount of data we use to run our business. Devon invests in advanced tools and processes to help safeguard our technology, operate our business safely and reliably, manage risk, and deliver results. A culture of prevention and compliance is central to our digital security. All employees take cybersecurity awareness training during onboarding and through annual refresher training. Through ongoing efforts to educate employees to recognize increasingly sophisticated threats like malware, ransomware, and phishing attempts, we are heightening digital security awareness in our workforce. To Mitigate Cybersecurity Risk, We: Make efforts to align our corporate information security policy and program with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework for risk assessment. Require and pay for Devon security operations team professionals to earn industry certifications in security essentials and incident handling. Provide training, recognition, and enforcement to enhance our culture of prevention. Use leading practices in our external-facing website. Additional Reporting We invite you to review our most recent Sustainability Report, Climate Change Assessment Report, Political Activity and Lobbying Report, and other reports and documents available on our website: www.devonenergy.com. 6 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation AGENDA ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Board has nominated ten directors for election at the Annual Meeting. Each Director will serve for a term ending at the next Annual Meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, subject to such Director s earlier death, disqualification, resignation, or removal. All nominees are currently Devon Directors. Within each nominee s biography and the matrix on page 13, we have highlighted the notable qualifications, experience, and skills that contributed to his or her selection as a nominee to our Board. We have no reason to believe that any of the nominees for Director will be unable to serve if elected. However, if any of these nominees becomes unavailable, the persons named in the proxy intend to vote for any alternate designated by the current Board. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the nominees named. Our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote FOR the election of the director nominees listed in the pages that follow. 7 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board WHO WE ARE Our Nominees for Election Devon Board Service Chair of the Board John E. Bethancourt | Chair of the Board AGE: 73 | DIRECTOR SINCE: 2014 John E. Bethancourt joined the board of directors in January 2014 and became Board Chair in July 2024. He is a retired Chevron executive, serving most recently as executive vice president for technology and services, where he oversaw Chevron s environmental, health and safety efforts, major project management, procurement and mining operations. Bethancourt began his career with Getty Oil Co. in 1974 and joined Texaco Inc. through a 1984 merger. He earned a bachelor s degree in petroleum engineering from Texas A M University. Qualifications Mr. Bethancourt is an experienced and accomplished leader. His broad competencies in matters impacting the energy industry strengthen the collective capabilities of the Board. His experience in areas relating to human resources, environmental matters, and energy-related infrastructure has provided valuable perspectives for the Board. Principal occupation or employment: Former Executive Vice President for Technology and Services, Chevron Certain other directorships: Previously served on the board of trustees of the Texas A M Foundation Past director of the Society of Petroleum Engineers Former director of the National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering, Inc. Please refer to the Director Skills and Experience Matrix on page 13 for more information. Devon Board Service Compensation Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Barbara M. Baumann AGE: 69 | DIRECTOR SINCE: 2014 Barbara M. Baumann joined the board of directors in January 2014 and served as Devon s Board Chair from January 2023 to July 2024. She is president of Cross Creek Energy Corp., an energy investments firm. She is currently on the board of National Fuel Gas Company and serves on the audit and financing committees. Baumann became chair of the independent board of trustees of the Putnam Mutual Funds in July 2024 after serving as vice-chair starting in 2022. Baumann also serves on the advisory council for First Reserve Corp., a private equity firm focused on energy. She is a member of the board of one of First Reserve Corp. s portfolio companies, IOG Resources. Previously, Baumann served in various areas of finance and operations during an 18-year career with Amoco (later BP Amoco). Those roles included chief financial officer of Ecova Corp., Amoco s wholly owned environmental-remediation unit, and vice president of Amoco s San Juan Basin business unit. She earned a bachelor s degree from Mount Holyoke College and a master s in business administration from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Qualifications Ms. Baumann brings to the Board her extensive knowledge of financial matters and the energy industry and her experience as an accomplished leader and business professional. Her history with board service, including as a member and leader on Devon s Board, and insights on investor focus areas deepen our Board s understanding of governance-related matters. Principal occupation or employment: President and Owner, Cross Creek Energy Corporation Certain other directorships: National Fuel Gas Company. Serves on the audit and financing committees Putnam Mutual Funds (Chair, independent board of trustees) First Reserve Corporation (advisory council) IOG Resources Please refer to the Director Skills and Experience Matrix on page 13 for more information. 8 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board WHO WE ARE (cont.) Devon Board Service Compensation Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Ann G. Fox AGE: 48 | DIRECTOR SINCE: 2019 Ann G. Fox joined the board of directors in June 2019. She is president, chief executive officer, and a board member of Nine Energy Service, Inc. (Nine), a Houston-based oilfield services company. Fox joined Nine in 2013 and previously served as chief financial officer and vice president of strategic development. Prior to joining Nine, she worked for SCF Partners, a private equity firm supporting the oilfield services and equipment industries. Fox also has experience as an investment banking analyst and as a Marine, where she served several tours of duty in Iraq on a team that reported directly to Gen. David Petraeus. She received a bachelor s degree in diplomacy and security in world affairs from Georgetown University and a master s in business administration from Harvard University. Fox currently serves on the board of the American Petroleum Institute, the board of advisors of Rice University s Baker Institute, and the board of trustees of Groton School. Qualifications Ms. Fox brings to the Board her significant and unique career experiences, knowledge of the energy industry and capital markets, and perspective as a leader. Her recognition of upstream business and operational developments contributes to the Board s overall performance. Principal occupation or employment: President and Chief Executive Officer, Nine Energy Service, Inc. Certain other directorships: Nine Energy Service, Inc. American Petroleum Institute Baker Institute (board of advisors) Groton School Please refer to the Director Skills and Experience Matrix on page 13 for more information. Devon Board Service Dividend Clay M. Gaspar AGE: 53 | DIRECTOR SINCE: 2025 Clay M. Gaspar was elected President and Chief Executive Officer of Devon Energy and appointed to the board of directors in March 2025. He previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, a role he assumed in January 2021 following Devon s merger with WPX Energy. While at WPX, Mr. Gaspar served as President and Chief Operating Officer and sat on the board of directors. His earlier career includes technical and leadership positions with Newfield Exploration, Anadarko Petroleum, and Mewbourne Oil. Mr. Gaspar serves on the boards of the Permian Strategic Partnership and the American Heart Association Southwest Region, is chairman of the Upstream Committee of the American Petroleum Institute, and is a member of the Texas A M Engineering Advisory Council. Mr. Gaspar earned a bachelor s degree in petroleum engineering from Texas A M University, a master s degree in petroleum and geosciences engineering from the University of Texas, and is a registered professional engineer in the state of Texas. Qualifications Mr. Gaspar is an experienced leader, with the vision and industry expertise to guide Devon forward. His understanding of WPX s and the post-merger combined Company s operations and assets provides valuable Board-level perspective. Principal occupation or employment: President and Chief Executive Officer, Devon Energy Corporation Certain other directorships: Permian Strategic Partnership American Heart Association Southwest Region Michigan Potash Company (advisory board member) Previously served on WPX s board of directors Please refer to the Director Skills and Experience Matrix on page 13 for more information. 9 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board WHO WE ARE (cont.) Devon Board Service Audit Reserves Gennifer F. Kelly AGE: 52 | DIRECTOR SINCE: 2023 Gennifer F. Kelly joined the board of directors in January 2023. She is currently on the board of Delek Logistics, where she serves as chair of the technology committee and as a member of the conflicts and environmental, health and safety committees. Kelly has 25 years of oil and gas industry experience in both upstream and midstream sectors. She previously held the role of chief operating officer and SVP of Western Midstream Partners and vice president of marketing for Anadarko Petroleum Corporation. Prior to her role at Western Midstream, Kelly led operations transformation efforts, as well as strategic planning, portfolio management, and asset management teams for Anadarko. She holds a master s degree in business administration and a bachelor s degree in petroleum engineering from Louisiana State University. Qualifications Ms. Kelly brings to the Board her extensive knowledge of the energy industry, including strategic and regulatory matters. She is an experienced executive who has led significant corporate transformational efforts. She has diverse operations experience in production, drilling, and completions engineering, working extensively in East Texas, West Texas, and the Gulf of Mexico. She has a broad understanding of key matters considered by boards of directors of energy companies. Principal occupation or employment: Former Chief Operating Officer and SVP of Western Midstream Partners Certain other directorships: Delek Logistics Partners, LP. Serves on the technology (chair), conflicts and EHS committees Lone Star College Foundation. Serves on the audit committee Please refer to the Director Skills and Experience Matrix on page 13 for more information. Devon Board Service Chair, Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Compensation Kelt Kindick AGE: 70 | DIRECTOR SINCE: 2021 Kelt Kindick joined the board of directors in January 2021 following Devon s merger with WPX. Kindick became a member of WPX s board of directors in 2013. In December 2012, Kindick retired from Bain Company Inc., a management consulting firm, serving most recently as chief financial officer and partner. He joined Bain Company in 1980, was elected partner in 1986, served as managing director of the firm s Boston office from 1991 to 1996, and as chairman of the firm s executive committee from 1998 to 1999. Kindick also served as chief financial officer of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 2003 to 2004. He received a bachelor s degree from Franklin Marshall College and a master s in business administration from Harvard University. Qualifications Mr. Kindick brings to the Board his experience in strategic roles across a broad range of industries and in the public sector. His insights on governance, finance, and other key strategic matters enhances Board discussions. Principal occupation or employment: Advisory Partner at Bain Company (formerly Chief Financial Officer and Partner) Certain other directorships: Previously served on WPX s board of directors, including as lead director and chairman of its nominating, governance, environmental and public policy committee Please refer to the Director Skills and Experience Matrix on page 13 for more information. 10 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board WHO WE ARE (cont.) Devon Board Service Chair, Reserves Compensation Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Karl F. Kurz AGE: 63 | DIRECTOR SINCE: 2021 Karl F. Kurz joined the board of directors in January 2021 following Devon s merger with WPX. Kurz became a member of WPX s board of directors in 2014. He currently serves as non-executive chairman of American Water Works Company, Inc. Kurz is on the board of Texas Pacific Land Corporation, where he is chair of the strategic acquisitions committee and a member of the compensation committee. From 2009 until his retirement in 2012, Kurz was a managing director, co-head of the energy group, and a member of the investment committee at CCMP Capital Advisors LLC, a leading global private equity firm focused on energy investments. Prior to joining CCMP, he spent nine years with Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, most recently serving as chief operating officer responsible for overseeing the company s global exploration and production, marketing, midstream, land, technology, and service businesses. Kurz holds a bachelor s of science, magna cum laude, in petroleum engineering from Texas A M University, and he is a graduate of Harvard University s Advanced Management Program. Qualifications Mr. Kurz brings to the Board his significant experience in the energy industry and expertise in petroleum engineering. He has served in leadership positions and provides candid perspectives on the Company and the industry. Principal occupation or employment: Former Managing Director of CCMP Capital Advisors LLC and Chief Operating Officer of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation Certain other directorships: American Water Works Company, Inc. Serves as non-executive chairman Texas Pacific Land Corporation. Serves on the strategic acquisitions committee (chair) and compensation committee Previously served on Royal Helium Ltd. s board of directors and its compensation committee Previously served on WPX s board of directors and its audit committee Please refer to the Director Skills and Experience Matrix on page 13 for more information. Devon Board Service Audit Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Michael N. Mears AGE: 62 | DIRECTOR SINCE: 2023 Michael N. Mears joined the board of directors in January 2023. He is currently on the board of Sempra, where he serves as chair of the corporate governance committee and as a member of the executive and compensation and talent development committees. Mears was the chairman, president, and CEO of Magellan Midstream Partners from 2011 until his retirement in 2022. He joined Magellan Midstream Partners in 2002 when the company was formed and was the company s chief operating officer from 2008 to 2011. Prior to Magellan, Mears worked in a range of management positions for its predecessor company, Williams Pipeline Co. He holds a bachelor s degree in chemical and petroleum refining engineering from the Colorado School of Mines. Qualifications Mr. Mears has significant leadership experience in the energy industry. As a former chief executive officer of a large corporation, he is able to provide perspectives on a broad range of issues that are important for a corporation with Devon s scale and operations. His background in marketing and energy-related infrastructure adds valuable perspectives to the Board. His commercial and operational expertise in the context of global energy markets and the energy transition make him a valuable member of our board. Principal occupation or employment: Former Chairman, President, and CEO of Magellan Midstream Partners Certain other directorships: Sempra Energy. Serves on the corporate governance (chair) and executive and compensation and talent development committees Previously served on Magellan Midstream Partners board until his retirement in 2022 Please refer to the Director Skills and Experience Matrix on page 13 for more information. 11 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board WHO WE ARE (cont.) Devon Board Service Chair, Compensation Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Robert A. Mosbacher, Jr. AGE: 73 | DIRECTOR SINCE: 2009 Robert A. Mosbacher, Jr. was appointed to the board of directors in April 2009. Mosbacher previously served as a member of the board from 1999 until 2005, at which time he resigned to accept an appointment by the Bush administration to serve as president and chief executive officer of the Overseas Private Investment Corp. (OPIC), an independent agency of the U.S. government that supports private capital investment in emerging markets around the world. He is chairman of Mosbacher Energy Co., an independent oil and gas exploration and production company. He was chair of the Development Advisory Council for the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation, which supports investment in the developing world. Mosbacher also currently serves on the board of the National Archives Foundation. He has a bachelor s degree in political science from Georgetown University and a law degree from Southern Methodist University. Qualifications Mr. Mosbacher brings to the Board his leadership experience in the energy industry as well as in state and federal government. His experience with the federal government at OPIC and service as a member of other boards and board committees provide him with strong insight. His strategic mindset and broad understanding of the Company provides important perspectives for the Board. Principal occupation or employment: Chairman of Mosbacher Energy Company Certain other directorships: Center for Global Development Please refer to the Director Skills and Experience Matrix on page 13 for more information. Devon Board Service Chair, Audit Reserves Valerie M. Williams AGE: 68 | DIRECTOR SINCE: 2021 Valerie M. Williams joined the board of directors in January 2021 following Devon s merger with WPX. Williams became a member of WPX s board of directors in 2018. Williams is a member of the board of directors of Omnicom Group, Inc., a global advertising and public relations firm, where she serves on the audit and finance committees. She is also a member of the board of directors of DTE Energy, an electric and natural gas utility, where she serves as chair of its audit committee and as a member of the corporate governance committee. Williams is also a member of the independent board of trustees of Franklin Templeton funds, where she serves on the audit committee and nominating and governance committee of some of its open-end funds. Williams began her career with Ernst Young LLP in 1981 and has over 35 years of audit and public accounting experience serving numerous global companies. Prior to her retirement in 2016, Williams most recently served as the firm s southwest region assurance managing partner, a position she assumed in 2006. She held several senior leadership positions at Ernst Young and also served on several strategic committees, including the firm s partner advisory council, inclusiveness council, audit innovation task force, and the diversity task force. She received a bachelor s degree from the University of North Texas and a master s in business administration from the University of Houston. Qualifications Ms. Williams brings to the Board her significant financial reporting expertise developed through 35 years of audit and public accounting experience serving numerous global and multi-location companies, including companies in the energy and technology sectors. She has strong leadership skills and experience with accounting and financial reporting matters at complex organizations. She has been designated an audit committee financial expert by Devon s Board. Principal occupation or employment: Former Southwest Region Assurance Managing Partner at Ernst Young LLP Certain other directorships: Omnicom Group, Inc. Serves on the audit and finance committees DTE Energy. Serves on the audit committee (chair) and corporate governance committee Franklin Templeton Funds (independent board of trustees) Previously served on WPX s board of directors and its audit committee Please refer to the Director Skills and Experience Matrix on page 13 for more information. 12 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board WHO WE ARE (cont.) Director Skills and Experience The Board is committed to including members with varying perspective, experience, and expertise that align with our business strategy. Our Director nominees, individually and as a group, have skills and experiences that are highly relevant for an upstream energy company like Devon. FUNDAMENTAL SKILLS AND EXPERIENCES OF OUR BOARD NOMINEES INCLUDE STRENGTHS IN THE AREAS OF: Service in senior leadership at a substantial business enterprise; Experience with operations, development, or other principal functions of an energy company; Effective communication skills, especially concerning strategy and analytical decision-making; Acumen in the area of financial statements, cash flows, and other financial and accounting matters (e.g., M A); and Prior service on the board of a public company. The matrix below highlights each Director nominee s individual strengths and focuses that he or she may contribute to the Board as a whole. The absence of a mark for a particular skill or experience does not indicate that a Director nominee is unable to contribute to the decision-making process in that area. 13 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board WHO WE ARE (cont.) Board Appointment and Selection Process Review the Mix of Skills, Experience, and Characteristics of the Board As part of its ordinary course discussions, Devon s Board conducts self-evaluations and considers the composition of the Board in relation to the strategic plan of the Company and other areas that are critical for the performance of the Board s responsibilities. Devon s Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee provides support for any search for new Board members by, among other things, identifying certain skills, experience, and characteristics that may be valuable for the Board in light of potential departures from the Board through retirement or otherwise. Identify Board Candidates and Consider Resources to Assist in Search Process Devon s Corporate Governance Guidelines describe key aspects of Devon s Board recruitment. Baseline qualifications for a Board member include integrity and accountability, ability to exercise informed judgement, peer respect, and high performance standards. The GEPP Committee is committed to seeking qualified candidates with a range of experience, perspective, and expertise. The GEPP Committee considers potential candidates identified by a range of sources (e.g., other organizations that develop board talent; referrals from stockholders, Directors, and management) and often utilizes the expertise of a third-party search firm. Undertake In-Depth Review of Potential Board Candidates The GEPP Committee conducts a fulsome review of many potential Board candidates. From this initial screening, a preliminary group of potential candidates is identified, which leads to additional diligence on the candidates. The background of the candidates is reviewed for potential conflicts of interest. The Chair of the GEPP Committee and other Directors often meet with the candidates. The Chair of the GEPP Committee keeps the Board apprised of the status of the process. Focus Search and Perform Final Review Candidates interview with the Board. The interviews often occur in an in-person, small-group setting. The Board meets in executive session with and without management Directors present to discuss the candidates, arrive at a consensus on potential appointments, and consider potential Committee assignments for the candidates. A more rigorous diligence process is performed, including background checks, reference checks, and independence and related party transaction evaluation. Finalize Decision and Make Appointments The GEPP Committee reviews the results of final diligence on candidates, recommends appointments to the Board, and arrives at preliminary independence determinations and proposed Board Committee assignments for the candidates. The Board meets to review the GEPP Committee s recommendation, approves the appointments, and takes other actions associated with appointments. Director Orientation and Continuing Education New Director Orientation Directors participate in orientation sessions as they join Devon s Board. The sessions customarily involve providing written background materials on the Company that address business strategy, operations, performance, and corporate governance, as well as key functions at the Company such as finance, business development, human resources, EHS, marketing, supply chain, and legal and regulatory. Members of our executive leadership team and other leaders meet with new Directors in a setting that provides an opportunity for open discussion. Other Directors often attend these sessions. The orientation sessions are tailored to the background and experience of the new Director. Director Continuing Education and Related Resources Board and Board Committee meetings serve as a critical avenue for our Directors to further their knowledge of topics impacting their core responsibilities as Directors. On-going dialogue between the Board and our executives guides the content of updates that the Board receives on a range of topics. Executives and subject matter experts (both within and outside the Company) regularly present to the Board and often engage with the Board between meetings on emerging matters for the Company and the industry in general. Materials provided in advance of Board and Board Committee meetings also customarily include resources addressing emerging topics. 14 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board WHO WE ARE (cont.) Directors are encouraged to explore additional resources to stay informed of developments relating to their responsibilities. The Company provides access to respected organizations and programs for maintaining board knowledge and skills and periodically sends Directors a compendium of third-party resources that includes overviews of board and board committee best practices, emerging issues, and educational programs. The Board also from time to time identifies areas for continuing education, which has resulted in the Company covering the expenses associated with Director participation in continuing education programs. 15 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE PAID Director Compensation Director compensation is reviewed and determined annually by the Board acting upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee. The Committee periodically obtains data on the director compensation of Devon s principal competitors and other comparable companies. The Committee also engages an independent consultant (Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC) to supplement such data and provide additional information on director compensation and other compensation-related practices. Meridian is also retained by the Committee to advise on executive compensation. Aside from the foregoing, Meridian performs no other work for Devon. The standard arrangement for compensating our non-management Directors consists of cash and equity awards. Devon employees receive no additional compensation for serving as Directors. Non-management Directors are also eligible to participate in the Company s charitable gift program subject to the same terms as employees. This program matches contributions (up to $10,000 per year) made to charitable organizations by Directors and employees. Annual Retainers The annual cash retainers in effect as of December 31, 2024, are set forth in the table below. Type of Fee Amount Annual Board Retainer $ 100,000 Additional Annual Non-Executive Board Chair Retainer $ 87,500 Additional Annual Lead Director Retainer $ 25,000 Additional Annual Retainer to the Chair of Audit Committee $ 25,000 Additional Annual Retainer to the Chairs of Compensation and GEPP Committees $ 20,000 Additional Annual Retainer to the Chair of Reserves Committee $ 15,000 Additional Annual Retainer to Audit Committee Members $ 2,000 Each non-management Director is reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred while serving as a Director, which includes expenses associated with attending Board meetings and other functions arising from their responsibilities as a Director. Equity Awards to Directors The Board compensates Directors in part through equity awards (LTI Awards) in order to align the Directors and stockholders interests in the long-term performance of the Company. Following each Annual Meeting, non-management Directors are granted equity awards having a value of $230,000. In addition, our non-executive Board Chair receives an additional equity award having a value of $87,500. The LTI Awards for 2024 were made under our 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective June 4, 2024, the 2022 LTIP) and applicable grant agreements in the same value as those for 2023. The grants for 2024 vested immediately, which (i) aligned the aggregate value received by the Directors with the stock-based compensation expense incurred by the Company and (ii) provided the Directors predictability on the taxable income that would result from the LTI Awards. Non-management Directors have the option to receive LTI Awards as restricted stock units with a deferred payment date rather than the standard restricted stock awards. Restricted stock units provide optionality with respect to the timing of disbursement of the LTI Award and the form of dividends. 16 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE PAID (cont.) Total Compensation for Non-Management Directors for 2024 1 The following table reflects the total compensation of our non-management Directors in 2024. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards 2 ($) Gift Matching Contribution ($) Total ($) Barbara M. Baumann 3 143,750 236,270 10,000 390,020 John E. Bethancourt 3 151,250 311,307 462,557 Ann G. Fox 100,000 230,023 10,000 340,023 Gennifer F. Kelly 102,000 230,023 10,000 342,023 Kelt Kindick 120,000 230,023 10,000 360,023 John Krenicki Jr. 102,000 230,023 10,000 342,023 Karl Kurz 107,500 230,023 10,000 347,523 Michael N. Mears 102,000 230,023 10,000 342,023 Robert A. Mosbacher, Jr. 120,000 230,023 10,000 360,023 Valerie M. Williams 125,000 230,023 355,023 1 During 2024 and until his retirement from the Board on March 1, 2025, Richard E. Muncrief served (i) as a member of the Board and (ii) as an executive officer of the Company. Because he was an employee of the Company, Mr. Muncrief received no additional compensation for his services as a Director. 2 The dollar amounts reported in this column represent the grant date fair values of each stock award made to a non-management Director in 2024, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For all non-management Directors, amounts include $230,023, which is the grant date fair value of an award made on June 5, 2024. Additionally, (i) for Ms. Baumann, amounts include the value of a pro-rated award made to her on June 5, 2024 for service as the Board Chair until July 1, 2024 ($6,247), and (ii) for Mr. Bethancourt, amounts include the value of a pro-rated award made to him on July 1, 2024, in connection with his appointment as Board Chair on July 1, 2024 ($81,284), in each case with such amounts being equal to the grant date fair value of such awards as of the date made. The assumptions used to value stock awards are discussed in Note 4 Share-Based Compensation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. 3 Mr. Bethancourt became Board Chair on July 1, 2024. At that time, Ms. Baumann ceased serving as Board Chair and joined the Compensation Committee and GEPP Committee. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Throughout 2024, the Compensation Committee was solely comprised of independent Directors with no interlocking relationships as defined by applicable SEC rules. 17 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE SELECTED, COMPRISED, AND EVALUATED Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Committee Report The GEPP Committee is currently comprised of six independent Directors and operates under a written charter approved by the Board. The GEPP Committee Charter and the other documents referenced in this report may be viewed at www.devonenergy.com. Below is a summary of key features of our corporate governance framework, including our approach to Board nominations. Corporate Governance The GEPP Committee plays a leadership role in shaping the Company s corporate governance. It reviews the Company s corporate governance practices along with best practices followed by other companies to maintain a corporate governance framework for the Company that is effective and functional and that addresses the interests of the Company s stakeholders. Highlights of Our Corporate Governance Framework Principal Documents for Our Corporate Governance Standards Annual election of Directors Majority voting in uncontested elections Independent Lead Director in the event the Chair of the Board is not independent Executive sessions of independent Directors Stockholder right to call a special meeting Proxy access right Board participation in succession planning Corporate Governance Guidelines Charters for each of the Board s Committees Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for all Directors, officers, and employees Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and designated Principal Accounting Officer Board of Director Nominations The GEPP Committee is responsible for nominating qualified candidates to serve on the Board and reviewing their qualifications with the Board, taking into account the composition and skills of the entire Board and specifically ensuring a sufficient number of the members of the Board are financially literate. In alignment with the Board s philosophy, the GEPP Committee seeks qualified candidates with a range of experience, perspective, and expertise. The GEPP Committee (i) may, at its discretion, seek third-party resources to assist in the process and (ii) will make final director candidate recommendations to the Board. The Board considered the experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills of each of the nominees for Director at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines outline certain foundational qualifications for our nominees, as well as certain expectations of our Directors upon their election to the Board. 18 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENTAL, AND PUBLIC POLICY COMMITTEE REPORT Qualifications of Our Directors Expectations of Our Directors Integrity and accountability Informed judgment Peer respect High performance standards Mandatory retirement for non-management Directors at the Annual Meeting immediately following the 75th birthday of a Director Ownership of Devon common stock equal to five times the Director s annual retainer to be reached by the end of a five-year period after election along with a holding requirement for those who have yet to meet the ownership requirement Recommendation that a Director not serve on more than three public company boards in addition to serving on the Company s Board Approval of the GEPP Committee to serve as a director, officer, or employee of a competitor of the Company Requirement that a Director advise the Chair of the Board and the Chair of the GEPP Committee in advance of accepting any invitation to serve on other public company boards or any assignment to the audit or compensation committees of the board of any public company of which such Director is a member Requirement that a Director promptly advise the Chair of the Board and the Chair of the GEPP Committee upon accepting service on private or non-profit boards The GEPP Committee considers properly submitted recommendations for nominees from stockholders and gives appropriate consideration in the same manner as given to other nominees. Stockholders who wish to submit recommendations for director nominees for election at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders may do so by submitting such nominee s name in writing, in compliance with the procedures required by our Bylaws, to the Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Committee of the Board of Directors, Attention: Chair of the GEPP Committee, c/o Office of the Corporate Secretary, Devon Energy Corporation, 333 W. Sheridan Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102. Such a recommendation must be received between February 4, 2026 and March 6, 2026, in order to be considered a timely notice. The stockholder s notice must contain, among other things: all information that is required to be disclosed with respect to such person being nominated pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including such person s written consent to being named in the Proxy Statement as a nominee and to serving as a Director, if elected; the name and address of the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner; the class and number of shares of our stock that are owned beneficially and of record by the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner; whether and the extent to which any hedging or other similar transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of the stockholder or beneficial owner; a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder giving the notice and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the nomination; a representation that the stockholder intends to appear at the 2026 Annual Meeting to bring such business before the meeting; and an undertaking by the stockholder giving the notice to update the information required to be included in the notice. 19 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENTAL, AND PUBLIC POLICY COMMITTEE REPORT (cont.) With the Company s fundamental corporate governance practices firmly in place and regularly evaluated, the GEPP Committee is prepared to respond quickly to new regulatory requirements and emerging best practices. The GEPP Committee intends to continue to require an annual evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees to enable the Company to maintain corporate governance best practices. Pictured above (from left to right): Robert Mosbacher, Jr., Barbara Baumann, Kelt Kindick, Karl Kurz, Ann Fox, Michael Mears. Respectfully submitted, The Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Committee Kelt Kindick, Chair Barbara M. Baumann Ann G. Fox Karl F. Kurz Michael N. Mears Robert A. Mosbacher, Jr. 20 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE GOVERNED AND GOVERN Committees During 2024, the Board had four standing Committees: Audit, Compensation, GEPP, and Reserves. The Charters for our Committees are available on the Company s website, www.devonenergy.com. Below we reflect each Committee s current membership, core duties and responsibilities, and recent activities. Baumann Bethancourt 1 Fox Gaspar 1 Kelly Kindick Kurz Mears Mosbacher Williams 2 Audit 3 Compensation GEPP Reserves 3 Committee Chair 1 Messrs. Bethancourt and Gaspar are the sole members of Devon s Dividend Committee. The Board maintains a dividend committee for the limited purpose of assisting with the declaration and payment of dividends on Devon s common stock in accordance with the dividend policy of the Company. 2 Audit committee financial expert. 3 John Krenicki Jr. is a member of the Audit and Reserves Committees. As previously announced, he is retiring from the Board at the Annual Meeting. Audit Committee Monitors the integrity of the Company s financial statements and reporting system; Oversees the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; Appoints the Company s independent auditors and monitors their performance, qualifications, and independence; Oversees the Company s internal audit function and reviews significant internal audit findings and management s actions to address those findings; Oversees related party transactions and other potential conflicts of interest situations where appropriate; Reviews the Company s financial and cybersecurity risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposure; and Monitors the business practices and ethical standards of the Company. 21 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE GOVERNED AND GOVERN (cont.) RECENT ACTIVITIES AND KEY FOCUS AREAS Reviewed and discussed the audit results prior to the filing of Devon s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year-end 2024 and met with the independent auditor concerning the results; Reviewed and discussed the earnings materials and periodic reports for each quarter of the year; Interviewed the candidates to serve as Devon s lead audit partner, which resulted in the selection of Devon s new lead audit partner pursuant to applicable SEC rules that limit the number of consecutive years an individual partner may provide services to our Company; Received reports and interacted with management about legal, regulatory, environmental and tax matters, cybersecurity, and other topical issues such as the SEC s disclosure rules on certain climate-related matters and payments made to the U.S. federal government or foreign governments for the commercial development of oil, natural gas, or minerals (a/k/a resource extraction rule); and Met in executive session on a regular basis with the independent auditor and Devon personnel responsible for the Company s internal audit function, financial reporting, and legal and regulatory compliance. Number of Meetings held in 2024: 8 Compensation Committee Reviews and approves the Company s compensation philosophy and strategy; Directs management to administer the annual compensation process in accordance with the stated compensation strategy of the Company and any requirements of appropriate regulatory bodies; Reviews and approves the Company s employee benefit and incentive programs; Annually reviews and determines total compensation for each management Director; Reviews and approves total compensation for the Company s executive officers; Reviews with the President and CEO and advises the Board with regard to executive officer succession planning; Reviews and approves the terms of any compensation clawback or similar policy; Evaluates and recommends compensation or revisions to compensation for members of the Board; and Assesses and considers the independence of any advisor that provides advice to the Compensation Committee. RECENT ACTIVITIES AND KEY FOCUS AREAS Reviewed and approved the peer group used in executive pay considerations and evaluated the Company s performance on pre-set metrics to determine the 2024 bonus pool; Benchmarked and considered a range of financial, environmental, social, and other metrics used in the incentive programs of energy companies; Reviewed and discussed the Company s approach to cultivating a workforce with a range of experience, perspective, and expertise; and Reviewed and approved the compensation of Devon s new CEO. Number of Meetings held in 2024: 7 22 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE GOVERNED AND GOVERN (cont.) Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee Identifies, evaluates, and recommends nominees for election as directors at the annual stockholders meetings or for appointment between annual stockholders meetings, including the portfolio of skills, experience, perspective, and background required for the effective functioning of the Board; Reviews stakeholder feedback and considers the Company s response to stockholder proposals; Develops, recommends, and reviews corporate governance guidelines for the Company; Reviews the Company s policies and performance relating to the Company s environmental, health, and safety efforts, and the Company s approach to sustainability; Advises the Board and management on significant public policy issues that are pertinent to the Company and its stakeholders; and Oversees management in setting strategy, establishing goals, and integrating sustainability into strategic and tactical business activities across the Company to create long-term stockholder value. RECENT ACTIVITIES AND KEY FOCUS AREAS Reviewed Devon s strategy, performance, and tactics related to the Company s environmental targets announced in June 2021; Received updates on policy matters impacting (or potentially impacting) Devon and discussed Devon s and its trade associations engagement on such matters; Received Devon s sustainability-related reporting prior to publication, including Devon s 2024 Sustainability Report and 2024 Political Activity and Lobbying Report, and engaged with management on the content of such reporting; and With the Compensation Committee, reviewed and discussed with management Devon s approach to cultivating a workforce with a range of experience, perspective, and expertise. Number of Meetings held in 2024: 5 Reserves Committee Oversees an annual review and evaluation of the Company s consolidated oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids reserves; Oversees the integrity of the Company s reserves evaluation and reporting system; Assesses the reserves disclosure for the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements related to its oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids reserves; Reviews the qualifications and independence of the Company s independent engineering consultants; Monitors the performance of the Company s independent engineering consultants; and Monitors and evaluates the Company s business practices and standards in relation to the preparation and disclosure of its oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids reserves. 23 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE GOVERNED AND GOVERN (cont.) RECENT ACTIVITIES AND KEY FOCUS AREAS For purposes of selecting the consultant for the year-end reserves evaluation for 2024, reviewed the capabilities, experience, and quality of Devon s independent engineering consultant that was retained for the first time in 2022, which culminated in the continued retention of DeGolyer MacNaughton as the Company s independent engineering consultant for 2024; Met to review and discuss the reserves evaluation results prior to the filing of Devon s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year-end 2024; Discussed Devon s policies and approaches for booking and valuing reserves; and Performed in-depth reviews of certain operating assets of the Company. Number of Meetings held in 2024: 2 Our Board met ten times in 2024. All Directors attended at least 91% of the aggregate number of the total meetings of the Board and the respective Committees on which they served. All Directors are expected to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders unless there are extenuating circumstances. All of our then-current Directors attended our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Copies of the following governance documents are available at www.devonenergy.com and in print to any stockholder upon request: Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws; Corporate Governance Guidelines; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and Code of Ethics for CEO, CFO, and PAO. Amendments to and waivers from any provision of the Code of Ethics for the CEO, CFO, and PAO will be posted on our website. Director Independence Relevant Independence Standard The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a majority of the Board members must qualify as independent Directors in accordance with the listing standards of the NYSE and the related disclosure requirements in SEC Regulation S-K, Item 407(a). Additionally, (i) all of the members of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the GEPP Committee, and the Reserves Committee and (ii) at least one of the members of the Dividend Committee must be Directors determined by the Board to be independent according to applicable standards relating to board committee membership, including as set forth in the listing and other relevant standards for the Committee, Corporate Governance Guidelines, and Committee Charters. Board Diligence Process In assessing independence, the Board reviews whether a Director has any material relationships with Devon or any of its subsidiaries. This review considers direct and indirect relationships of a Director and any member of the Director s immediate family, including, as relevant, such Director s or family member s status as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization that has a relationship with Devon or any of its subsidiaries. The Board also takes into account other facts and circumstances that the Board deems relevant. 24 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE GOVERNED AND GOVERN (cont.) Independence Determinations Based on its review and applicable standards, the Board has affirmatively determined that (i) each of the current Directors, with the exception of Clay M. Gaspar, is an independent Director and (ii) each member of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, GEPP Committee, and Reserves Committee, and at least one of the members of the Dividend Committee (John Bethancourt), is independent. As a result of these determinations, 10 of the Board s 11 current Directors are independent and 9 of the Board s 10 Director nominees are independent. Relationships Considered Pursuant to SEC regulations, for each director and nominee for director that is identified as independent, a company s proxy statement must describe, by specific category or type, any transactions, relationships, or arrangements not disclosed as a related person transaction that were considered by a company s board of directors under the applicable independence definitions in determining that the director is independent. The Board considered the following relationships in making its determination that all Directors (including the Director nominees), other than Mr. Gaspar, are independent. In each case, the transactions identified are routine, ordinary course transactions in which the relevant Director had no personal involvement and derived no direct personal benefit. Director/Nominee Organization Relationship Summary Barbara M. Baumann IOG Resources Director IOG Resources owns non-operating interests in wells located in the Delaware Basin, including certain Devon operated wells. Well revenue and joint interest billing payments are made in the ordinary course of business. Ann G. Fox Nine Energy Service President/ CEO Director Nine provides well completion services to Devon in the ordinary course of business. 1 Gennifer F. Kelly Delek Logistics Director Delek provides water disposal and transportation services to Devon in the ordinary course of business. Karl F. Kurz Texas Pacific Land (TPL) Director TPL owns royalty interests in Devon-operated wells and provides services to Devon in the ordinary course of business. Michael N. Mears Sempra Energy Director Sempra purchases energy products from Devon in the ordinary course of business. 1 One of the categorical tests under the NYSE listing standards asks whether the director is a current employee of a company that has made payments to, or received payments from, the listed company in an amount which, in any of the last three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of $1 million or 2% of such other company s consolidated gross revenues. In 2022, 2023, and 2024, amounts paid by Devon to Nine were less than 1% of Nine s consolidated gross revenues. Related Person Transactions The Board has approved a written policy (the Policy) to assist Devon in the collection and review of information regarding potential related person transactions and conflicts of interest. All Directors and executive officers are required to identify business and financial affiliations involving themselves or their immediate family members that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a reportable related person transaction. Based on this information, Devon staff review Devon s records and make follow-up inquiries as necessary to identify potentially reportable related person transactions. A report summarizing such transactions is provided to the Board s Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews reports and makes recommendations to the Board as to whether an identified transaction is required to be publicly disclosed as a related person transaction. If the transaction at issue involves a member of the Committee, or a family member of a Committee member, then that member of the Committee would not participate in discussions. In the event the Committee concludes that a related person has a material interest in any Company transaction, the Committee then reviews the transaction to determine whether to approve or ratify it. Any transaction that meets the monetary threshold under the SEC rules and is determined to have a direct or indirect material benefit to a related person would be disclosed in accordance with SEC rules. The Policy provides that certain categories of 25 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE GOVERNED AND GOVERN (cont.) transactions are not deemed to involve a material interest. Those categories align with, and in many cases are more conservative than, the standards under applicable SEC rules. In early 2025, the Company performed its diligence for purposes of identifying potential related party transactions and provided its report to the Audit Committee. Based on the Committee s review and discussion, the Committee has not identified any transactions that qualify as related person transactions and require disclosure. Leadership and Succession Board Leadership Structure and Board Refreshment Over the past year, the Board managed organic, internal, planned transitions of the Board Chair and the Company s CEO and the Board as a whole. Our prior Board Chair, Barbara Baumann, became chair of a major institutional investment firm in July 2024 in a move that our Board anticipated, valued, and planned for. Our Board believes that having someone serve on the Board and as Board Chair who has a deep knowledge of investor interests benefits the Company and helps align the Company with its investors. Ms. Baumann now serves on the Compensation Committee and GEPP Committee. Our new and current Board Chair, John Bethancourt, is an experienced energy executive who most recently served as the Chair of the Reserves Committee and as a member of the Compensation Committee. When he assumed the position in July 2024, Mr. Bethancourt was well-prepared to lead the Board based on his operational and technical knowledge of the Company s assets and his understanding of the Compensation Committee s program and process for evaluating, retaining, and motivating executive talent. On March 1, 2025, Rick Muncrief retired as President and CEO and as a member of the Board through a planned succession process that is further described below. Also, John Krenicki Jr. s voluntary and planned retirement from the Board will occur at the Annual Meeting. Like Ms. Baumann, Mr. Bethancourt is an independent Director. Although the Board has no fixed policy with respect to combining or separating the positions of Board Chair and CEO, Mr. Bethancourt s appointment as Board Chair continues a Devon governance practice of separating the Chair and CEO roles and recognizes that the Company s stockholders are best served by Mr. Bethancourt s leadership of the Board at this time. As an independent Chair, Mr. Bethancourt presides over meetings of the Board, including executive sessions of the Board in which members of management are not present. He also works with our CEO on Board agendas, items of discussion, and meeting materials and serves as a resource for fostering communication among the Board and management. Management Succession Led by Mr. Bethancourt, the Board in 2024 continued, enhanced, and finalized a two-year internal CEO succession process that incorporated leading governance practices and avoided many of the substantial pitfalls and expenses of less well-managed CEO successions. During the succession process, the Board: (1) identified the skills, characteristics, and other attributes that they were seeking in a future CEO; (2) assessed suitable candidates and narrowed down the group of candidates selected; (3) prepared the candidates for the role through, among other things, a 360-degree evaluation process in which feedback on the candidates was obtained through multiple sources and opportunities for growth were identified over a 12-month period and coached on at least a quarterly basis; (4) engaged in one-on-one conversations with Mr. Bethancourt that allowed for additional candor on the succession process; (5) performed in-depth final interviews with the final candidates; and (6) planned for the final selection of a new CEO and a well-ordered on-boarding process that would meet key objectives of the Company, such as building on the momentum of the Company into 2025 and maintaining healthy relationships among leadership. 26 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE GOVERNED AND GOVERN (cont.) The final selection of Clay Gaspar in December 2024 provided an opportunity for the Company s prior CEO to continue to mentor his successor until his departure in March 2025 and allowed Mr. Gaspar to establish his leadership team. This succession process afforded the possibility for the Company to take advantage of its internal talent pipeline through the promotions of Robert (Trey) Lowe to Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer and John Raines to Senior Vice President, E P Asset Management. Mr. Gaspar also hired a highly regarded engineer and former colleague, Tom Hellman, as Senior Vice President, E P Operations. Succession planning and talent management are key aspects of our business strategy. As part of their ordinary course responsibilities, the Board, the Compensation Committee, and management regularly participate in reviews of management succession planning and development. With the Board, this review includes the identification and progress of internal candidates for senior management positions and an assessment of career development opportunities. Our Executive Vice President Human Resources and Administration leads this process. The Human Resources group also implements programs focused on attracting, retaining, assessing, and developing the talent pipeline across the Company, including potential future leaders. Board and Committee Evaluations The Board maintains an annual review process that evaluates the effectiveness and performance of the Board, the Chair, the Lead Director (if applicable), and the Board Committees. The evaluations are reviewed and discussed by the GEPP Committee, which also annually considers how to maximize the effectiveness of the process. The full Board discusses the evaluations with and without management present. In recent years, one-on-one interviews with each Director have been a component of the process. Those interviews, as well as Board Committee self-evaluations, have in part been facilitated by written questionnaires that prompt a robust discussion. The Board, however, has not solicited written responses from Directors in order to preserve the confidentiality and candor of those discussions. The Board has also sought anonymous feedback from management on key corporate governance responsibilities such as management s view of the Board s decision-making and oversight. Through the evaluation processes, feedback has been provided on a range of topics, including: Board and management succession planning; agendas and materials for Board meetings; the composition and structure of the Board and Board Committees; the cadence and substance of discussions of Devon s strategy, including the consideration of carbon management, infrastructure investments and business opportunities that are adjacent to Devon s principal business of exploration and development of oil and gas; Devon s EHS program and target-setting for safety and environmental performance in the area; and the opportunity for outside speakers to present on certain topics at Board meetings. Devon s Board and Board leadership consistently emphasize open communication among members of the Board with a view toward building alignment on highly effective corporate governance of the Company. 27 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW WE ARE GOVERNED AND GOVERN (cont.) Board Involvement in Risk Oversight The full Board has primary responsibility for risk oversight, which includes, among other things, determining whether the Company s risk-management programs are appropriately designed and implemented in light of the Company s material risks. To assist it in this role, the Board has delegated to four standing Board Committees certain matters relating to the risks inherent in the Committees respective areas of oversight, with each Committee regularly reporting to the full Board. Our management team is, in turn, responsible for executing the directives of the Board and those Committees with respect to the Company s risk-management programs, including by overseeing and reporting on Devon s day-to-day efforts to manage risk. Devon employs a variety of governance and analytical measures to identify and evaluate the risks to our business. We use an enterprise-wide risk-management framework that includes an annual analysis of the top risks to the Company. This analysis asks the Board, management, and certain internal subject matter experts to consider the likelihood that certain risks could result in an impact to the Company and to identify, among other things, the Company s level of preparedness for those risks. The Board and management then use the results from this analysis and other exercises to determine and prioritize the material risks to our business. In addition to this annual review process, the Board also assesses developments as they evolve and considers the risk they pose to the Company. Management and other subject matter experts meet on a regular basis to review the risks to the Company and consider and develop means of mitigating those risks. For a more detailed discussion of the material risks of the Company, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and our other filings with the SEC. Cybersecurity risk is an area of particular focus for our Board, and we include cybersecurity and related risks in our enterprise-wide risk-management framework. To help mitigate cybersecurity risk, Devon maintains a corporate information security policy and program (the Program) designed to identify, assess, and appropriately manage risk from cybersecurity threats, and we have made efforts to align the Program with the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. The Audit Committee has oversight of Devon s risks from cybersecurity threats and reviews the steps management has taken to monitor and address such risks. Our management team provides quarterly updates to the Audit Committee on activities and other developments impacting Devon s cybersecurity. These updates cover a variety of topics, including, among other things, (i) regular reviews of certain cybersecurity metrics for the Company, (ii) status reviews of our cybersecurity initiatives and the results of benchmarking or other assessments of the Program, including assessments performed by third-party organizations, and (iii) briefings on current events or trends relating to cybersecurity. Our full Board also receives regular updates from our management team regarding the Program, as well as reports from the Audit Committee. For more information on the Program, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. High-Level Oversight and Coordination of Sustainability Program The Company recognizes that sustainability is important for Devon and Devon s stakeholders, especially in the area of safety and environmental performance. The Board and management support the Company s on-going efforts. Devon s Executive Committee, Board GEPP Committee, and the full Board receive regular updates on our sustainability program and expect high performance in this area. Over the past year, oversight has included Devon s activities in the following areas: Devon s strategy for, and third-party assessment of, Devon s performance on sustainability matters; Devon s progress on achieving the environmental and related targets; the tactics and associated budgets for attaining the environmental targets and other sustainability objectives; Devon s community support efforts, including charitable contributions and participation in charitable projects; and management s steps in furthering the Company s carbon accounting systems and capabilities. 28 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board HOW TO COMMUNICATE WITH US The Board believes it is important to cast a wide net for input to inform its decision making and considers input from stockholders to be critical. Accordingly, the Board maintains a number of ways to receive feedback from stockholders and other stakeholders: Our Board includes Directors with investment expertise, including as part of private equity firms and institutional investors; Our Directors attend our Annual Meeting of Stockholders; Our Directors participate in director education programs that include investors and investor commentary; Our Directors listen to Devon s quarterly conference calls with investors and receive reports with analyst commentary on the Company s performance; Our Board receives updates on the communication received from the Company s reporting helplines; and Our Board values direct stockholder engagement with the Company, which is detailed below. Stockholder Engagement and Follow Up Devon has a long-standing practice of engagement with our stockholders throughout the year with respect to corporate governance, executive compensation, and other topics. Over the past year, Devon continued its regular cadence for contacting the investment stewardship groups of the Company s top-50 largest investors and responded to numerous in-bound queries. These contacts have led to numerous one-on-one meetings with investors who have a wide range of perspectives. Our Board receives frequent updates on these engagements and has been keen to hear specific input. We value the dialogue and feedback received from this engagement and, as a result, have been responsive by making meaningful changes to our programs and practices. Contact Information for Communicating with Board Members Any stockholder or other interested party may contact any of our Non-Management Directors or Non-Management Directors as a group, by: U.S. mail to Non-Management Directors, c/o Office of the Corporate Secretary, Devon Energy Corporation, 333 W. Sheridan Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102; calling our Non-Management Directors access line at (866) 888-6179; or sending an email to nonmanagement.directors@dvn.com. A Management Director may be contacted by: U.S. mail to Management Directors, c/o Office of the Corporate Secretary, Devon Energy Corporation, 333 W. Sheridan Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102; contacting the Office of the Corporate Secretary at (405) 235-3611; or sending an email to CorporateSecretary@dvn.com. If requested, calls or correspondence remain anonymous and will be kept confidential to the extent possible. All such communications, other than advertisements or commercial solicitations, will be forwarded to the appropriate Director(s) for review. 29 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation AGENDA ITEM 2. RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR FOR 2025 The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, and oversight of the independent auditing firm retained to audit the Company s financial statements. To carry out this responsibility, the Audit Committee engages in a comprehensive annual evaluation of the independent auditor s qualifications, performance, and independence; considers whether the auditing firm should be rotated, including the advisability and potential impact of selecting a different independent registered public accounting firm and adopting a policy of regular rotation; and negotiates the audit fees associated with the Company s retention of the independent auditing firm. The Audit Committee has selected KPMG LLP (KPMG) to serve as our independent auditing firm for 2025. In accordance with SEC rules and KPMG policies, audit partners are subject to rotation requirements to limit the number of consecutive years an individual partner may provide service to our Company. For lead and concurring audit partners, the maximum number of consecutive years of service in that capacity is five years. The selection of the Company s lead audit partner pursuant to this rotation policy involves a rigorous process, including interviews of potential audit partner candidates with the Audit Committee, which occurred in 2024 as Devon s lead audit partner rotated off Devon s audit team at the completion of Devon s audit for the year ended December 31, 2024. The Audit Committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interest of the Company and our stockholders. In furtherance of its commitment to corporate governance practices, the Board is asking our stockholders to ratify the selection of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2025. In the event that our stockholders fail to ratify the selection of KPMG, the Audit Committee will consider the selection of a different independent auditing firm for 2026. Representatives of KPMG will be present at the Annual Meeting to answer appropriate questions. They also will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so. Our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote FOR the ratification of KPMG as our independent auditor for 2025. 30 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Controls and Compliance AUDIT COMMITTEE Audit Committee Report The information contained in this Audit Committee Report shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates such information by reference in such filing. The Audit Committee is currently comprised of four independent Directors. The Board and the Audit Committee believe that the Audit Committee s current membership satisfies the rules of the NYSE and the SEC that govern audit committee composition, including the requirement that all audit committee members be independent, as that term is defined under the listing standards of the NYSE, and the requirement that at least one member of the Audit Committee is a financial expert. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, which is available at www.devonenergy.com. The Audit Committee oversees the Company s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors. Management has the primary responsibility for the preparation of the financial statements and the establishment and maintenance of the system of internal controls. This system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of objectives in the areas of reliability of financial reporting, effectiveness and efficiency of operations, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. FOR 2024, THE AUDIT COMMITTEE PERFORMED THE FOLLOWING KEY DUTIES: Reviewed and discussed with management and the independent auditors the Company s internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and the audited financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, that has been filed with the SEC; Discussed with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB and the SEC; Discussed with the independent auditors the auditors independence, including the matters in the written disclosures and the letter received from the independent auditors required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent auditors communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence; and Considered whether the provision of non-audit services by the independent auditors is compatible with maintaining auditor independence. Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, that has been filed with the SEC. Pictured above (from left to right): Michael Mears, Valerie Williams, John Krenicki Jr., Gennifer Kelly. Respectfully submitted, The Audit Committee Valerie M. Williams, Chair Gennifer F. Kelly John Krenicki Jr. Michael N. Mears 31 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Controls and Compliance OTHER AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS Fees to Independent Auditor Under the terms of its Charter, the Audit Committee has the responsibility to approve the fees paid to the independent auditors. For the years ended December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2024, the following fees were paid to KPMG: 2024 2023 Audit fees 1 $ 4,450,000 $ 3,635,000 Audit-related fees 2 $ 113,000 $ 75,000 Tax fees All other fees Total $ 4,563,000 $ 3,710,000 1 Audit fees consisted of fees for the annual audit of the Company s financial statements (including the effective operation of internal controls over financial reporting), the review of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and certain services that generally only our independent auditor can provide (e.g., comfort letters and consents). 2 Audit-related fees consisted principally of fees for audits of financial statements of certain of the Company s affiliates and subsidiaries. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures The Audit Committee has pre-approval policies and procedures related to the provision of audit and non-audit services. Under these procedures, the Audit Committee pre-approves both the type of services to be provided by KPMG and the estimated fees related to these services. During the approval process, the Audit Committee considers the impact of the types of services and the related fees on the independence of the auditors. The services and fees must be deemed compatible with the maintenance of the auditors independence, including compliance with SEC rules and regulations. All of the 2024 and 2023 audit and non-audit services provided by KPMG were approved by the Audit Committee. The non-audit services that were approved by the Audit Committee were also reviewed to ensure compatibility with maintaining the auditors independence, and the Audit Committee determined the auditors independence was not impaired. Audit Committee Financial Expertise The Board has determined that the Company has an audit committee financial expert (as defined by SEC regulations) serving on its Audit Committee, Ms. Williams. The Board has also determined, in accordance with NYSE listing standards, that all members of the Audit Committee are financially literate. 32 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Controls and Compliance RESERVES COMMITTEE Reserves Committee Report The information contained in this Reserves Committee Report shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates such information by reference in such filing. The Reserves Committee is currently comprised of four independent Directors and operates under a written charter approved by the Board of Directors, which is available at www.devonenergy.com. The Reserves Committee oversees, on behalf of the Board, the integrity of the Company s oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids reserves data. Management and our independent engineering consultants have the primary responsibility for the preparation of the reserves reports. In connection with its oversight responsibilities, the Reserves Committee reviewed with management the internal procedures relating to the disclosure of reserves in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, having regard to industry practices and all applicable laws and regulations. FOR 2024, THE RESERVES COMMITTEE: Approved DeGolyer MacNaughton as the Company s independent engineering consultant for the year ended December 31, 2024; Reviewed the qualifications and independence of the independent engineering consultant prior to their appointment and throughout their engagement; Reviewed with the independent engineering consultant the scope of the annual review of the Company s reserves; Met with the independent engineering consultant, with and without management, to review and consider the evaluation of the reserves and any other relevant matters with respect to such evaluation; Reviewed and approved any statement of reserves data or similar reserves information and any report of the independent engineering consultants regarding such reserves to be filed with any securities regulatory authorities or to be disseminated to the public; and Reviewed the Company s internal procedures relating to the disclosure of reserves. Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Reserves Committee recommended to the Board that the reserves information be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, that has been filed with the SEC. Respectfully submitted, The Reserves Committee Karl F. Kurz, Chair Gennifer F. Kelly John Krenicki Jr. Valerie M. Williams Pictured above (from left to right): Valerie Williams, Karl Kurz, John Krenicki Jr., Gennifer Kelly. 33 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Company WHO WE ARE Our Officers Information concerning our executive officers is set forth below. Information concerning Clay M. Gaspar, our President and Chief Executive Officer, is set forth under the caption Our Nominees for Election . Dennis C. Cameron Executive Vice President and General Counsel Mr. Cameron, 62, was appointed executive vice president and general counsel in January 2021 following Devon s merger with WPX Energy. He is responsible for Devon s legal, public and government affairs, and records management functions. Cameron most recently served as executive vice president and general counsel of WPX Energy. He joined WPX in 2012, previously serving as senior vice president and general counsel, vice president and deputy general counsel and assistant general counsel. Cameron has over 25 years of legal experience. He began his career in 1987 at GableGotwals, a private, full-service firm he was with until joining WPX. Cameron is a member of the Oklahoma, Texas, Tulsa County and American Bar associations, as well as The Foundation for Natural Resources and Energy Law. He holds a bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering and a law degree, both from the University of Oklahoma. Tana K. Cashion Executive Vice President Human Resources and Administration Ms. Cashion, 53, was appointed to the position of executive vice president of human resources and administration in February 2022. Cashion is responsible for Devon s human resources function and multiple administrative areas including physical security, facilities and real estate, aviation, community relations, internal communications, and corporate services. Cashion joined Devon in 2005 and has held roles of increasing responsibility, including vice president of human resources and most recently, senior vice president of human resources and administration. Before joining Devon, Cashion worked in the retail, wholesale, and tourism industries. She has a bachelor s degree in political science from Pepperdine University and a master s degree in business administration from the University of Oklahoma. Thomas Hellman Senior Vice President E P Operations Mr. Hellman, 57, was appointed senior vice president, E P operations, in January 2025. He oversees Devon s drilling and completions, supply chain, EHS and measurement, and integrated subsurface functions. Prior to joining Devon in 2025, Hellman served as vice president, operations (Permian and Oklahoma) at Marathon Oil Corporation from 2020 until shortly following the closing of the company s acquisition by ConocoPhillips in late 2024. In his most recent role at Marathon, Hellman was responsible for assets in New Mexico, North Texas, and Oklahoma. Prior to that role, Hellman served in various operational leadership roles at Marathon, including region vice president (Oklahoma) from 2018 to 2020 and region vice president (Permian) from 2017 to 2018. Before joining Marathon, Hellman was vice president, drilling and completions at WPX Energy from 2015 to 2017. Earlier in his career, he worked at Apache (APA Corporation), BP, NSI Technologies, and Amoco in various technical and leadership roles. Hellman holds a bachelor s of science degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Alberta. Robert F. (Trey) Lowe III Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Mr. Lowe, 49, was appointed to the position of senior vice president and chief technology officer in February 2025. Lowe is responsible for Devon s technology, digital security, project management and energy ventures functions. Lowe joined Devon in 2005 and has held roles in technical and leadership positions with responsibilities spanning U.S. and international operations. Most recently, he was vice president and chief technology officer. Before joining Devon, Lowe worked for Schlumberger in technical roles in the U.S. and Norway. He is a past distinguished lecturer for the Society of Petroleum Engineers and serves as a board observer to Fervo Energy. Lowe holds a bachelor s degree in chemical engineering from Oklahoma State University. John D. Raines Senior Vice President E P Asset Management Mr. Raines, 42, was appointed senior vice president, E P asset management in February 2025. He oversees Devon s business units and land and regulatory functions. Raines joined the Company in 2005 and has served in various roles of increasing responsibility. He most recently served as Devon s vice president, Delaware Basin business unit, a position he assumed in 2022. Prior to that position, Raines was vice president, Delaware Basin (North) from 2021 to 2022 and, prior to Devon s merger with WPX Energy, Inc., vice president, Delaware Basin from 2017 to 2021 and Vice President, Rockies from 2016 to 2017. Raines has also served in various operational roles at the Company, including as vice president, land and regulatory, and in Devon s energy marketing and business development groups. He holds a bachelor s degree in energy management and finance from the University of Oklahoma and a law degree from Oklahoma City University. Jeffrey L. Ritenour Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Ritenour, 51, was appointed to the position of executive vice president and chief financial officer in April 2017. Ritenour is responsible for Devon s corporate finance, treasury, planning, reserves, accounting, tax, internal audit, investor relations, marketing, and business development functions. He has been with Devon since 2001, serving in various leadership roles, most recently as senior vice president of corporate finance, investor relations and treasury. Before joining Devon, Ritenour was with Ernst Young in Dallas. He holds a bachelor s degree in accounting and a master s degree in business administration, both from the University of Oklahoma. 34 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Devon Energy Corporation AGENDA ITEM 3. APPROVE, IN AN ADVISORY VOTE, EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION In accordance with Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we are asking our stockholders to vote to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. At the 2023 Annual Meeting, our stockholders approved, on an advisory basis, our proposal to provide stockholders an opportunity to vote on the compensation of our named executive officers on an annual basis. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather our overall compensation policies and practices relating to our named executive officers as disclosed in our Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table, and other related tables and narrative disclosure. Accordingly, we will ask our stockholders to vote FOR the following resolution at the 2025 Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that the Company s stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the named executive officers, as disclosed in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the 2024 Summary Compensation Table and the other related tables and narrative disclosure. This vote, normally called a say-on-pay vote, is advisory, and therefore not binding on the Company, the Compensation Committee, or the Board. The Board will, however, as it has in prior years, take into account the outcome of the vote when considering future compensation arrangements. Our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers. 35 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Company EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis 37 Introduction 37 Purpose of Compensation Discussion and Analysis 37 Named Executive Officers 38 Executive Summary 38 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 38 2024 Company Performance Highlights and the Impact on Compensation 39 Response to Stockholder Feedback 40 What Devon Does and Doesn t Do 40 Elements of 2024 Compensation 40 Overview of 2024 Pay Decisions 41 Base Salary 42 Annual Performance Bonus 43 Long-Term Incentives 46 2025 NEO Compensation 46 Compensation Process Background 46 Role of the Committee 46 Role of the Compensation Consultant 47 Use of Peer Groups 48 Tally Sheet Review 48 Additional Benefits and Compensation Information 48 Retirement Benefits 48 Other Benefits 49 Post-Termination or Change-in-Control Benefits 49 Stock Ownership Guidelines 50 Compensation Program and Risk-Taking 50 Policy for Recovery of Compensation (Clawback Policy) 50 Practices Related to the Grant of Certain Equity Awards in Relation to the Release of Material Nonpublic Information 36 | Devon Energy 2025 Proxy Statement | COMMITMENT RUNS DEEP TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Company EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (cont.) Introduction Purpose of Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) outlines Devon s compensation philosophy and describes the material components of the Company s executive compensation program for its named executive officers (NEOs). This CD A also summarizes decisions the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee) made under the program for 2024. Additional information about the compensation of the NEOs is provided in the 2024 Summary Compensation Table and other tables that follow this CD A. Named Executive Officers The NEOs for 2024 are the following individuals: Executive Position Richard E. Muncrief President and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey L. Ritenour Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Clay M. Gaspar Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer David G. Harris Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Development Officer Dennis C. Cameron Executive Vice President and General Counsel On March 1, 2025, Richard E. Muncrief retired from the position of President and Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of the Company after a long and impac