=== BF.B_2026-06-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors We believe the following discussion identifies the material risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks were actually to occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Additional risks not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, could also materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Our business performance depends substantially on the continued health of the Jack Daniel’s family of brands. The Jack Daniel’s family of brands is the primary driver of our revenue, and Jack Daniel’s is an iconic global trademark with a loyal consumer fan base. We invest much effort and many resources to protect and preserve the brand’s reputation for authenticity, craftsmanship, and quality. A brand’s reputational value is based in large part on consumer perceptions, and even an isolated incident that causes harm – particularly one resulting in widespread negative publicity – could adversely influence these perceptions and erode consumer trust and confidence in the brand. Significant damage to the brand equity of the Jack Daniel’s family of brands would adversely affect our business. Given the importance of Jack Daniel’s to our overall success, a significant or sustained decline in sales of our Jack Daniel’s products, as a result of negative publicity or otherwise, would have a negative effect on our financial results. Additionally, if we are not successful in our efforts to maintain or increase the relevance of the Jack Daniel’s brand to current and future consumers, our business and operating results could suffer. Changes to our route-to-consumer models and consolidation among beverage alcohol producers, distributors, wholesalers, suppliers, and retailers could hinder the marketing, sale, or distribution of our products. We use various business models to market and distribute our products in different countries around the world. In the United States, we sell our products either to distributors for resale to retail outlets or e-commerce retailers or, in those states that control alcohol sales, to state governments who then sell them to retail customers and consumers. In our non-U.S. markets, we use a variety of route-to-consumer models, and, in many markets, we rely on third parties to distribute, market, and sell our products. We own and operate 17 distribution companies in 18 countries. Transitioning from a third-party distribution model to an owned-distribution model involves a significant undertaking, and subjects us to additional operational and execution risks associated with each affected geographic region. If we are unsuccessful in our route-to-consumer strategies, including any transition to owned distribution, the sale and marketing of our products could be disrupted. Changes to any of our route-to-consumer models or distributors in important markets could result in temporary or longer-term sales disruption, higher costs, and harm to other business relationships we might have with that distributor. Disruption of our distribution network or fluctuations in our product inventory levels at distributors, wholesalers, or retailers could negatively affect our results for a particular period. Moreover, other suppliers, as well as wholesalers and retailers of our brands, offer products that compete directly with ours for shelf space, promotional displays, and consumer purchases. Pricing (including price promotions, discounting, couponing, and free goods), marketing, new product introductions, entry into our distribution networks, and other competitive behavior by other suppliers and by wholesalers and traditional and e-commerce retailers, could adversely affect our growth, business, and financial results. While we seek to take advantage of the efficiencies and opportunities that large retail customers can offer, they often seek lower pricing and increased purchase volume flexibility, offer competing private label products, and represent a large number of other competing products. If the buying power of these large retail customers continues to increase, it could negatively affect our financial results. Further, while we believe we have sufficient scale to succeed relative to our major competitors, we nevertheless face a risk that continuing consolidation of large beverage alcohol companies could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Consolidation, whether domestically or internationally, among spirits producers, distributors, wholesalers, suppliers, or retailers and the increased growth of the e-commerce environment across the consumer product goods market have created and could continue to create a more challenging competitive landscape for our products. Consolidation at any level could hinder the distribution and sale of our products as a result of reduced attention and resources allocated to our brands because our brands might represent a smaller portion of the new business portfolio. Furthermore, consolidation of distributors may lead to the erosion of margins. Changes in distributors’ strategies, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry, the allocation of shelf space for our competitors’ brands, or private label products, may adversely affect our growth, business, financial results, and market share. Our competitors may respond to industry and economic conditions and shifts in consumer behaviors more rapidly or effectively than we do. To remain competitive, we must be agile and efficient in adopting digital technologies and building analytical capabilities, which our competitors may be able to achieve with more agility and resources. 16 We are subject to risks from changes to the trade policies, tariffs, and import and export regulations of the United States and foreign governments. Changes in import and export policies, including trade restrictions, new or increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, sanctions and countersanctions, safeguards, or customs restrictions by the United States and foreign governments, could require us to change the way we conduct business and negatively affect our business performance, financial condition, results of operations, and our relationships with customers, suppliers, and employees. Likewise, changes in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development, and investment in the territories or countries where we currently sell our products or conduct our business could adversely affect our business. The United States has announced and/or implemented significant new tariffs on imported goods from a wide range of countries, which has prompted retaliatory tariffs by a number of countries and a cycle of retaliatory tariffs by both the United States and other countries. For example, in March 2025, several Canadian provinces removed all American beverage alcohol from store shelves, including Jack Daniel’s, in response to the United States announcing a 25% tariff on goods imported from Canada. While certain U.S. tariffs were struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court in February 2026, the United States subsequently announced additional new tariffs on nonexempt imports, and the U.S. tariff rate remains at a historically high level. Additionally, newly announced tariffs, particularly in light of the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision invalidating the use of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act to authorize certain tariffs and the potential escalation of trade disputes, could pose a significant risk to our business, including an increase to the cost of our products and, to the extent we absorb the costs of tariffs and do not pass them through to our customers, higher cost of goods sold and lower gross profit and margins. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, including negotiations between the United States and affected countries, modifications and delays to or invalidation of various tariffs and associated refund procedures, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions or exclusions that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply, and demand for our products in affected markets. Further, actions we take to adapt to new tariffs or trade restrictions may cause us to modify our operations or forgo business opportunities. Likewise, tariffs and import and export regulations could also limit the availability of our products, prompt consumers to seek alternative products, and provide an opportunity for competitors not subject to such tariffs to establish a presence in markets where we conduct our business. Changes in consumer preferences and purchases, any decline in the social acceptability of our products, or governmental adoption of policies disadvantageous to beverage alcohol could negatively affect our business results. We are a branded consumer products company in a highly competitive market, and our success depends substantially on our continued ability to offer consumers appealing, high-quality products. Consumer preferences and purchases may shift, often in unpredictable ways, as a result of a variety of factors, including health and wellness trends, consumer dietary preference changes, weight loss regimens and pharmaceuticals, including GLP-1 drugs; changes in economic conditions, demographic, and social trends; public health policies and initiatives; changes in government regulation of beverage alcohol products; concerns or regulations related to product safety; legalization of cannabis and its use on a more widespread basis in the markets where we operate; and changes in trends related to travel, leisure, dining, gifting, entertaining, and beverage consumption. As a result, consumers may begin to shift their consumption and purchases away from our premium and super-premium products, or away from alcoholic beverages entirely. This shift further includes consumption at home as a result of various factors, including shifts in social trends and shifts in the channels for the purchases of our products. These shifts in consumption and purchasing channels could adversely impact our profitability. Consumers may also begin to prefer the products of competitors or may generally reduce their demand for brands produced by larger companies. Over the past several decades, the number of small, local distilleries in the United States has grown significantly. This growth is being driven by a trend of consumers showing increasing interest in locally produced, regionally sourced products. As more brands enter the market, increased competition could negatively affect demand for our premium and super-premium American whiskey brands, including Jack Daniel’s. In addition, we could experience unfavorable business results if we fail to attract consumers from diverse backgrounds and ethnicities in all our markets. Expansion into new product categories by other suppliers, or innovation by new entrants into the market, could increase competition in our product categories. For example, we have observed an increase in diversification by various consumer goods companies such as the entrance of both traditional beer and soft drink companies into the ready-to-drink market and the entrance of both beer and spirits companies into the cannabis market – expanding the potential for competition in the spirits market from various sectors of the consumer goods industry. Increased competition may, among other things, negatively impact our ability to maintain or gain market share; increase pricing pressure, which inhibits our ability to adequately respond to inflationary changes in commodities used in making our products; require increases in marketing and promotional activities; and negatively impact the market for our premium and super-premium products. To continue to succeed, we must anticipate or react effectively to shifts in demographics, our competition, consumer behavior, consumer preferences, drinking tastes, and drinking occasions. 17 We believe that new products, line extensions, label and bottle changes, product reformulations, and similar product innovations by both our competitors and us will increase competition in our industry. Product innovation, particularly for our core brands, is a significant element of our growth strategy; however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to develop and implement successful line extensions, packaging, formulation or flavor changes, or new products. Unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations could result in inventory write-offs and other costs, could reduce profits from one year to the next, and could also damage consumers’ perception of our brands. Our inability to attract consumers to our product innovations relative to our competitors’ products – especially over time – could negatively affect our growth, business, and financial results. Production facility disruption could adversely affect our business. Some of our largest brands, including Jack Daniel’s and our tequilas, are distilled at single locations. A catastrophic event causing physical damage, disruption, or failure at any one of our major distillation or bottling facilities could adversely affect our business. Further, because whiskeys, rums, and some tequilas are aged for various periods, we maintain a substantial inventory of aged and maturing products in warehouses at a number of different sites. The loss of a substantial amount of aged inventory – through fire, other natural or man-made disaster, contamination, or otherwise – could significantly reduce the supply of the affected product or products. These and other supply (or supply chain) disruptions could prevent us from meeting consumer demand for the affected products in the short and medium term. In addition to catastrophic events identified above, supply disruptions could include the temporary inability to make our products at normal levels or at all. We could also experience disruptions if our suppliers are unable to deliver supplies. Our business continuity plans may not prevent business disruption, and reconstruction of any damaged facilities could require a significant amount of time and resources. The inherent uncertainty in supply/demand forecasting could adversely affect our business, particularly with respect to our aged products. There is an inherent risk of forecasting imprecision in determining the quantity of aged and maturing products to produce and hold in inventory in a given year for future sale. The forecasting strategies we use to balance product supply with fluctuations in consumer demand may not be effective for particular years or products. For example, in addition to our American and Irish whiskeys, rums, and some tequilas, which are aged for various periods, our Scotch whisky brands require long-term maturation – an average of 12 years with limited releases of 30 years or more – making forecasts of demand for such products in future periods subject to significant uncertainty. Our tequila supply also depends on the growth cycle of agave plants, which take approximately six to seven years to reach full maturity, requiring us to make forecasts of demand for our tequilas over a long-time horizon to determine in advance how much agave to plant or otherwise source. Factors that affect our ability to forecast accurately include changes in business strategy, market demand, consumer preferences, macroeconomic conditions, introductions of competing products, and other changes in market conditions. Additionally, our supply of aged products can deviate from expectations due to changes in forecasted maturation loss. Such forecasting errors could lead to our inability to meet the objectives of our business strategy, failure to meet future demand, or a future surplus of inventory and consequent write-down in value of such inventory. A failure to accurately forecast demand for our products or efficiently manage inventory could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Further, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in using various levers, such as pricing changes, to create the desired balance of available supply and consumer demand for particular years or products. As a consequence, we may be unable to meet consumer demand for the affected products for a period of time. Furthermore, not having our products in the market consistently may adversely affect our brand equity and future sales. Higher costs or unavailability of water, raw materials, product ingredients, or labor could adversely affect our financial results. Our products use materials and ingredients that we purchase from suppliers. Our ability to make and sell our products depends on the availability of the raw materials, product ingredients, finished products, oak barrels, glass and PET bottles, cans, bottle closures, packaging, and other materials used to produce and package them. Without sufficient quantities of one or more of our key materials, our business and financial results could suffer. For instance, only a few glass producers make bottles on a scale sufficient for our requirements, and a single producer supplies most of our glass requirements. Inability of our primary glass provider to produce sufficient quantities to meet our needs would increase our cost to produce and constrain supply of some of our products. Likewise, we source our oak barrels, in which we age our American whiskey, from an external supplier. If supply chain challenges occur in the future with respect to glass, oak barrels, or other key materials or ingredients that we purchase from suppliers, it would be difficult and more expensive to produce and deliver our products. Similarly, our operations and financial results could suffer if any of our key suppliers were no longer able to meet our timing, quality, or capacity requirements, ceased doing business with us, or significantly raised prices, and we could not promptly develop alternative cost-effective sources of supply or production. 18 Higher costs or insufficient availability of suitable grain, agave, water, molasses, oak barrels, glass, closures, and other input materials, or higher associated labor costs or insufficient availability of labor, could adversely affect our financial results. Similarly, when energy costs rise, our transportation, freight, and other operating costs, such as distilling and bottling expenses, also could increase. Our freight costs and the timely delivery of our products could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including driver or equipment shortages, higher fuel costs, weather conditions, traffic congestion, ocean freight lane disruptions, shipment container availability, rail shutdowns, customs importation delays, and increased government regulation. International or domestic geopolitical or other events, including the imposition of tariffs or quotas by governmental authorities on any raw materials that we use in the production of our products, could adversely affect the supply and cost of these raw materials to us. Additionally, changes in global grain and commodity pricing and availability may impact the markets where we operate. If we cannot offset higher raw material costs with higher selling prices, increased sales volume, or reductions in other costs, our profitability could be adversely affected. For example, armed conflicts in the Middle East have contributed to elevated freight rates and longer transit times compared to historical levels, and prolonged or escalating conflicts could result in additional supply chain disruption, including higher transportation costs (such as a result of increased fuel costs), shipping delays, or increased costs from using air freight instead of ocean freight to mitigate inventory delays. Weather, acute or chronic climate change impacts, floods, fires, diseases, and other agricultural uncertainties that affect the health, yield, quality, or price of the various raw materials used in our products also present risks for our business, including in some cases potential impairment in the recorded value of our inventory. Increasing average temperatures could also affect the maturation and yield of our aged inventory over time. Changes in weather patterns or intensity can disrupt our supply chain as well, which may affect production operations, insurance costs and coverage, and the timely delivery of our products. Water is an essential component of our products, so the quality and quantity of available water is critical to our ability to operate our business. If extended droughts become more common or severe, or if our water supply is interrupted for other reasons such as government intervention, high-quality water could become scarce in some key production regions for our products, which in turn could adversely affect our business and financial results. Unfavorable economic conditions could negatively affect our operations and results. Unfavorable global or regional economic conditions may be triggered by numerous developments beyond our control, including geopolitical events, health crises, and other events that trigger economic volatility on a global or regional basis. Those types of unfavorable economic conditions could adversely affect our business and financial results. In particular, a significant deterioration in economic conditions, including economic slowdowns or recessions, increased unemployment levels, inflationary pressures, or disruptions to credit and capital markets could lead to decreased consumer confidence and consumer spending, thus reducing consumer demand for our products and sales of used barrels. Unfavorable economic conditions could also cause governments to increase taxes on beverage alcohol to attempt to raise revenue, reducing consumers’ willingness to make discretionary purchases of beverage alcohol products or pay for premium brands such as ours. Unfavorable economic conditions could also adversely affect our suppliers, distributors, customers, and retailers, who in turn could experience cash flow challenges, more costly or unavailable financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. Such financial hardships could lead to distributor or retailer destocking, disruption in raw material supply, increase in bad debt expense, or increased levels of unsecured credit that we may need to provide to customers. Other potential negative consequences to our business from unfavorable economic conditions include higher interest rates, an increase in the rate of inflation, deflation, exchange rate fluctuations, credit or capital market instability, or lower returns on pension assets or lower discount rates for pension obligations (possibly requiring higher contributions to our pension plans). We might not succeed in our strategies for investments, acquisitions, dispositions, and other strategic transactions. From time to time, we consider acquiring or investing in additional brands or businesses or undertaking other strategic transactions. We expect to continue to seek acquisition, investment, and other strategic opportunities that we believe will increase long-term stockholder value, but we may not successfully identify potential acquisition or investment opportunities, identify suitable counterparties willing to transact with us, or consummate the purchase of brands or businesses or other strategic transactions at acceptable prices and terms. Acquisitions, investments and other transactions involve risks and uncertainties, including the potential to pay more than a brand or business is ultimately determined to be worth; potential difficulties integrating acquired brands and personnel; if applicable, difficulties in obtaining governmental approvals; the possible loss of key customers or employees most knowledgeable about the acquired business; implementing and maintaining consistent U.S. public company standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems; exposure to unknown liabilities; possible business disruption; and possible management distraction or departure. We have in the past, and could in the future, incur restructuring charges or record impairment losses on the value of intangible assets resulting from previous acquisitions. Whether or not completed, the evaluation, negotiation, announcement, or pursuit of any such transactions may 19 involve significant costs, management distraction, disruption to our business relationships, employee uncertainty, and litigation risk. From time to time, we also consider disposing of assets or businesses that may no longer meet our financial or strategic objectives. In selling assets or businesses, we may not get prices or terms as favorable as we anticipated. We could also encounter difficulty in finding buyers on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay accomplishment of our strategic objectives. Expected cost savings from reduced overhead relating to the sold assets may not materialize. The overhead reductions associated with such dispositions could temporarily disrupt our other business operations. Any of these outcomes could negatively affect our financial results. Negative publicity or our inability or failure to recognize, respond to, and effectively manage the increased impact of social media could affect our business performance. Unfavorable publicity, whether accurate or not, related to our industry or to us or our products, brands, marketing, executive leadership, employees, Board of Directors, family stockholders, operations, current or anticipated business performance, or environmental, social, or governance efforts could negatively affect our corporate reputation, stock price, ability to attract and retain high-quality talent, or the performance of our brands and business. Additionally, investor advocacy groups, institutional investors, other market participants, stockholders, employees, consumers, customers, influencers, and policymakers have focused increasingly on the environmental, social, and governance or “sustainability” positions and practices of companies. If our positions or practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our corporate reputation, stock price, ability to attract and retain high-quality talent, and the performance of our brands and business may be negatively affected. Stakeholders and others who disagree with our company’s actions, positions, or statements may speak negatively or advocate against the Company, with the potential to harm our reputation or business through negative publicity, adverse government treatment, or other means. There has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms and websites, including blogs, chat and messaging platforms, video-sharing platforms, and other forms of Internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience. The rising popularity of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination and given users the ability to more effectively organize collective actions such as boycotts and other brand-damaging behaviors. Many social media platforms immediately publish content, often without context, filters, or checks on accuracy. Consequently, companies may not be able to investigate or effectively respond to negative information or content disseminated in this manner, including fictitious media content (such as content produced by generative AI or bad actors). Adverse publicity or negative commentary on social media, whether accurate or not, particularly any that go “viral,” could cause consumers or other stakeholders to react by disparaging or avoiding our brands or company, which could materially negatively affect our financial results. Social media is also increasingly used to compel companies to express public positions on issues and topics not directly related to their core business, which could prove controversial or divisive to consumers and result in lost sales or a misallocation of resources. In addition, laws and regulations, including FTC enforcement, are rapidly evolving to govern social media platforms and communications. A failure of us, our employees, or third parties acting at our direction or on our behalf, or others perceived to be associated with us, to abide by applicable laws and regulations regarding the use of social media, or to appropriately use social media, could adversely impact our reputation and our business, or subject us to penalties or litigation. Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our brands, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes, and malicious dissemination of false information. Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect our sales. The success of our brands depends on the positive image that consumers have of them. We could decide to or be required to recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, product tampering, spoilage, regulatory non-compliance, food safety issues, or other quality issues. Any of these events could adversely affect our financial results. Actual contamination, whether deliberate or accidental, could lead to inferior product quality and even illness, injury, or death of consumers, potential liability claims, and material loss. Should a product recall become necessary, or we voluntarily recall a product in the event of contamination, damage, or other quality issue, sales of the affected product or our broader portfolio of brands could be adversely affected. A significant prod

=== BF.B_2026-03-04.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2025 Form 10-K, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our 2025 Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds As announced on October 2, 2025, the Board of Directors authorized the Repurchase Program described above, under “Liquidity and Financial Condition.” The following table provides information about shares of our common stock (Class A and Class B, in total) that we acquired as part of the Repurchase Program during the quarter ended January 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Class A Shares Purchased (1) Total Number of Class B Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Class A Share (2) Average Price Paid per Class B Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (2) November 1 – November 30, 2025 302,431 5,721,293 $ 27.50 $ 27.74 6,023,724 $ 134,200,000 December 1 – December 31, 2025 176,108 4,334,311 $ 29.44 $ 29.76 4,510,419 $ — January 1 – January 31, 2026 — — $ — $ — — $ — Total 478,539 10,055,604 $ 28.21 $ 28.61 10,534,143 $ — (1) All shares in this column were repurchased under the program announced on October 2, 2025, under which the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $400 million (excluding brokerage fees and excise taxes) of outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock between October 1, 2025 and October 1, 2026. The program was completed in December 2025. (2) Our share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to 1% excise tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act. The amounts reflected in this table exclude related fees, costs, commissions, and any excise tax incurred in connection with the share repurchases. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended January 31, 2026, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 38 Item 6. Exhibits The following documents are filed with this report: Exhibit Index 31.1 CEO Certification pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 CFO Certification pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32 CEO and CFO Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (not considered to be filed). 101 The following materials from Brown-Forman Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2026, in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) format: (a) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (b) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (c) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (d) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (e) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File in Inline XBRL format (included in Exhibit 101). 39 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION (Registrant) Date: March 4, 2026 By: /s/ Leanne D. Cunningham Leanne D. Cunningham Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the Registrant and as Principal Financial Officer) 40 