=== GOOGL_2026-02-05.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and may affect the trading price and price volatility of our Class A and Class C stock. Risks Specific to our Company We generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising. Reduced spending by advertisers, a loss of partners, shifts in online advertising, new and evolving advertising formats, or new or existing technologies that block ads online or affect our ability to personalize ads could harm our business. We generated more than 70% of total revenues from online advertising in 2025. Many of our advertisers, companies that distribute our products and services, digital publishers, and content providers can terminate their contracts with us at any time. These partners may not continue to do business with us if we do not create more value (such as increased numbers of users or customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, or more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. We believe AI is quickly reshaping the advertising industry, including how ads are delivered online, and we and our competitors are constantly adjusting to meet this shift and provide new and evolving advertising formats. There is no assurance that we will adapt effectively and competitively to meet this shift, and that such advertising formats, strategies, and offerings will be successful. Changes to our advertising policies and data privacy practices, as well as changes to other companies' advertising or data privacy practices have in the past, and may in the future, affect the advertising services that we are able to provide. In addition, technologies have been developed that make personalized ads more difficult, or that block the display of ads altogether, and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could impair the availability and functionality of third-party digital advertising. Failing to provide superior value or deliver advertisements effectively and competitively could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Expenditures by advertisers tend to correlate with overall economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions have affected, and may in the future affect, the demand for advertising, resulting in fluctuations in the amounts our advertisers spend on advertising, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. Our increasing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could divert management attention and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We have invested and expect to expand our investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies in a wide range of industries beyond online advertising. The investments that we are making across our businesses — such as building AI-optimized infrastructure, including our custom TPUs, and integrating AI capabilities into new and existing products and services — reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are helpful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, content providers, and distribution partners. Our investments ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in an adequate return of capital and, in pursuing new strategies, we may incur unanticipated liabilities. To meet the compute capacity demands of AI training and inference, as well as traditional cloud computing services, we are entering into significant leasing arrangements with third party operators, which may increase costs and operational complexity. We also have a number of large, long-duration commercial agreements, which could increase our liabilities and obligations in the event of nonperformance by us, our counterparties, or vendors. In such nonperformance or an industry downturn, we may incur additional liabilities, have excess capacity that we cannot easily redeploy, and not receive payments from our counterparties or customers. We have invested and expect to significantly expand our investment in property and equipment, including our technical infrastructure, and we expect these assets to benefit our business over their estimated useful lives. Changes in facts and circumstances such as changes to historical asset performance, expected technology advancements, and future network deployment plans could change the period over which we expect to benefit from the asset and impact our financial condition and operating results. Innovations in our products and services could also result in changes to user and customer behavior and affect our revenue trends. These endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion of resources and management attention from current operations, different monetization models, and the use of alternative investment, governance, or compensation structures that may fail to adequately align incentives across the company or otherwise accomplish their objectives. 9. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Within Google Services, we continue to invest heavily in devices, including our smartphones, home devices, and wearables, which is a highly competitive market with frequent introduction of new products and services, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, increased market saturation in developed countries, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in performance characteristics, and price and feature sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. There can be no assurance we will be able to provide devices that compete effectively. Within Google Cloud, we devote significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace, and we are advancing our AI platforms and models to support these tools and technologies, including the development of our custom TPUs and how we deliver them to our customers. We are incurring significant and increasing costs and new liabilities, including contingent liabilities, to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services, invest in cybersecurity, and hire talent. Meanwhile, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services and capacity. Pricing and delivery models, which are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny and requirements, are competitive and constantly evolving, and we may therefore not achieve our business objectives. Further, our business with financial services, healthcare, and public sector customers may present additional risks, including regulatory compliance risks. For instance, we may be subject to government audits and cost reviews, and any failure to comply or any deficiencies found may expose us to legal, financial, and reputational risks. Evolving laws and regulations may require us to make new capital investments, build new products, and seek partners to deliver localized services in other countries, and we may not be able to meet sovereign operating requirements. Within Other Bets, we are investing significantly in areas such as life sciences and transportation, among others. These investment areas face intense competition from large, experienced, and well-funded competitors, and our offerings, many of which involve the development of new and emerging technologies, may not be successful, or be able to compete effectively or operate at sufficient levels of profitability. In addition, new and evolving products and services, including those that use AI, raise ethical, technological, legal, regulatory, and other challenges, which could harm our brands and demand for our products and services. Because all of these investment areas are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful or will not harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners, we may not remain competitive, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Our businesses face changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of rival products and services. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. For example, with the rise of AI in recent years, we have increasingly focused our investments in building powerful AI tools and AI enhancements to our existing products and services to better cater to our users, customers, and other partners. As our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services. We must continue to invest significant resources in technical infrastructure, including the development of our custom TPUs, and research and development, including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our technology, products, and services. We have many competitors in different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups. Some competitors have longer operating histories and well-established relationships in various sectors. They can use their experience and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions and entering into other strategic arrangements; continuing to invest heavily in technical infrastructure, research and development, and in talent; initiating intellectual property and competition claims (whether or not meritorious); and continuing to compete for users, advertisers, customers, and content providers. Further, discrepancies in enforcement of existing laws may enable our lesser known competitors to aggressively interpret those laws without commensurate scrutiny, thereby affording them competitive advantages. Our competitors may also be able to innovate and provide products and services faster or more cost effectively than we can or may foresee the need for products and services before we do. We are developing frontier generative AI models and building AI capabilities into products and services across the company, tailoring them to the evolving preferences of our users and customers. AI technology and services are highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and require significant investment, including technical infrastructure, development, and operational costs. Our ability to deploy certain AI technologies critical for our products and services and for our business strategy may depend on the availability and pricing of third-party equipment and other technical infrastructure operations costs, including network capacity, energy, and equipment costs. Additionally, other companies may develop 10. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. AI products and technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies or more cost-effective to develop or deploy. Other companies may also have (or in the future may obtain) patents or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit, or interfere with our ability to make, use, or sell our own AI products and services. Our financial condition and operating results may also suffer if our products and services are not responsive in a timely manner to the evolving needs and desires of our users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers, or if we miscalculate those needs and desires and invest significantly in areas that fail to gain sufficient market traction. As new and existing technologies continue to develop, competitors and new entrants may be able to offer experiences that are, or that are perceived to be, substantially similar to or better than ours, and the consumers may change how they obtain information online, potentially reducing the utility of our existing products and services. These technologies could reduce usage of our products and services, and force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources to develop and operate equal or better products and services. Competitors' success in providing compelling products and services or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers could harm our financial condition and operating results. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we may experience downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including changes in customer usage and demand for our existing products and increasing demand for competing technologies; changes in the devices and modalities used to access our products and services; changes in geographic mix; deceleration or declines in advertiser spending; competition; decreases in the pricing of our products and services; ongoing product and policy changes; and shifts to lower priced products and services. We may experience downward pressure on our operating margin resulting from a variety of factors. These include increasing costs for many aspects of our business resulting from a higher level of investment in technical infrastructure, increasing regulations, and increasing competition. Certain of our costs and expenses are relatively fixed and may not correlate to changes in revenue, and we may also not be able to continue to drive efficiencies at the rate we have in the past. We may also face margin compression from an increase in the mix of lower-margin products and services, in particular from the continued expansion of our business into new fields, including products and services such as Google Cloud, our devices, and consumer subscription products, as well as significant investments in Other Bets. For instance, margins on our devices have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our consolidated margins due to pricing pressures and higher cost of sales. Due to these factors and the evolving nature of our business, our historical revenue growth rate and historical operating margin may not be indicative of our future performance. For additional information, see Trends in Our Business and Financial Effect and Revenues and Monetization Metrics in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brands as well as affect our ability to compete. Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services, and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts we have taken and may take in the future to protect our proprietary rights, including obtaining copyright and patent protections for our important innovations, including AI innovations, may not be sufficient or effective. There is also the possibility that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The confidentiality of such trade secrets and other sensitive information could be compromised, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. We also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word "Google" could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word "search." Some courts have ruled that "Google" is a protectable trademark, but it is possible that other courts, particularly those outside of the US, may reach a different determination. If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and ability to compete. Protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming; any increase in unauthorized use could make it more expensive to do business and harm our financial condition and operating results. Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch 11. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. new and innovative products and services that better serve the needs of our users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our brands have been, and may in the future be, harmed by a number of factors, including, among others, reputational issues, third-party content shared on our platforms, data privacy and security issues and developments, issues in delivering age-appropriate experiences to minors, and product or technical performance failures. For example, if we fail to respond appropriately to the sharing of misinformation or objectionable content on our services or products or objectionable practices by advertisers, or otherwise to adequately address user concerns, our users may lose confidence in our brands. Furthermore, failure to maintain and enhance our brands could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our success will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, trustworthy, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play a valuable role in a range of settings. We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that could affect our ability to supply our products and services and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We rely on contract manufacturers to manufacture or assemble our devices as well as servers and networking equipment used in our technical infrastructure, certain components of which we may supply. We also rely on third parties to supply components and distribute our products and services. Our business could be harmed if we are not able to engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations (whether due to financial difficulties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the pricing or other material terms of our arrangements with them. We have experienced and may in the future experience supply shortages, price increases, quality issues, or longer lead times that could harm our operations, driven by raw material or component availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, logistics capacity, inflation, foreign currency exchange rates, tariffs, sanctions and export controls, trade disputes and barriers, forced labor concerns, sourcing requirements, geopolitical tensions, armed conflicts, natural disasters or pandemics, the effects of climate change, power and transmission availability, and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. Some of the components we use in our technical infrastructure and our devices are available from only one or limited sources, and we may not be able to find replacement vendors on favorable terms in the event of a supply chain disruption. A significant supply interruption that affects us or our vendors could delay critical data center or network infrastructure upgrades or expansions and delay consumer product availability. Our ability to scale our technical infrastructure is increasingly constrained by the availability of power, water, and land. For example, energy supply is constrained globally due to the significant increase in demand for and limited availability of energy to power AI compute. Securing this capacity involves entering into complex, long-lead-time arrangements. Additionally, manufacturing and supply of servers and network equipment for our technical infrastructure, particularly for specialized AI chips, is limited to a small number of qualified suppliers. Extended or unforeseen disruptions at these suppliers could impact our ability to meet customer demand. Failure to secure sufficient capacity in a timely manner would limit our ability to train models and serve Cloud customers. We may enter into long-term contracts for materials and products that commit us to significant terms and conditions. We may face costs for materials and products that are not consumed due to market demand, technological change, excess or obsolete inventory, changed consumer preferences, quality, product recalls, and warranty issues. Certain of our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may affect our supply. For example, industry supply capacity for AI accelerators, including GPUs as well as our custom-built TPUs, is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. If we are unable to negotiate favorable contractual terms or our competitors claim the supply or capacity first, we may face increased costs and supply constraints, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our devices have had, and in the future may have, quality issues resulting from design, manufacturing, or operations. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. In addition, quality issues with equipment used in our technical infrastructure could constrain our capacity to support the delivery and continued development of our products and services. If the quality of our products and services does not meet expectations, we lack the capacity to deliver them, or our products or services are defective or require a corrective action or recall, it could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws and, where applicable, our company policies and practices, such as the Google Supplier Code of Conduct, regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance, and intellectual property licensing, but we do not control them or their practices. Violations of law or unethical business practices could result in supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, harm to key relationships, and damage to our reputation. Their failure to procure necessary license rights to intellectual property could affect our ability to sell our products or services and expose us to litigation or financial claims. 12. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Interruption to, interference with, or failure of our complex information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from modifications or upgrades, terrorist attacks, state-sponsored attacks, natural disasters or pandemics, geopolitical tensions or armed conflicts, export controls and sanctions, tariffs and non-tariff trade barriers, the effects of climate change, power and transmission availability challenges, utility outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, software bugs, cyber attacks, supply-chain attacks, computer denial of service attacks, phishing schemes, or other attempts to harm or access our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes or other natural disasters. Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and, in some cases, to potential disruptions resulting from problems experienced by facility operators or disruptions as a result of geopolitical tensions and conflicts happening in the area. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster or pandemic, closure of a facility, or other unanticipated problems affecting our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and have contained in the past, and may contain in the future, errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems. Any of these incidents could impede or prevent us from effectively offering products and providing services, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue growing internationally. International revenues accounted for approximately 52% of consolidated revenues in 2025. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, including: • restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the US; • sanctions, tariffs, import and export controls, other market access barriers, political unrest, geopolitical tensions, changes in regimes, or armed conflict (such as ongoing conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine), any of which may affect our business continuity, increase our operating costs, limit demand for our products and services, limit our ability to source components or final products, or prevent or impede us from operating in certain jurisdictions, complying with local laws, or offering products or services; • longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud; • an evolving foreign policy landscape that could harm our revenues and could subject us to litigation, new regulatory costs and challenges (including new customer requirements), uncertainty regarding regulatory outcomes, and other liabilities under local laws that may not offer due process or clear legal precedent; • anti-corruption laws, such as the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting certain payments to government officials, violations of which could result in civil and criminal penalties; and • different employee/employer relationships; different labor laws, regulations, and labor practices; and other challenges caused by distance, language, local expertise, and cultural differences, increasing the complexity of doing business in multiple jurisdictions. Because we conduct business in currencies other than US dollars but report our financial results in US dollars, we have faced, and will continue to face, exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the US dollar and foreign currencies have and may in the future adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Hedging programs are also inherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could harm our financial condition and operating results. Disruptions in our ability to access future financing or manage our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to execute our strategy and harm our financial condition. We may from time to time access capital markets for debt or seek to enter into other forms of financing, such as leases. Any difficulty in accessing capital markets, entering into other forms of financing on favorable terms, or managing our existing indebtedness could increase our costs of financing and restrict our ability to invest in our business. Furthermore, the combination of our current and any future indebtedness, including obligations arising under 13. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. leases, backstops, guarantees, and potential liabilities from large commercial agreements, could harm our financial condition and reduce our financial and business flexibility. We are exposed to fluctuations in the fair values of our investments and, in some instances, our financial statements incorporate inherently subjective valuation methodologies. The fair value of our debt and equity investments may in the future be, and certain investments have been in the past, negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses, performance and financial results of the underlying entities, foreign exchange rates, changes in interest rates, the effect of new or changing regulations, the stock market in general, or other factors. As a result of these factors, the value of our investments could significantly decline, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. We measure certain of our non-marketable equity and debt securities, and certain other instruments including stock-based compensation (SBC) awards of Other Bet companies, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, which is inherently subjective and requires management judgment and estimation. Gains and losses on non-marketable equity securities are recognized i

=== GOOGL_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and may affect the trading price and price volatility of our Class A and Class C stock. Below are material changes to our risk factors since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Risks Specific to our Company Our increasing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could divert management attention and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We have invested and expect to expand our investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies in a wide range of industries beyond online advertising. The investments that we are making across our businesses — such as building AI-optimized infrastructure, including our custom TPUs, and integrating AI capabilities into new and existing products and services — reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are helpful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, content providers, and distribution partners. Our investments ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in an adequate return of capital and, in pursuing new strategies, we may incur unanticipated liabilities, including those arising from the implementation of new regulatory requirements. We have invested and expect to significantly expand our investment in property and equipment, including our technical infrastructure, and we expect these assets to benefit our business over their estimated useful lives. Changes in facts and circumstances such as changes to historical asset performance, expected technology advancements, and future network deployment plans could change the period over which we expect to benefit from the asset and impact our financial condition and operating results. Innovations in our products and services could also result in changes to user and customer behavior and affect our revenue trends. These endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion of resources and management attention from current operations, different monetization models, and the use of alternative investment, governance, or compensation structures that may fail to adequately align incentives across the company or otherwise accomplish their objectives. Within Google Services, we continue to invest in devices, including our smartphones, home devices, and wearables, which is a highly competitive market with frequent introduction of new products and services, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, increased market saturation in developed countries, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in performance characteristics, and price and feature sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. There can be no assurance we will be able to provide devices that compete effectively. Within Google Cloud, we devote significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace, and we are advancing our AI platforms and models to support these tools and technologies, including the development of our custom TPUs and how we deliver them to our customers. We are incurring significant and increasing costs and liabilities to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services, invest in cybersecurity, and hire talent. Meanwhile, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services and capacity. Pricing and delivery models, which are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny and requirements, are competitive and constantly evolving, and we may therefore not achieve our business objectives. Further, our business with financial services, healthcare, and public sector customers may present additional risks, including regulatory compliance risks. For instance, we may be subject to government audits and cost reviews, and any failure to comply or any deficiencies found may expose us to legal, financial, and reputational risks. Evolving laws and regulations may require us to make new capital investments, build new products, and seek partners to deliver localized services in other countries, and we may not be able to meet sovereign operating requirements. 49 To meet the AI compute capacity demands of our customers, we are engaging in the supply of our custom hardware which may increase our costs and operational complexity. We also have a number of large, long-duration commercial agreements, which could increase our liabilities and obligations in the event of nonperformance by us, our counterparties, or vendors. These include certain financial guarantees, such as backstops to support the build-out of third-party data centers and power infrastructure. In the event of such nonperformance or industry challenges, we may incur additional liabilities, have excess capacity that we cannot easily redeploy, and not receive payments from our counterparties or customers. Within Other Bets, we are investing significantly in areas such as transportation and life sciences, among others. These investment areas face intense competition from large, experienced, and well-funded competitors, and our offerings, many of which involve the development of new and emerging technologies, may not be successful, or be able to compete effectively or operate at sufficient levels of profitability. In addition, new and evolving products and services, including those that use AI, raise ethical, technological, legal, regulatory, and other challenges, which could harm our brands and demand for our products and services. Because all of these investment areas are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful or will not harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities None. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, the following Section 16 officer terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act): • Ruth M. Porat , President and Chief Investment Officer , Alphabet and Google, terminated a trading plan on March 3, 2026 that was originally adopted on November 29, 2025. The trading plan was scheduled to be in effect until March 2, 2027 to sell up to 154,486 shares (gross, plus any dividend equivalent units) of Class C Capital Stock issued upon the vesting of Ruth's Alphabet 2021 Performance Stock Units, as adjusted based on performance (shares sold are net of tax withholding). There were no “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) adopted , modified, or terminated during the quarter ended March 31, 2026 by our directors and Section 16 officers. Each of the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements are in accordance with our Policy Against Insider Trading and actual sale transactions made pursuant to such trading arrangements will be disclosed publicly in Section 16 filings with the SEC in accordance with applicable securities laws, rules, and regulations. 50 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A), certain instruments which define the rights of holders of long-term debt of Alphabet Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are not filed herewith, and the Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated by reference herein Form Date 4.1 Indenture, dated February 12, 2016, between Alphabet Inc. and The Bank of Ne