=== CNP_2026-03-04.htm.gz ===
tm261341-3_nonfiling - block - 25.6343306s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Energy for what matters most Welcome to the CenterPoint Energy Annual Shareholder Meeting March 4 , 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders: On behalf of the Board of Directors (Board), I am pleased to invite you to attend our annual shareholder meeting (Annual Meeting) to be held on April 16, 2026, at 8:30 a.m. central time in our auditorium located at 1111 Louisiana Street in Houston, Texas. Details regarding how to attend the meeting and the business to be conducted are in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement. At CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CenterPoint Energy or the Company), we believe our strategic positioning and investment outlook support a compelling long-term growth profile. Our strategy is focused on enabling unprecedented growth and economic development across numerous sectors, while enhancing system resiliency and strengthening energy security across our service territories and keeping a keen eye toward customer affordability. In September 2025, we announced a company-record, ten-year capital plan, which we further increased in February 2026, for approximately $65.5 billion of investment through 2035, including investments aimed at advancing economic growth, improving the customer experience through enhancing the safety, reliability, and resiliency of our systems, and delivering consistent value for all stakeholders. We believe this plan positions us to support the incredible growth in the nation s most dynamic and economically diverse markets, strengthen system resiliency, and advance energy security through innovation all while maintaining a relentless focus on customer affordability. As we enter 2026, we believe that we are well positioned with the right strategy, the right leadership team, and a constructive regulatory environment to enable us to deliver on our commitments. Each year, we strive to move closer to realizing our vision of becoming the most admired utility in the United States. Reflections on 2025: Strategic Plan Execution We believe we have one of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry that has resulted in strong outcomes for our stakeholders. This past year was yet another illustration of our ability to execute on this plan for the benefit of our customers, communities, and shareholders. Over the course of the year, we delivered meaningful improvements in both electric reliability and resilience. This included making significant progress on an important commitment by completing major portions of the Greater Houston Resiliency Initiative (GHRI), which we announced in 2024, ahead of the 2025 hurricane season, and we continue to work to enhance the resiliency and reliability of the Company s grid in the Greater Houston area. We also began delivering on our System Resiliency Plan in 2025 and will seek to continue progress towards our goal of building and operating the most resilient coastal grid in the nation over the coming years. Additionally, in 2025, we continued leading a thoughtful and disciplined generation transition in our Indiana service territory, filing our 2025 Integrated Resource Plan that provided our stakeholders further clarity on our plans to replace aging baseload generation with modern, flexible, and more affordable fuel sources. In our natural gas business, we are continuing our work to modernize our infrastructure, which includes becoming a leading deployer of Intelis smart meters on our systems and eliminating all known remaining cast-iron pipe in our systems as of the end of 2025, as part of our efforts to build and operate the safest gas systems in the country. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our 2025 financial results highlight our ability to create sustainable, long-term value. I am proud to report that during the year we both increased and delivered on our 2025 non-GAAP EPS guidance. In addition, we increased our long-term annual non-GAAP EPS growth outlook to 7-9% through 2035, targeting the mid-to-high end of the range from 2026 to 2028.* This latest year of strong financial performance extends a track record of delivering top quartile growth among our peers for our shareholders. As we move forward, we remain focused on executing on our capital investment plans to enable growth and improve customer outcomes for the benefit of all our stakeholders. Board Changes In October of 2025, I was humbled when the Board appointed me as its new Chair, succeeding long-time Board member Phillip Smith, who served as Chair since 2024 and will retire from the Board prior to the Annual Meeting. On behalf of the entire Board, I congratulate Phil on his retirement and thank him for his commitment to serving the Company and valuable contributions during a period of significant transition. I also thank Christopher Franklin, who provides strong independent Board leadership in his role as the Board s Lead Independent Director. Together with the entire Board, we are committed to advancing CenterPoint Energy s long-term strategy and executing our new ten-year capital plan for the benefit of our customers, communities, and shareholders. We continue to believe that having a Board composed of directors possessing a comprehensive and complementary mix of skills, experiences, perspectives, and qualifications is critical to our Board s ability to oversee the Company s strategy and risk management. Accordingly, as part of the Board s ongoing refreshment process, the Board is excited to nominate Michael A. Casey Herman to the Board. Mr. Herman has significant financial and accounting expertise as a former senior audit partner and U.S. Utility Power Sector Leader at one of the largest professional service firms in the world. Additionally, if elected, Mr. Herman would bring to our Board nearly three decades of experience leading complex audits and providing consulting services for companies in the utility industry. The Board believes that Mr. Herman would provide the Board with valuable skills and perspectives as it oversees the Company s financial statements, enterprise risk management, and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, particularly as the Company continues to execute and make significant investments pursuant to our ten-year capital plan. For further information on our nominees to the Board, please see Item 1. Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement. Management Team Changes Delivering at pace on the incredible scope of work contemplated in our ten-year capital plan to support the unprecedented growth that we anticipate in our service territories requires a high-performing management team. A core responsibility of the Board is overseeing executive succession planning such that the Company maintains a highly qualified management team capable of executing this ambitious strategy and enabling smooth transitions as organizational changes occur. In 2025, the Board continued to actively oversee and advise on executive succession planning and leadership development. During the year, we were pleased to welcome several new leaders to CenterPoint Energy, including Jesus Soto, Jr., who was appointed as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer effective August 11, 2025. With this experienced management team in place, we believe CenterPoint Energy is well positioned to execute our strategy and deliver on the significant opportunities ahead. 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Your vote is important to us. Whether or not you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote promptly. You may vote on the internet; by telephone; or by completing, signing, dating, and returning a proxy card or voting instruction form. Thank you for your investment and continued support of CenterPoint Energy. Sincerely, Jason P. Wells Chair of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer * Disclaimers regarding forward-looking statements, our energy transition goals, and non-GAAP financial metrics, including a reconciliation of 2025 non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP metric, can be found in Appendix A. CenterPoint Energy is unable to present a quantitative reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP diluted earnings per share without unreasonable effort because changes in the value of the Company s 2.0% Zero-Premium Exchangeable Subordinated Notes due 2029 (ZENs) and related securities, future impairments, and other unusual items are not estimable and are difficult to predict due to various factors outside of management s control. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary 1 Item 1: Election of Directors 6 Nominees for Directors 6 Director Nomination Process 21 Annual Board Assessment and Director Evaluation 22 Director Independence 23 Insider Trading Policy 23 Code of Ethics and Ethics and Compliance Code 23 Bylaws Amendment and Restatement 24 Conflicts of Interest and Related-Party Transactions 24 Majority Voting in Director Elections 25 Board Leadership 26 The Board s Role in Risk Oversight 27 Executive Succession Planning and Leadership Development 28 Director Attendance 29 Board Organization and Committees 30 Shareholder Engagement 34 Communications with Directors 35 Website Availability of Documents 35 Compensation of Directors 35 Director Compensation Table 38 Stock Ownership 39 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 41 Executive Summary 41 Executive Compensation Program Overview 43 Design of Executive Compensation Program 44 2025 Executive Compensation Program 47 Actions Taken Regarding 2026 Executive Compensation Program 54 Our Executive Compensation Decision-Making Process 58 Other Compensation Programs and Practices 60 Executive Compensation Tables 63 Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2025 63 Grants of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal Year 2025 66 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards 67 Equity Incentive Plan Awards Additional Information 67 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2025 69 Option Exercises and Stock Vested for Fiscal Year 2025 70 Pension Benefits 70 Savings Plan and Savings Restoration Plan 71 Deferred Compensation Plan 71 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table 72 Potential Payments upon Change in Control or Termination 73 Rabbi Trust 76 Pay Versus Performance 77 Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio 81 Equity Compensation Plan Information 82 Report of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee 83 Report of the Audit Committee 84 Principal Accounting Firm Fees 85 Audit Committee Policies and Procedures for Preapproval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 85 Item 2: Ratification of Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 86 Item 3: Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 87 Item 4: Approval of CenterPoint Energy s Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation to Provide for Limited Officer Exculpation and Make Certain Other Immaterial Updates 90 General Information 92 Frequently Asked Questions About Voting 92 Other Matters 94 Shareholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 94 Director Nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting 94 Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials 94 Householding of Annual Meeting Materials 94 Annual Report to Shareholders 95 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information and Energy Transition Goals Disclaimer 95 Appendix A Reconciliation of non-GAAP Financial Measures to GAAP A-1 Appendix B B-1 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders Dear Shareholders: You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. This is your notice for the meeting. TIME AND DATE 8:30 a.m. Central Time on April 16, 2026 PLACE The CenterPoint Energy auditorium at 1111 Louisiana Street, Houston, Texas RECORD DATE February 18, 2026 Items of Business Elect the eleven nominees named in the Proxy Statement as directors to hold office until the 2027 annual meeting; Ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; Conduct an advisory vote on executive compensation; Approve CenterPoint Energy s Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation to provide for limited officer exculpation and make certain other immaterial updates; and Conduct other business if properly raised. RECORD DATE Holders of record of CenterPoint Energy common stock at the close of business on February 18, 2026 are entitled to vote. PROXY VOTING Each share of CenterPoint Energy common stock entitles the holder to one vote on each matter to be voted on at the meeting. You may vote either by attending the meeting or by proxy. For specific voting information, please see Frequently Asked Questions About Voting beginning on page 92 of the Proxy Statement that follows. Even if you plan to attend the meeting, please sign, date, and return the enclosed proxy card or submit your proxy using the Internet or telephone procedures described on the proxy card. Sincerely, Vincent A. Mercaldi Corporate Secretary Dated and first sent to shareholders on or about March 4, 2026 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Shareholder Meeting to be Held April 16, 2026 The proxy statement and annual report to shareholders are available at: https://materials.proxyvote.com/15189t CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information that is contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. It does not contain all the information that you should consider. We encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Annual Meeting Agenda and Voting Recommendations At the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (Annual Meeting), you will be asked to vote on the following four proposals. The table below includes each proposal as well as our recommendation. Proposal More Information Board Recommendation Item 1: Election of directors Page 6 FOR each Nominee Item 2: Ratification of appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm Page 86 FOR Item 3: Advisory vote on executive compensation Page 87 FOR Item 4: Approval of CenterPoint Energy s Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation to provide for limited officer exculpation and make certain other immaterial updates Page 90 FOR About CenterPoint Energy As the only investor-owned electric and gas utility based in Texas, CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (the Company or CenterPoint Energy) is an energy delivery company with electric transmission and distribution, power generation, and natural gas distribution operations that, as of December 31, 2025, served more than 7 million metered customers in Indiana, Minnesota, Ohio, and Texas. On October 20, 2025, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company has agreed to sell all of the issued and outstanding equity interests in its Ohio regulated natural gas local distribution (LDC) business, subject to certain closing conditions. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned approximately $46.5 billion in assets. With approximately 8,800 employees as of December 31, 2025, CenterPoint Energy and its predecessor companies have been in business for more than 150 years. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, when we refer to periods prior to September 1, 2002, CenterPoint Energy should be understood to mean or include the public companies that were its predecessors. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Director Nominee The Board of Directors of CenterPoint Energy (the Board), considering the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, has nominated eleven directors for election to the Board. Name and Primary Occupation Age Director Since Independent Committee Membership Wendy Montoya Cloonan Houston Managing Partner at Cantu Harden Montoya LLP 46 2021 Corporate Governance and Nominating (Chair); Human Capital and Compensation Barbara J. Duganier Former Managing Director and Global Chief Strategy Officer of the Outsourcing Business at Accenture plc 67 2024 Audit (Chair); Safety and Operations Laurie L. Fitch Former Partner, Strategic Advisory of PJT Partners 56 Apr. 2025 Audit; Human Capital and Compensation Christopher H. Franklin Lead Independent Director of the Board of CenterPoint Energy and Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of Essential Utilities 60 2022 Corporate Governance and Nominating; Safety and Operations (Chair) Michael A. Casey Herman Former Senior Partner and U.S. Utility Power Sector Leader of PricewaterhouseCoopers 61 First Time Nominee Raquelle W. Lewis Southeast Texas Director of Communications Public Information Officer for the Texas Department of Transportation 55 2021 Audit; Human Capital and Compensation Thaddeus J. Malik Principal at S2T Solutions and Attorney 59 2023 Audit; Corporate Governance and Nominating; Safety and Operations Manuel B. Miranda Former Executive Vice President of Power Delivery of Florida Power Light Company 65 Apr. 2025 Audit; Safety and Operations Theodore F. Pound Private Investor and Attorney 71 2015 Corporate Governance and Nominating; Human Capital and Compensation (Chair) Dean L. Seavers Former President of National Grid U.S. and Executive Director of National Grid plc 65 2024 Corporate Governance and Nominating; Human Capital and Compensation; Safety and Operations Jason P. Wells Chair of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer of CenterPoint Energy 48 2024 2 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Qualifications and Skills Public Company or Large Organization Senior Leadership Experience Public Company Governance Experience Cybersecurity and Physical Security Community Involvement Human Capital Management Strategic Planning Utility Industry Experience Finance and Accounting Risk Management Government, Legal, and Regulatory Customer Experience Technology and Innovation Energy Transition Operations and Safety Experience For additional information regarding our director nominees, including their skills and experience, see Item 1. Election of Directors. Governance Highlights Strong governance practices protect the long-term interests of our customers, communities, and shareholders. The Company remains focused on implementing and maintaining good governance practices, including those reflected below. For additional information regarding our corporate governance practices, see Item 1. Election of Directors. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Highlights The following are some highlights of our executive compensation program. Our executive compensation program is designed to recruit and retain talent, align payment with performance, and align our executive officers interests with those of our shareholders. For more information on our compensation program, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis below. Key Features of Our Executive Compensation Program Strong Pay for Performance No Employment Agreements Double Trigger Provisions for Change in Control Plan and Equity Awards Executive Severance Guidelines No Excise Tax Gross Up Payments Stock Ownership Guidelines Benchmark Pay to Market Recovery and Recoupment (Clawback) Policies Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policy 100% Independent Human Capital and Compensation Committee Independent Compensation Consultant 4 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Target Compensation Opportunities for Named Executive Officers The following graphics reflect the components of the target total direct compensation opportunities provided to our named executive officers. As depicted below, a substantial portion of the compensation for our named executive officers is at risk and performance-based, meaning that actual compensation realized in a given year will vary depending on Company financial and operational performance, stock price performance, and individual performance. Target Compensation Mix as of December 31, 2025 (consisting of base salary, short-term incentives, and long-term incentives) * The graphic represents the average size of each component as a percentage of each named executive officer s total target direct compensation opportunities (other than the Chair of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer s compensation opportunities, which are presented separately) as of December 31, 2025, approved by the Human Capital and Compensation Committee in 2025. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1: E LECTION OF D IRECTORS Nominees for Directors Each of our directors will be elected at this year s meeting to a one-year term expiring at the annual meeting of shareholders in 2027. If any nominee becomes unavailable for election, the Board can name a substitute nominee, and proxies will be voted for the substitute nominee pursuant to discretionary authority. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named below. Board Composition Highlights Our Board believes that having directors with a range of complementary qualifications, skills, and expertise is essential to effectively discharging its oversight responsibility while advancing the Company s long-term business strategy. Accordingly, the Board reviews its composition regularly and believes that our director nominees reflect an appropriate balance of business and professional experience, skills, and perspectives. 6 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The below chart summarizes certain information for each of our director nominees, including their key skills and qualifications that support oversight and execution of our near- and long-term strategy: Skills and Qualifications W. Cloonan B. Duganier L. Fitch C. Franklin C. Herman R. Lewis T. Malik M. Miranda T. Pound D. Seavers J. Wells Age (as of March 4 , 2026) 46 67 56 60 61 55 59 65 71 65 48 CNP Tenure (in years) 5 2 1 4 0 4 2 1 11 2 2 Public Company or Large Organization Senior Leadership Experience: An understanding of the complexities inherent in running a public company or large organization provides a unique perspective that helps the Board oversee the Company s management, long-term strategic planning, shareholder value creation, human capital management, risk oversight, governance, and shareholder engagement . Risk Management: Overseeing risk in a rapidly changing environment is critical. We seek directors with experience managing or overseeing business, financial, operational, safety, environmental, and other risks relevant to the Company. Utility Industry Experience: Our business is highly regulated and complex, with significant public policy and safety implications. We therefore believe it is important for the execution of our strategy to seek directors with experience in the regulated utility industry. Operations and Safety Experience: To help the Company develop and implement our capital plan and business strategy and continuously improve the resiliency and reliability of our operations, we seek directors with experience in operational roles at businesses with capital intensive infrastructure projects that must ensure the safety of employees and the public. Finance and Accounting: A deep understanding of finance and financial reporting processes is essential to the Board s oversight of our strategic performance, capital allocation, financial reporting, and internal controls. We seek directors with knowledge and experience in corporate finance, accounting, and financial reporting as well as directors with accounting or related financial management expertise within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. Community Involvement: As a utility that provides the energy necessary to fuel the business, innovation, and lives of the communities we serve, we seek directors with strong ties to and engagement with the communities in which we operate through, among other things, participation in local non-profit organizations, schools, and community service. Government, Legal, and Regulatory: Our business is heavily regulated and is directly impacted by governmental actions. Further, the success of our long-term plan may be impacted by certain regulatory, legal, or governmental decisions. We seek to have directors with experience in law, public policy, and regulatory matters to provide insight and develop strategies that incorporate current and potential changes in these areas. Public Company Governance Experience: Directors with strong public company governance experience, including serving on other public company boards, are able to help the Board focus on appropriate matters and function effectively in the development and oversight of our long-term plan and implementation of best practices for the Company. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Skills and Qualifications W. Cloonan B. Duganier L. Fitch C. Franklin C. Herman R. Lewis T. Malik M. Miranda T. Pound D. Seavers J. Wells Human Capital Management: Building and maintaining a talented and engaged workforce is a critical part of who we are and our ability to execute our long-term strategy. We seek directors who understand key drivers of culture, employee health and safety, organizational health, and talent management and have the knowledge and skills necessary to oversee our workforce development and strategies. Customer Experience: Directors with experience in customer-facing businesses can provide the Board with critical insights and perspectives on meeting customer needs, optimizing the customer experience, and enabling a culture of service excellence as the Company continually seeks to strengthen its relationship with customers, improve customer communications, and build confidence in our commitment to providing reliable energy. Technology and Innovation: Our industry is undergoing transformational change as a result of advances in technology and changing customer expectations about products and services. Directors with experience in new technology and innovation can provide the Board with critical insights and perspectives on leveraging new technologies and navigating AI-related opportunities and risks as the Company seeks to execute our long-term strategy, improve overall operations, enhance resiliency, and strengthen storm preparedness and emergency response efforts. Cybersecurity and Physical Security: Maintaining the security of our assets, both physical and digital, is critical to our success. Therefore, we seek out directors with experience in managing or overseeing these risks and who can provide valuable insight to the Board in connection with its oversight of these matters. Strategic Planning: As CenterPoint Energy continues to implement our long-term strategy, including executing our ten-year capital plan, we seek directors who have experience with strategic transactions and strategic planning in overseeing the Company s continued execution of our long-term strategy as well as development of future plans and strategies for the Company. Energy Transition: Directors with experience overseeing or advising on energy transition matters will help to ensure that we understand and manage the related risks and opportunities effectively. Meets the criteria for an audit committee financial expert pursuant to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules. 8 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Listed below are the biographies of each director nominee. The biographies include information regarding each individual s service as a director of the Company, business and public company board experience for at least the past five years, and the experiences, qualifications, attributes, or skills that led the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board to determine that the person was supportive to the oversight and execution of the Company s near- and long-term strategy and, therefore, should serve as a director for the Company. The eleven nominees for election at the Annual Meeting are: CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Wendy Montoya Cloonan Houston Managing Partner at Cantu Harden Montoya LLP Age: 46 Independent Director Since 2021 Committees: Corporate Governance and Nominating (Chair) Human Capital and Compensation Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Government, Legal, and Regulatory As a public law attorney and a Commissioner of the Port Authority of Houston, Ms. Cloonan brings beneficial experience addressing the relationships among national, state, and local governments and businesses and individuals in our service territory. This experience helps the Board oversee and support the relationships between the Company and its various regulators as the Company continues to execute on our ten-year capital plan. Community Involvement As someone who has deep ties to the Houston community, Ms. Cloonan provides valuable insights regarding how the Company s policies, and short- and long-term plans, impact our communities. Risk Management As a Commissioner of the Port Authority of Houston, the largest port in tonnage and busiest waterway in the nation, Ms. Cloonan sets policies and guides the port in a constantly evolving environment by balancing leading-edge technologies, including billion-dollar improvements in productivity, reliability, and resiliency, with environmental compliance and community initiatives. This background, as well as Ms. Cloonan s experience advising clients on capital projects within legal, compliance, and regulatory frameworks, brings a critical perspective to the Board s enterprise risk management oversight role. Experience Houston Managing Partner (2023 Present) at Cantu Harden Montoya LLP, a public law and public finance firm Founder and Sole Shareholder (2019 2022) of The Law Office of Wendy Montoya Cloonan, PLLC, a public law and public finance firm based in Houston, Texas Senior Program Officer in Education, Assistant General Counsel and Director of Legal (2015 2019) at the Houston Endowment, Inc., a private foundation that partners with other organizations in the non-profit, public, and private sectors to improve quality of life for the residents of greater Houston Public law and finance attorney at Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP (formerly Andrews Kurth LLP) (2013 2015), Schwartz, Page Harding, L.L.P. (2011 2013) and Vinson Elkins L.L.P. (2006 2011) Other Boards (For Profit and Non-Profit Entities) Commissioner, Chair of Community Relations Committee and Governance Committee, and member of Strategic Sourcing Committee, Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Dredge Task Force Committee Port Authority of Houston (2019 Present) Vice Chair (2024 Present) and Board Member (2021 Present) Harris County Hospital District Foundation Secretary (2023 Present) and Board Member (2021 Present) Advocates of a Latino Museum of Art Architecture Houston/Harris County (ALMAAHH) Board Member Houston Parks Board (2023 Present) Chair (2024 Present) and Board Member (2023 Present) Harris County One For All Foundation Member (2023 Present), Chapter President-Elect (2023 2024) and Chapter President (2024 2025) Young Men s (and Mothers) Service League Board Member Kinder High School for the Performing Visual Arts (2024 Present) Education and Credentials B.A., Yale University M.P.P., John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University J.D., with Honors, The University of Texas School of Law National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Directorship Certified National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Effective AI Oversight for Directors Certified Harvard Business School Corporate Director Certificate (Governance, Audit, Compensation) Harvard Business School, Certificate in Financial Accounting CERT Certificate: Cybersecurity Oversight, Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Digital Directors Network, Certificate in Systemic Cyber Risk Governance for U.S. Public Company Corporate Directors 10 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Barbara J. Duganier Former Managing Director and Global Chief Strategy Officer of the Outsourcing Business at Accenture plc Age: 67 Independent Director Since 2024 Committees: Audit (Chair) Safety and Operations Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Finance and Accounting Ms. Duganier has extensive experience serving on public and private company audit committees, including as the chair of audit committees as well as an audit committee financial expert pursuant to SEC rules. Further, Ms. Duganier has extensive experience advising public companies on financial and accounting matters. The Board finds this experience critical to the Board s and Audit Committee s oversight of the Company s financial statements and filings with the SEC. Strategic Planning As a Managing Director at Accenture plc, a leading provider of strategy, consulting, technology, and operations services to companies in various industries, Ms. Duganier has extensive experience in strategic planning. Additionally, Ms. Duganier has served on both private and public company boards in a diversity of industries. This experience provides a unique perspective to the Board as it oversees the Company s short- and long-term strategic plans. Cybersecurity and Physical Security Ms. Duganier has extensive experience serving on public and private company board committees responsible for overseeing cybersecurity matters, including cybersecurity risks. Ms. Duganier therefore brings important experience to the Board s and Audit Committee s oversight of cybersecurity matters and their evolving risks. Experience Held various positions (2004 2013) of increasing responsibility as a Managing Director including the position of Global Chief Strategy Officer of the Outsourcing Business and Global Growth and Offering Development Lead of the Global Business Process Outsourcing Business at Accenture plc, a leading provider of strategy, consulting, technology, and operations services to various industries and sectors. Independent Consultant, Finance Transformation Program (2002 2003) at Duke Energy North America, a subsidiary of Duke Energy, one of America s largest energy holding companies that provides electric utility and natural gas services. Held various positions (1979 2002) of increasing responsibility at Arthur Andersen LLP, an accounting firm that provided auditing, tax advising, consulting and other professional services to large public corporations, including as an equity Partner and as the Global Chief Financial Officer of Andersen Worldwide. Other Boards (For Profit and Non-Profit Entities) U.S. Public Company Texas Pacific Land Corporation (2021 Present) MRC Global Inc. (2015 2024) Noble Energy, Inc. (2018 2020) Buckeye Partners, L.P. (2013 2019) HCC Insurance (2015 2015) Other Public Company Arcadis NV (EURONEXT) (2023 Present) Other McDermott International (2020 Present) Pattern Energy (2021 Present) West Monroe Partners (2018 2021) John Carroll University (2019 Present) National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Texas Tri-Cities Chapter (2015 2024) Education and Credentials B.B.A., John Carroll University Licensed CPA Texas National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Directorship Certified CERT Certificate: Cybersecurity Oversight, Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Master Class on Cyber Risk Oversight CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Laurie L. Fitch Former Partner, Strategic Advisory of PJT Partners Age: 56 Independent Director Since Apr. 2025 Committees: Audit Human Capital and Compensation Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Finance and Accounting As an institutional equity investor and investment banker, Ms. Fitch has over 25 years of experience focusing on corporate finance, capital markets, debt and equity financing, and financial strategy. Additionally, Ms. Fitch serves as a director on the board of Man Group plc, an active investment management business, and has experience serving on public company and non-profit institution audit committees. The Board believes that this experience is important to the Board s oversight of the Company s plans to make significant capital investments focused on additional system resiliency, reliability, and grid modernization, including the associated financing of such investments. Utility Industry Experience Ms. Fitch has vast experience advising companies in the utility industry on strategy, corporate finance, and transactions as an equity investor and investment banker. Further, Ms. Fitch previously served as a non-executive director on the board of EDP, SA, a global integrated utility company. Ms. Fitch s utility industry experience provides important insights to the Board as it oversees the Company s continued execution of our ten-year capital plan. Energy Transition As a non-executive director on the board of EDP Renov veis, SA, a global renewable energy company that develops, constructs, and operates wind and solar power generation facilities, Ms. Fitch provides important insights to the Board with respect to overseeing the risks and opportunities associated with transitioning to sources of energy with lower emissions profiles. The Board believes this experience is beneficial to the Company as the Board oversees the Company s generation transition. Experience Former Partner, Strategic Advisory (2016 2023) of PJT Partners, a global advisory-focused investment bank Managing Director, Co-Head Global Industrials Group (2012 2016) of Morgan Stanley Co, a global investment bank and financial services company Senior Analyst and Partner, International Growth (2006 2011) of Artisan Partners LP, an asset management company Managing Director and Director of International Research (2002 2006) of TIAA-CREF, an asset management company Associate Analyst, Equity Research (1999 2002) of Schroder Co./UBS, global financial services companies VP, Middle East and Africa Division (1994 1999) of The Bank of New York, a global financial services company Other Boards (For Profit and Non-Profit Entities) Public Company EDP Renov veis, SA (2024 Present) Man Group plc (2023 Present) EDP, SA (2018 2024) Enquest plc (2018 2021) Other Trustee The American University in Cairo (2019 present) Member Tate Board of Trustees (UK) Investment Committee (2025 Present), Finance and Operations Committee (2015 2025), and Audit Committee (2015 2025) Education and Credentials M.A., Georgetown University B.A., American University 12 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Christopher H. Franklin Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of Essential Utilities Age: 60 Lead Independent Director of the Board Independent Director Since 2022 Committees: Corporate Governance and Nominating Safety and Operations (Chair) Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Utility Industry Experience As the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of a public utility company, Mr. Franklin has key experience and understanding regarding the management of a public utility that provides the Board with valuable insight as the Board oversees the Company s short- and long-term plans and the Company s regulatory and legislative priorities for the benefit of the Company s stakeholders. Customer Experience As the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of a public utility company, Mr. Franklin provides valuable insight regarding the relationship between a public company and its customers, including as customers continue to seek additional technological resources to improve the customer experience. This insight is critical to the Board and the Company as we continuously seek to improve our service for the benefit of our customers and communities. Operations and Safety Experience As the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of a public utility, Mr. Franklin has extensive experience regarding the operations of a utility and managing such operations in a safe manner for the communities it operates in and its employees. This experience is critical to the Board as it oversees the Company s operations, including the safe operation of our facilities for the benefit of our employees, customers, and communities. Experience Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President (2015 Present) of Essential Utilities, Inc., a public company providing regulated utilities, including water, wastewater and natural gas, to customers in 10 states; has served in various roles of increasing responsibility at Essential Utilities, Inc. (f.k.a. AquaAmerica, Inc.) since 1992 Other Boards (For Profit and Non-Profit Entities) Public Company Chairman, Essential Utilities, Inc. (2015 Present) ITC Holdings (2011 2016) Other University of Pennsylvania Board of Trustees (2015 Present) Franklin Institute of Philadelphia (2017 Present) Independence Blue Cross (2024 Present) Education and Credentials B.S., West Chester University M.B.A., Villanova University CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Michael A. Casey Herman Former Senior Partner and U.S. Utility Power Sector Leader of PricewaterhouseCoopers Age: 61 Independent Director Nominee Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Finance and Accounting Mr. Herman has nearly three decades of experience serving as a lead partner for the external audits of multiple Fortune 500 companies in the energy, utility, and power sectors. He is also a licensed CPA. The Board believes that this extensive experience will be important for its oversight of the Company s financial statements and filings with the SEC. Utility Industry Experience Mr. Heman has nearly three decades of experience leading complex audits and providing consulting services for companies in the utility industry, including through his leadership of the U.S. Utility Power Sector practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). Additionally, Mr. Herman has served as a C-suite advisor and member of several utility industry-related boards, including as Chair of the Electric Power Research Institute s Advisory Council. The Board believes that Mr. Herman s utility industry experience will provide important insights to the Board as it oversees the Company s enterprise risk management and long-term strategy, including the execution of our ten-year capital plan. Strategic Planning As a former U.S. Utility Power Sector Leader at PwC, Mr. Herman has extensive experience in strategic planning for companies in the utility industry, including advising utility clients with respect to complex corporate transactions and business acquisition and disposition issues. The Board believes that this experience will be advantageous as it oversees the Company s short- and long-term strategic plans. Experience Held various positions (1986 2025) of increasing responsibility, including the positions of U.S. Utility Power Sector Leader (2014 2021) and U.S. Sustainability Services Leader (2021 2023), at PwC, an international professional services firm Other Boards (For Profit and Non-Profit Entities) Dragos, Inc. (2025 Present) Tulane University A.B. Freeman School of Business Dean s Business School Council (2023 Present) Board Member (2014 Present) and Treasurer (2016 Present) Berkshire School Chair (2023 2025) and Member (2018 2025) Electric Power Research Institute Advisory Committee Edison Electric Institute Wall Street Advisory Group (2014 2025) Feeding America (2007 2014) Education and Credentials BSM, A.B. Freeman School of Business at Tulane University Licensed CPA Illinois and Louisiana 14 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Raquelle W. Lewis Southeast Texas Director of Communications Public Information Offices for the Texas Department of Transportation Age: 55 Independent Director Since 2021 Committees: Audit Human Capital and Compensation Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Government, Legal, and Regulatory Ms. Lewis provides valuable government relations experience, including navigating federal, state, and local regulations covering transportation projects. Ms. Lewis is able to use this experience to help the Board as it oversees the relationship of the Company with government entities and as the Company navigates various federal, state, and local regulations to complete infrastructures projects to better serve our stakeholders. Customer Experience As a Public Information Office leader at the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT), Ms. Lewis has extensive experience receiving and facilitating communications with community leaders, businesses, and individuals, which provides valuable insight to the Board as it oversees the Company s outreach strategy for serving our communities and stakeholders to provide critical services. Community Involvement As a member of multiple non-profit boards and organizations in the Greater Houston area, Ms. Lewis maintains strong ties and engagement with the communities that we serve, which provides valuable insights regarding how the Company s policies, and short- and long-term plans, impact our communities. Experience Held various positions (2008 Present) of increasing responsibility, including the position of Southeast Texas Director of Communications Public Information Offices (2017 Present) of TxDOT, a state government organization that plans, constructs, operates, and maintains Texas integrated transportation system including highways and multimodal programs Served as Special Advisor to TxDOT Executive Director and the Executive Administration (2015) Held various positions (1998 2008) of increasing responsibility, including the position of Supervising Planner/Program Manager at Parsons Brinkerhoff, Inc., a multinational engineering and design firm that specializes in strategic consulting, planning, engineering, construction management, energy, infrastructure, and community planning Other Boards (For Profit and Non-Profit Entities) COMTO Houston (2024 Present) Success House A Road to Recovery, Inc. (2023 Present) South Main Alliance Advisory Council (2022 Present) Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) Houston Branch WTS International Leadership Women, Inc. Education and Credentials B.A., University of Texas at Austin National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Master Class on Cyber Risk Oversight Certificate: Stanford Directors College Stanford Law School CERT Certificate: Cybersecurity Oversight, Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Thaddeus J. Malik Principal at S2T Solutions and Attorney Age: 59 Independent Director Since 2023 Committees: Audit Corporate Governance and Nominating Safety and Operations Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Public Company Governance Experience Having previously served as General Counsel of a public company and through his practice advising public company clients, Mr. Malik is able to provide critical insight regarding good governance practices to strengthen the operation of the Board for the benefit of the Company s stakeholders. Cybersecurity and Physical Security As part of his private legal practice, as well as through his prior service as the chair of the board committee responsible for overseeing cybersecurity matters for a health insurer serving more than 22 million customers and with a workforce of close to 30,000, Mr. Malik brings valuable experience to the Board s oversight of cybersecurity matters and their evolving risks. Strategic Planning As the former chair of the Mergers and Acquisitions Practice Group and a member of the Policy Committee for a global law firm, as well as the former chair of the Strategy and Risk Committee for the largest customer-owned health insurer in the U.S. with more than $55 billion in revenue, Mr. Malik has extensive experience overseeing strategic planning and transactions, which experience he brings to the Board as the Company continues to develop and execute our strategic plans, including overseeing complex strategic transactions as the Company continues to focus on our regulated electric and natural gas, multi-state utility footprint. Experience Principal (2022 Present) at S2T Solutions, LLC, a transactional advisory services company Partner (2010 2022) at Paul Hastings, LLP, a global law firm Partner (2002 2010) at Jenner Block, LLP, an international law firm Vice President and General Counsel (2000 2002) at Lante Corporation, a former publicly traded technology consulting company Other Boards (For Profit and Non-Profit Entities) Health Care Service Corporation (2019 2025) President (2022 2024) and Board member (2009 Present) of The First Tee of Greater Chicago Illinois PGA Foundation (2005 Present) President (2024 Present) and Board member (2014 2020; 2023 Present) of The TimeLine Theater Company Western Golf Association (2025 Present) Education and Credentials B.A., With Distinction, Northwestern University J.D., Cum Laude, Harvard Law School CERT Certificate: Cybersecurity Oversight, Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute Certificate: Corporate Director, Harvard Business School National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Directorship Certified 16 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Manuel B. Miranda Former Executive Vice President, Power Delivery of Florida Power Light Company Age: 65 Independent Director Since Apr. 2025 Committees: Audit Safety and Operations Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Operations and Safety Experience As the former Executive Vice President, Power and Delivery at Florida Power Light Company, Mr. Miranda was responsible for the operations of the business transmission, substation, and distribution facilities, including with respect to reliability, customer service, and safety. This experience is critical to the Board as it oversees the Company s operations and plans to significantly strengthen resiliency, reliability, and safety pursuant to our ten-year capital plan. Utility Industry Experience Mr. Miranda s more than 40 years of experience in the utility industry, including his role in changing the industry s approach to hurricane resiliency, introducing the concept of grid hardening, and leading restoration efforts for nearly 50 tropical storms and hurricanes, provides the Board with important insight as the it oversees the Company s short- and long-term plans, including with respect to the continued execution of the projects included in our ten-year capital plan. Human Capital Management Through his service as the former Executive Vice President, Power and Delivery at Florida Power Light Company, Mr. Miranda led a workforce of over 6,000 employees and contractors and maintained a strong focus on employee engagement and safety, as well as creating a positive work culture. The Board believes that this experience is valuable in helping it oversee the Company s workforce development and strategies. Experience Held various positions (1982 2024) of increasing responsibility, including the positions of Executive Vice President, Power Delivery (2013 2024), President, Florida City Gas (2022 2023), Vice President of Transmission Substation (2010 2013), and Vice President of Distribution System Performance (2006 2010), of Florida Power Light Co., the largest power utility in Florida and a subsidiary of NextEra Energy, Inc., the largest electric utility company in the United States Other Boards (For Profit and Non-Profit Entities) Ubicquia, Inc. (2024 Present) University of Miami College of Engineering Advisory Board (2012 Present) Florida Electric Power Coordinating Group (2021 2023) Florida Reliability Coordinating Council (2019 2023) Southeastern Electric Exchange (2016 2023) Association of Edison Illuminating Companies (2022 2023) Southeastern Electric Reliability Council (2019 2022) Education and Credentials M.B.A., Nova Southeastern University B.S., University of Miami CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Theodore F. Pound Private Investor and Attorney Age: 71 Independent Director Since 2015 Committees: Human Capital and Compensation (Chair) Corporate Governance and Nominating Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Public Company Governance Experience As a former General Counsel at a public company and given his tenure on the Company s Board, Mr. Pound provides valuable insights on good governance practices of public company boards as well as guidance regarding Company-specific practices to the newer members of the Company s Board that support the efficiency of the operation of the Board to better serve our stakeholders. Human Capital Management Mr. Pound provides valuable insights as a result of his experience as a General Counsel reviewing various executive compensation designs and programs. Finance and Accounting As a former General Counsel of a public company, Mr. Pound has extensive experience with preparing and reviewing filings with the SEC, including financial results. Mr. Pound provides valuable insights with reviewing the Company s public filings, including its financial results. Experience Private Investor and Attorney (2016 Present) Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (2013 2016) at Select Energy Services, LLC, a private company providing water solutions and well-site services to energy producers Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (2004 2011) at Allis-Chalmers Energy, Inc., a publicly traded oilfield services company Education and Credentials B.A., The University of Texas at Austin J.D., University of Houston 18 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Dean L. Seavers Former President of National Grid U.S. and Executive Director of National Grid plc Age: 65 Independent Director Since 2024 Committees: Corporate Governance and Nominating Human Capital and Compensation Safety and Operations Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Utility Industry Experience Mr. Seavers s extensive utility industry experience provides critical insights to the Board as it oversees and develops the Company s short- and long-term strategies to effectively serve the Company s customers and other stakeholders. Operations and Safety Experience Mr. Seavers previously served as President of National Grid U.S., where he oversaw the day-to-day operations of the business, including its safety and customer satisfaction programs. This experience is important to the Board as it oversees the Company s operations, including the safe and reliable operation of our facilities for the benefit of the communities we serve and our employees. Public Company Governance As a current and former member of the boards of directors of various other public companies, Mr. Seavers provides valuable insights regarding good governance and efficient board management practices, which are critical to the functioning of our Board for the benefit of our stakeholders. Experience President (2014 2019) of National Grid U.S., a U.S. supplier of consumer energy, as well as Executive Director (2014 2019) of National Grid plc, a publicly traded multinational electricity and gas utility company Chief Executive Officer and President (2012 2014) of Red Hawk Fire Security, a provider of life safety and security solutions President of Global Services (2010 2011) of the Fire Security business of United Technologies Corporation, an aerospace and defense company President and Chief Executive Officer (2007 2010) of GE Security, a former business unit of General Electric Co. that provided security and life safety solutions Other Boards (For Profit and Non-Profit Entities) Public Company Ametek Inc. (2022 Present) Vine Hill Capital Investment Corp. (2024 Present) Albemarle Corp. (2019 2025) James Hardie Industries Plc (2021 2022) PG E Corp. (2020 2022) National Grid plc (2015 2020) Other Asplundh Board of Directors (2022 Present) Sciens Building Solutions Board of Directors (2021 Present) Education and Credentials B.A., Kent State University M.B.A., Stanford University CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Jason P. Wells Chair of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. Age: 48 Non-Independent Director Since 2024 Committees: None Key Qualifications and Skills Leading to Board Nomination Current CEO of a Public Company As the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Mr. Wells provides valuable insight and communications to the Board regarding the management team s execution of the Company short- and long-term plans and the operations of the Company. Utility Industry Experience Mr. Wells has over 10 years of experience as a senior officer of public utility companies, which provides the Board with valuable insight regarding the current state of the industry and expectations going forward, which is critical for the Board when developing and overseeing the Company s short- and long-term strategic plans. Operations and Safety Experience Mr. Wells previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, where he oversaw the day-to-day operations of the business, including our safety program. This experience supports the Board as it oversees the Company s short- and long-term business strategies and safety program. Experience Chair of the Board (2025 Present), President, and Chief Executive Officer (2024 Present) of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. President and Chief Operating Officer (2023 2024) of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. President, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Financial Officer (2023) of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2020 2022) of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2019 2020) of PG E Corporation, a publicly traded electric utility holding company serving approximately 16 million customers through its subsidiary Pacific Gas and Electric Company. PG E Corporation filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy on January 29, 2019 and successfully emerged from bankruptcy on July 1, 2020 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2016 2019) at PG E Corporation Vice President, Business Finance (2013 2016) at Pacific Gas and Electric Company Other Boards (For Profit and Non-Profit Entities) Kinder Rice Institute for Urban Development Advisory Board (2021 Present) M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, Board of Visitors (2022 Present) Central Houston, Inc. (2022 Present) Executive Committee and Board, Greater Houston Partnership (2023 Present) Executive Committee and Board, Performing Arts Houston (2024 Present) United Way of Greater Houston, Board of Trustees (2025 Present) Bauer College Board of the C.T. Bauer College of Business at the University of Houston (2022 2024) Education and Credentials B.A., University of Florida M.A., University of Florida Licensed CPA (inactive) The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the nominees as directors. 20 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nomination Process In assessing the qualifications of a candidate for nomination as a director, in addition to qualifications set forth in our Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws, adopted effective September 25, 2025 (the Bylaws), the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board consider the following: The nominee s personal and professional integrity, sound judgment, experience, and skills; The nominee s ability and willingness to devote the time and effort necessary to be an effective board member; The nominee s commitment to act in the best interests of CenterPoint Energy and its shareholders; The requirements under the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) for a majority of independent directors, as well as qualifications applicable to membership on Board committees under the listing standards and various regulations; and The Board s desire that its directors possess a broad range of business experience, perspective, professional skills, geographic representation, and other qualities it considers important in light of our business plan. At least annually, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee reviews the overall composition of the Board, including the skills represented by incumbent directors, and the need for Board refreshment or expansion. The Board evaluates the makeup of its membership in the context of the Board as a whole, with the objective of recommending a group that (i) can effectively work together using its range of experience, skills, perspectives, and backgrounds to see that the Company is well-managed with a focus on achieving the Company s near- and long-term business strategy and (ii) represents the interests of the Company and its shareholders. In seeking new director candidates, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board consider the skills, expertise, and qualities that will be required to effectively oversee management of the business and affairs of the Company. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board also consider the diversity of the Board in terms of the perspectives, business experience, professional skills, geographic representation, and other qualities the Board considers important in light of the Company s business plan. The Board believes that such a diverse membership enhances the Board s deliberations and promotes inclusiveness. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is committed to continuing to seek out Board candidates who possess skills, experience, and qualities that will help advance the near- and long-term strategic goals of the Company. Director Nominations Suggestions for potential nominees for Board membership can come to the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee from a number of sources, including incumbent directors, officers, executive search firms, and others. If an executive search firm is engaged for this purpose, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee has sole authority with respect to the engagement and to approve all fees and terms of such engagement. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will consider recommendations of potential director candidates from shareholders based on the same criteria used for candidates identified by the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. The extent to which the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee dedicates time and resources to the consideration and evaluation of any potential nominee brought to its attention depends on the information available to the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee about the qualifications and suitability of the individual, viewed in light of the needs of the Board, and is at the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee s discretion. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board evaluate the desirability for incumbent directors to continue on the Board following the expiration of their respective terms, taking into account their contributions as Board members, the benefit that results from increasing insight and experience developed over a period of time, and the skills needed to achieve the Company s near- and long-term business strategy. In connection with the Board s ongoing refreshment process, Mr. Herman was initially identified as a potential candidate by Mr. Wells and was vetted and included in the candidate pool provided by a third-party executive search firm retained by the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee for the purpose of identifying potential director candidates. In 2026, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee evaluated Mr. Herman, among other candidates, and recommended that he be nominated to the Board. The Board approved the nomination of Mr. Herman. Bylaw Requirements for Director Nominations Our Bylaws provide that a shareholder may nominate a director for election if the shareholder sends a notice to our Corporate Secretary, which must be received at our principal executive offices no earlier than the close of business on October 18, 2026, and not later than the close of business on January 16, 2027, for the 2027 annual meeting. However, if the 2027 annual meeting is CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS held before March 17, 2027 or after June 15, 2027, such written notice must be received by our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive office no earlier than the close of business on the 180 th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the last to occur of the close of business on (i) the 90 th day prior to such annual meeting or (ii) the tenth day following the day on which the Company first makes public announcement of the date of such meeting. Any such notice must also comply with the timing, disclosure, procedural, and other requirements as set forth in our Bylaws. Shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in reliance on the SEC s universal proxy rules under Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), under the advance notice requirements of our Bylaws must also comply with the additional content requirements of Rule 14a-19. You may obtain a copy of our Bylaws describing the requirements for the nomination of director candidates by shareholders on our website at https://investors.centerpointenergy.com/governance. Proxy Access Requirements for Director Nominations Our Bylaws also allow eligible shareholders to nominate a candidate for election to our Board for inclusion in our proxy materials in accordance with the proxy access provisions of our Bylaws, which permit a nominating group of up to 20 shareholders owning three percent or more of our common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate director candidates constituting up to the greater of (i) 20 percent (or if such amount is not a whole number, the closest whole number below 20 percent) of our Board or (ii) two, provided that the shareholder (or group) and each nominee satisfy the requirements specified in our Bylaws. An eligible shareholder wishing to nominate a candidate for election to the Board at the 2027 annual meeting of our shareholders in accordance with the proxy access provisions in our Bylaws must deliver such notice to, and such notice must be received by, our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive office no earlier than November 17, 2026 and not later than December 17, 2026. However, if the 2027 annual meeting is held before March 17, 2027 or after June 15, 2027, such written notice must be received by our Corporate Secretary not earlier than 150 days prior to such annual meeting and not later than the last to occur of the close of business on (i) the 120 th day prior to such annual meeting or (ii) the tenth day following the day on which we first make public announcement of the date of such meeting. Any such notice and accompanying nomination materials must meet the requirements set forth in our Bylaws, which are publicly available at https://investors.centerpointenergy.com/governance . Annual Board Assessment and Director Evaluation The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee annually recommends, and the Board annually performs, an assessment of the Board s performance and effectiveness, as well as assessments of the Board s four standing committees and each individual director. The purpose of the assessment is to track progress from year to year and to identify ways to enhance the effectiveness of the Board, its committees, and each individual director. Further, the Board, as part of its assessment, evaluates management s preparation for Board and committee meetings and the content presented at such meetings. As part of the assessment in most years, each director completes a written questionnaire developed by the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee to provide feedback on the effectiveness of the Board and its committees, and each director completes an individual evaluation for each of the other directors. The collective ratings and comments of the directors are then compiled and presented to the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the full Board for discussion. Each individual director is also provided with detailed individual feedback. Periodically, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee recommends, and the Board retains, a third-party facilitator to assist with the assessment of the Board, its standing committees, and individual directors. The Board, its committees, and the directors are committed to continuous improvement, and insights from this evaluation are incorporated into their ongoing work for the Company. 22 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Independence Under the NYSE listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines, a majority of our directors must meet the NYSE criteria for independence. The NYSE listing standards relating to general independence require an affirmative determination by the Board that the director has no material relationship with the listed company and contain a listing of several specific relationships that preclude independence. The Board determined that Messrs. Cummings*, Franklin, Herman, Malik, Miranda, Pound, Raven*, Seavers, and Smith** and Mses. Cloonan, Duganier, Fitch, and Lewis are independent within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards for general independence. The Board has also adopted categorical standards to assist in making determinations of independence. The categorical standards cover two types of relationships. The first type involves relationships of the kind addressed in either: the rules of the SEC requiring proxy statement disclosure of certain relationships and transactions or the NYSE listing standards specifying relationships that preclude a determination of independence. For those relationships, the categorical standards are met if the relationship neither requires certain disclosure nor precludes a determination of independence pursuant to such rules/standards. The second type of relationship is one involving charitable contributions by CenterPoint Energy to an organization in which a director is an executive officer. In that situation, the categorical standards are met if the contributions do not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of the organization s gross revenue in any of the last three years. In making its independence determinations, the Board reviewed and discussed additional information provided by the directors, director nominees, and the Company with regard to each director s and director nominee s business and personal activities as they related to the Company and Company management, including Mr. Herman s provision of consulting services as an independent contractor to a venture capital firm through which the Company has invested in several funds and Mr. Miranda s provision of consulting services as an independent contractor to a company that provides utility services to the Company. The Board considered the transactions in the context of the NYSE s objective listing standards and the categorical standards noted above. The Board has a standing Audit Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, Human Capital and Compensation Committee, and Safety and Operations Committee. The Board has determined that all of the members of each committee are independent within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards and categorical standards noted above. The Board has additionally determined that each member of the Audit Committee and each member of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee also satisfies the heightened independence standards established by applicable SEC rules and NYSE listing standards regarding independence of audit committee members and compensation committee members. Insider Trading Policy We are committed to promoting high standards of ethical business conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. As part of this commitment, we have adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, and employees, as well as by the Company itself. We believe the Insider Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and applicable NYSE listing standards. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy was filed as Exhibit 19 to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Code of Ethics and Ethics and Compliance Code We have a Code of Ethics for our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, which group consists of our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Controller, and other senior financial officers. We will post information regarding any amendments to, or waivers of, the provisions of this code applicable to these officers at the website location referred to below under Website Availability of Documents. We also have an Ethics and Compliance Code applicable to all directors, officers, and employees. This code addresses, among other things, issues required to be addressed by a code of business conduct and ethics under NYSE listing standards. Any waivers of this code for executive officers or directors may be made only by the Board or a committee of the Board and must be promptly disclosed to shareholders. In 2025, no waivers of our Code of Ethics or our Ethics and Compliance Code were granted to executive officers or directors. * Messrs. Cummings and Raven served on the Board until the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders (2025 Annual Meeting). ** Mr. Smith will not stand for re-election as a director on the Board, and his current term will expire at the Annual Meeting. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Bylaws Amendment and Restatement In September 2025, as part of the Board and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee s periodic corporate governance review process that seeks to ensure that the Company s governance practices continue to serve the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, the Board, upon the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, approved the amendment and restatement of the Bylaws to make updates permitted by recent legislative changes to the Texas Business Organizations Code (TBOC) and certain other updates. Texas Legislative Updates In May 2025, the Texas legislature approved various changes to the TBOC. The Board carefully considered and approved amendments to the Bylaws consistent with these statutory changes to (1) provide for a jury trial waiver for internal entity claims (as defined by the TBOC), (2) revise the exclusive forum bylaw to provide that, if the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas lacks jurisdiction, the Eleventh Business Court Division of the Texas Business Court located in Harris County, Texas (rather than the state district court of Harris County, Texas), will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain internal entity claims (as defined by the TBOC), unless the Company consents to a different forum, and (3) add a new section to require any shareholder (as defined by the TBOC) or group of such shareholders to meet an ownership threshold of at least three percent of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock in order to institute or maintain a derivative proceeding. In approving the amendments to the Bylaws, the Board carefully considered, among other things, that adopting these amendments would offer substantive benefits to the Company, including reducing risk and uncertainty regarding litigation outcomes, and that similar amendments have already been adopted by several other large Texas corporations. In particular, a meaningful portion of derivative litigation at public companies is brought by shareholders with only nominal ownership interests. Moreover, these suits are frequently lawyer-driven and only brought by a shareholder in a technical sense. The expense of defending against or settling these suits is ultimately borne by the shareholders. Accordingly, as litigation volume has continued to increase, the Board carefully considered that the derivative proceeding ownership threshold bylaw would help avoid derivative litigation that is not in the Company s best interests, including by discouraging frivolous lawsuits by serial plaintiffs with only nominal ownership interest in the Company, and could generate potentially significant cost savings. Nevertheless, the Board is committed to maintaining accountability to shareholders by permitting derivative lawsuits that gather support from a meaningful portion of the Company s shareholder base (including through a group of smaller shareholders aggregating their holdings) and by continuing to engage actively with our shareholders. The Board determined, including in light of the foregoing reasons, that the aforementioned amendments to the Bylaws would be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Director Retirement Age Update Pursuant to its periodic corporate governance review process, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board carefully considered and the Board approved amendments to the Bylaws to reflect that no person shall be eligible for election or re-election to the Board after having attained 75 years of age, subject to the Board s ability to grant a waiver upon the Board s determination that the director has special skill, experience, or distinction having value to the Company that is not readily available or transferable. The Bylaws previously provided that no person shall serve as a director subsequent to the annual meeting of shareholders occurring during the year of such person s 73 rd birthday unless the Board waived the mandatory retirement age pursuant to the Bylaws. In approving this amendment, the Board carefully considered, among other things, that enhancing the Board s flexibility regarding its composition would allow for greater continuity and stability of the Board and is therefore in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board additionally took into account the ability of longer-tenured directors to support transition and knowledge transfer given the Board s ongoing refreshment (pursuant to which the average director tenure of the Board was approximately four years at the time of such consideration). Further, the Board considered that increasing the director retirement age would enhance the Company s alignment with the market practice for other S P 500 companies, for which the most common mandatory retirement age is 75, as reported in the Spencer Stuart 2025 Board Index. Conflicts of Interest and Related-Party Transactions The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for conducting a review of and taking appropriate action with respect to related-party transactions and conflicts of interest involving our executive officers, directors, or other related persons as defined by applicable disclosure rules of the SEC. Our Ethics and Compliance Code provides that all employees must avoid even the appearance of a conflict of interest, and our Code of Ethics for our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers similarly obligates the employees covered by that Code of Ethics (our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Controller, and other senior financial officers) to avoid taking actions that would create actual or apparent conflicts of interest. Employees are advised to seek guidance or prior written approval from the Company to help avoid certain conflicts of interest, and to contact the Ethics and Compliance Department for assistance in resolving potential or actual conflict of interests. 24 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS We have a written policy regarding related-party transactions. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter, and our Related-Party Transaction Approval Policy, the Board has delegated to the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee the responsibility for reviewing and taking appropriate action with respect to related-party transactions and conflicts of interests involving executive officers or directors of the Company or other related persons as defined by the applicable disclosure rules of the SEC. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines require that (i) each director shall promptly disclose to the Chair of the Board and the Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee any potential conflicts of interest he or she may have with respect to any matter involving the Company and, if appropriate, recuse himself or herself from any discussions or decisions on any of these matters and (ii) the Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee shall promptly advise the other members of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of any potential conflicts of interest he or she may have with respect to any matter involving the Company and, if appropriate, recuse himself or herself from any discussions or decisions on any of these matters. The Office of the Corporate Secretary periodically gathers information from directors and executive officers regarding matters involving potential conflicts of interest or related-party transactions and provides that information to the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee for review, as appropriate. Directors and executive officers are also required to inform the Company immediately of any changes in the information provided concerning related-party transactions in which the director or executive officer or other related person was, or is proposed to be, a participant. In accordance with our Related-Party Transaction Approval Policy, the standard applied in approving the transaction is whether the transaction is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. There were no related-party transactions since January 1, 2025 that were required to be reported pursuant to the applicable disclosure rules of the SEC. Majority Voting in Director Elections Our Bylaws include a majority voting standard in uncontested director elections under which directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote in the election of directors at a shareholder meeting at which a quorum is present. A majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director must exceed the number of votes cast against that director. This standard applies to the election of directors at this meeting. In contested elections, our Bylaws include a plurality voting standard under which directors are elected by a plurality of votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote in the election of directors at a shareholder meeting at which a quorum is present. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines include director nominee resignation procedures. In brief, these procedures provide that: As a condition to being nominated to continue to serve as a director, each incumbent director nominee must submit an irrevocable resignation to the Board that would become effective upon and only in the event that (1) the nominee fails to receive the required vote for election to the Board at the next annual meeting of shareholders at which such nominee faces re-election and (2) the Board accepts such resignation; As a condition to being nominated, each director nominee who is not an incumbent director must agree to submit an irrevocable resignation upon election or appointment as a director; Upon the failure of any director nominee who is an incumbent director to receive the required vote, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation; The Board must take action with respect to the resignation and publicly disclose its decision and the reasons therefor within 90 days from the date of the certification of the election results; and The resignation, if accepted, will be effective at the time specified by the Board when it determines to accept the resignation, which effective time may be deferred until a replacement director is identified and appointed to the Board. Our Bylaws and our Corporate Governance Guidelines can be found on our website at https://investors.centerpointenergy.com/governance. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Leadership Current Board Leadership Structure The Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders for the Board to have the flexibility to make the determination from time to time as to whether the roles of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer should be separate or combined. In October 2025, upon the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, the Board unanimously approved changes to its leadership structure that the Board believes to be in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders at this time. The current Board leadership structure comprises a combined Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, a Lead Independent Director chosen annually from among the independent directors, and independent Board committee chairs. In determining to combine the roles of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and approve the creation of a Lead Independent Director role, the Board considered Mr. Wells particular skills and qualifications, including his deep knowledge of the Company s business and experience in the utility industry, strong relationships with key Company stakeholders, focus on energy priorities important to the Company s customer base and the communities the Company serves, and ability to lead the Board and management as the Company embarks on our long-term strategy, including executing the Company s ten-year $65.5 billion capital plan. In addition, the independent directors of the Board selected Mr. Franklin to serve as Lead Independent Director due to, among other things, his significant leadership experience in the utility industry (including, but not limited to, serving as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of a public utility company), his extensive public company and board experience, and his strong communication skills. The Board believes that its current leadership structure is best suited for the Company and its shareholders at this time because it creates efficiencies, enhances the Board s effectiveness in overseeing Company strategies and risks, and provides the Company and the Board with strong, coordinated leadership and the ability to communicate the Company s strategy to stakeholders in a single voice while maintaining appropriate independent oversight over management. The Board believes that Mr. Wells involvement in the Company s day-to-day operations affords him in-depth and first-hand knowledge of the key business issues that require Board attention, which enables him to help focus the Board s time and attention on the Company s most critical matters. The Board believes its independence and oversight of management and Company risks are maintained effectively through its current leadership structure, including through the robust role of the Lead Independent Director, the strong role of the Board s independent directors generally, the Board s overall composition that currently includes ten independent directors, the 100% independent director composition of each Board committee, and the Company s other sound corporate governance policies and practices. The benefits of the Board s current leadership structure are particularly impactful considering the increasing complexities of the Company s business. The Board will continue to periodically evaluate the appropriateness of this leadership structure to help ensure that its leadership structure continues to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Responsibilities of the Chair of the Board The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the primary functions of the Chair of the Board are to provide leadership to the Board and a coordinating role for its activities. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines additionally provide that if the role of Chair of the Board is held by the Chief Executive Officer, references to the Chief Executive Officer in the enumeration of the Chair of the Board s responsibilities should be considered modified as appropriate. The Chair of the Board s role includes the following duties and responsibilities: developing and communicating the agenda for and scheduling meetings of the Board; establishing parameters for the quality, amount, and timeliness of the information flow to the Board (it being understood that management is responsible for the preparation of materials for the Board consistent with these parameters); working to ensure that the Board is provided with adequate time for effective study and preparation prior to any discussion of business under consideration by the Board; presiding at regular and special meetings of the Board and annual and special meetings of shareholders; setting and monitoring the ethical tone of the Board, monitoring how the Board functions, and seeking to ensure that the directors work together effectively; and being available for consultation and direct communication with shareholders and other key stakeholders, as appropriate. 26 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that if the role of Chair of the Board is held by the Chief Executive Officer or another director who is not independent, the independent directors of the Board will select an independent director to serve as the Lead Independent Director for a one-year term. Mr. Franklin, who has been an independent director since 2022, was unanimously appointed by the independent directors as the Lead Independent Director in October 2025. The Board s robust Lead Independent Director role includes the following duties and responsibilities: presiding at the executive sessions of the independent directors and having the authority to call meetings of the independent directors; presiding at meetings of the Board in the absence of the Chair of the Board; serving as a liaison between the independent directors and the Chair of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, maintaining regular communications with other independent directors, focusing director communication on critical issues, and providing information on director concerns and issues, as appropriate, to the Chair of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer; participating in the annual performance review process for the Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and reviewing the comments of the Board with the Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; consulting with the Chair of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer on the agendas for and scheduling of meetings of the Board; reviewing, and consulting with the Chair of the Board on, the quality, amount, and timeliness of the information provided to the Board; being available for consultation and direct communication with shareholders and other key stakeholders, as appropriate; and such other duties as may be assigned to the Lead Independent Director by the Board. The Board s Role in Risk Oversight CenterPoint Energy is a public utility holding company that, through its subsidiaries, owns and operates electric transmission, distribution, and generation facilities and natural gas distribution systems. Risks are inherent in these businesses and investments, including, among other risks, regulatory and compliance risks, safety and operational risks, financial risks, environmental and climate risks, and security risks. The Board has responsibility for, and is actively involved in, the oversight of risks that could impact the Company. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines specify that the Board has ultimate oversight responsibility for the Company s system of enterprise risk management. Management is responsible for developing and implementing the Company s program of enterprise risk management. The Company s enterprise risk management function further supports executive management s, operational management s, and functional management s execution of the Company s strategic business objectives by conducting ongoing risk assessments and assisting with risk mitigation planning. Throughout the year, the Board reviews with management the Company s risk management process, the major risks facing the Company, and steps taken to mitigate those risks. Board reviews include the following areas, among others: Safety Regulatory and legislative developments Business strategy and economic development Security, including physical security, cybersecurity, data privacy, and artificial intelligence Operations, including system integrity and emergency preparedness and response Human capital management Litigation and other legal matters Financial risk, including annual budgeting, financial integrity, and major capital plans Supply chain Environmental and climate matters CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS To help the Board carry out its responsibility for risk oversight, the Board s standing committees focus on the following specific key areas of risk oversight: Committee Risk Oversight Responsibilities Audit The Company s enterprise risk management program, major financial risk exposures, and significant risks relating to compliance, artificial intelligence, and cybersecurity matters; accounting and financial matters, including compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and financial reporting and internal controls systems Human Capital and Compensation Compensation plans and programs, human capital management, and succession planning, including in the event of an emergency or retirement of the Chief Executive Officer Corporate Governance and Nominating Corporate governance, including Board structure, environmental matters, including those related to compliance with applicable regulations, climate change and significant environmental hazards, and sustainability, including the Company s programs, practices, initiatives, and reporting relating to such matters Safety and Operations Safety matters, including risk management and any significant safety incidents or events, as well as our utility operations, including risk management, emergency preparedness and response, compliance with regulations and standards, and significant inquiries and major inspections by regulatory agencies and oversight groups regarding the Company s operations The Board believes that the administration of its risk oversight function has not affected its leadership structure. In reviewing the Company s compensation program, the Human Capital and Compensation Committee has made an assessment of whether compensation policies and practices create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company and has concluded that they do not create such risks as presently constituted. Cybersecurity Oversight The Company has identified cybersecurity as a key enterprise risk, which the Company manages through our overall enterprise risk management system. Our Audit Committee, comprised of independent directors from our Board, oversees the Board s responsibilities relating to cybersecurity, data privacy, and artificial intelligence programs, including cybersecurity and artificial intelligence risk management and cybersecurity disclosures required by applicable securities laws or regulations, as appropriate. As part of its risk oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee receives quarterly reports from our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Chief Security Officer (CSO) or other representatives from our cybersecurity or data privacy groups and periodic reports from our third-party consultants. These reports include updates on certain cybersecurity or data privacy matters, including, among other items, CenterPoint Energy s progress in maturing its cybersecurity program, results of cybersecurity assessments and testing, the cybersecurity landscape and emerging threats, status of ongoing initiatives and strategies, incident reports and learnings from any cybersecurity events, compliance with regulatory requirements and industry standards, data privacy matters, and the cybersecurity budget. Additionally, in 2025, the Audit Committee received a cyber response program briefing from various representatives from our cybersecurity and data privacy groups and third-party consultants. For more information on the Company s cybersecurity risk management strategy, processes, and governance, including the role of management personnel and the background of the Company s CSO, please see Item 1C. Cybersecurity in Part I, Item 1C of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Executive Succession Planning and Leadership Development The Human Capital and Compensation Committee, along with the full Board, oversees executive succession planning and talent development with continued focus on designing a succession planning program to support the execution of the Company s long-term growth strategy. In response to shareholder feedback and for the implementation of good governance practices, the Human Capital and Compensation Committee and the Board have been regularly and actively engaged in robust succession planning. As part of the succession planning strategy, the Board and the Human Capital and Compensation Committee regularly discuss with the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Human Resources Officer the Company s existing leadership and the Company s process for identifying and developing potential internal candidates as successors to current leadership. During 2025, the Board discussed succession planning at the majority of its regularly scheduled Board meetings. The Human Capital and Compensation Committee and the Board particularly emphasize the importance of developing a deep leadership pipeline that also prioritizes the objective that leadership be representative of the communities in which the Company operates. Further, the Board interacts with potential future leaders of the Company through formal presentations at Board meetings and informal events. As part of its robust succession planning, the Board utilizes third-party advisors in addition to internal pipelines and resources. The Human Capital and Compensation Committee and the Board s succession planning has resulted in refreshment of the senior management team, including the appointment of Mr. Jesus Soto, Jr. to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, effective August 11, 2025, as well as appointments to several Senior Vice President roles in 2025. This senior 28 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS management team refreshment enabled by the Human Capital and Compensation Committee and Board s succession planning is designed to facilitate the Company s long-term growth strategy, including the execution of our ten-year capital plan, providing resilient, reliable, and affordable service to our customers and communities, value-creation for stakeholders, operational efficiencies, and robust corporate governance. Director Attendance Last year, the Board met 8 times and the standing committees met a total of 24 times. Each incumbent director attended more than 75% of the meetings of the Board and each of the committees on which he or she served during 2025. Directors are expected to attend annual meetings of shareholders. All then-current directors who were standing for reelection and director nominees attended the 2025 Annual Meeting, except for one director who was unable to attend due to a personal matter. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Organization and Committees The Board oversees the management of the Company s business and affairs. The Board appoints committees to help carry out its duties. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee annually reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the membership of each standing committee, including committee chairs, and upon consideration of such recommendations, the Board elects the members of each standing committee. Mr. Wells does not currently serve on any standing committees. The following table sets forth the standing committees of the Board and their members as of the date of this Proxy Statement, as well as the number of meetings each committee held during 2025. Committee membership reflecting the addition of the new director nominee, Mr. Herman, if he is elected by our shareholders, will be published on our website soon after the Annual Meeting. Director Audit Committee Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Human Capital and Compensation Committee Safety and Operations Committee Wendy Montoya Cloonan Chair Barbara J. Duganier Chair; Financial Expert Laurie L. Fitch* Christopher H. Franklin Chair Raquelle W. Lewis Thaddeus J. Malik Manuel B. Miranda* Theodore F. Pound Chair Dean L. Seavers Number of Meetings Held in 2025 7 8 4 5 * Ms. Fitch and Mr. Miranda were elected to the Board on April 16, 2025. 30 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit Committee The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility for: the integrity of our financial statements; the qualifications, independence and performance of the independent registered public accounting firm; the performance of our internal audit function; compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; our systems of disclosure controls and internal controls; our enterprise risk management program, as well as discussing the Company s risk assessment and risk management policies and reviewing the Company s major financial risk exposures and significant risks relating to compliance and artificial intelligence; reviewing legislative and regulatory developments affecting sustainability disclosures within the financial reporting framework; and our cybersecurity program. The Audit Committee has sole responsibility to appoint and, where appropriate, replace the independent registered public accounting firm and to approve all audit engagement fees and terms. Please refer to Report of the Audit Committee for further details. The Board has determined that Ms. Duganier, the Chair of our Audit Committee, qualifies as an audit committee financial expert pursuant to SEC rules. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee The primary responsibilities of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee are to: identify, evaluate, and recommend, for the approval of the entire Board, potential nominees for election to the Board; recommend membership on standing committees of the Board; address and take appropriate action with respect to related-party transactions and conflicts of interest involving our executive officers, directors or other related persons as defined under the applicable disclosure rules of the SEC; review the independence of each Board member and director nominee and make recommendations to the Board regarding director independence; develop qualification criteria for Board members and oversee annual evaluations of the Board, its standing committees, and each individual director; review, in coordination with other committees of the Board as necessary or appropriate, any shareholder proposals submitted for inclusion in our proxy statement and make recommendations to the Board regarding the Company s response; review and recommend fee levels and other elements of compensation for non-employee directors; evaluate whether to accept a conditional resignation of an incumbent director who does not receive the required vote for election to the Board in an uncontested election; review the Company s programs, practices, initiatives, reporting, and strategies relating to environmental and sustainability matters, including matters related to climate change and significant environmental hazards; establish, periodically review, and recommend to the Board any changes to our Corporate Governance Guidelines; and review the Company s political contributions. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee has sole authority to retain any consultant engaged to assist in the evaluation of outside director compensation, to retain any search firm engaged to assist in identifying director candidates, and to approve all fees and terms of such engagements. For information concerning policies and procedures relating to the consideration and determination of compensation of our directors, including the role of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, see Compensation of Directors. 32 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Human Capital and Compensation Committee The primary responsibilities of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee are to: oversee compensation for the Company s senior executive officers, including salary and short-term and long-term incentive awards; administer our incentive compensation and executive benefits plans for which the Human Capital and Compensation Committee is named as plan administrator; oversee the Company s recovery and recoupment (clawback) policies; review and approve corporate goals and objectives relevant to compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and evaluate our Chief Executive Officer s performance; review executive succession planning and development, including planning in the event of an emergency or retirement of the Chief Executive Officer; review and monitor the Company s human capital management practices; review and monitor the risks associated with the Company s compensation plans and programs; and select, retain, and oversee the work of a compensation consultant. The Human Capital and Compensation Committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees consisting of one or more of its members as it deems appropriate. The Human Capital and Compensation Committee has sole authority to retain any compensation consultant to assist in the discharge of its duties and to approve all fees and terms of such engagement. For information concerning policies and procedures relating to the consideration and determination of executive compensation, including the role of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee and its report concerning the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee, respectively. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Safety and Operations Committee The primary responsibilities of the Safety and Operations Committee are to: review our overall safety performance, including risk management, strategy, processes, initiatives, metrics, key performance indicator (KPI) results regarding employee, contractor, and public safety, and any significant safety incidents or events; review and monitor our emergency preparedness and response practices and performance; oversee our utility operations, including strategies, risk management, performance, metrics, initiatives, and KPI results; oversee our compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards related to the Company s facilities and operations; review significant inquiries from and results of major inspections and evaluations by regulatory agencies and oversight groups relating to our operations; review the physical security of Company facilities, periodically visit and observe key operating facilities, and communicate with facility personnel; review the Company s customer service programs; and review the Company s generation plans and progress related thereto. Executive Sessions of the Board Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the members of the Board who are not officers of CenterPoint Energy will hold regular executive sessions without management participation. If at any time the non-management directors include one or more directors who do not meet the listing standards of the NYSE for general independence, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board must hold an executive session at least once each year including only the non-management directors who are also independent. An executive session of independent directors is currently scheduled in conjunction with each regular meeting of the Board. Currently, the Lead Independent Director of the Board (Mr. Franklin) presides at these sessions. Shareholder Engagement The Company believes that good governance practices include maintaining a consistent and transparent dialogue throughout the year with our shareholders and that understanding the perspectives and interests of our shareholders helps contribute to the Company s long-term success. Each year, we engage in shareholder outreach through various engagement channels and solicit feedback on a number of topics. The Board and its committees, as appropriate, receive periodic reports regarding the feedback received as part of the Company s engagement efforts. Based on the feedback received, the Board and its committees, as appropriate, review the Company s policies and programs. The below chart outlines our annual engagement program and highlights recent shareholder engagement efforts. 34 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CenterPoint Energy Annual Engagement Program Engagement Objectives Use multiple engagement channels throughout the year: Conduct direct meetings with shareholders Engage with proxy governance teams of institutional investors Attend analyst conferences and road shows Host investor days from time to time Attend industry specific conferences Company Participants Team of individuals who may meet with shareholders, including representatives from: Senior Leadership (executive officers and future leaders of the Company) Investor Relations Corporate Governance Human Resources/Compensation Board of Directors (including its standing committees) Topics Discussed Discuss a range of topics with shareholders, including: Executive compensation program and practices Corporate governance matters, including succession planning and Board refreshment Environmental matters, including our energy transition disclosures and goals Recent Shareholder Engagements Engagement Objectives As part of our annual meeting engagement process, we contacted shareholders representing over 70% of our outstanding shares of common stock and engaged with shareholders representing approximately 45% of our outstanding shares for calendar year 2025 Company Participants Shareholders met with key members of our executive leadership representing Human Resources, Investor Relations, Sustainability, and Corporate Governance Topics Discussed We discussed a range of topics with shareholders, including: Long-term strategic planning and risk evaluation; Executive compensation program; Board and executive succession planning; and Generation transition planning and energy transition goals Feedback Received Shareholders were generally supportive of the Company s executive compensation structure, which was further reinforced by approximately 96.1% of shareholders voting for the resolution to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers in 2024 at the 2025 Annual Meeting Shareholders were generally supportive of the Board s refreshment efforts Shareholders were pleased with the Company s disclosure of the range of skills and experience of the directors on our Board Communications with Directors Interested parties may communicate directly with the non-management directors on our Board by making a submission in writing in an envelope marked Confidential addressed to Board of Directors (independent members) in care of our Corporate Secretary at 1111 Louisiana Street, Houston, TX 77002 or for deliveries by U.S. Postal Service, P.O. Box 4567, Houston, TX 77210-4567. Shareholders may also communicate with the entire Board or any individual director by submitting a written communication addressed to the Board of Directors or such individual director, as applicable, in care of our Corporate Secretary at the same address. Our Corporate Secretary will review communications directed to any of our directors and will forward all communications determined to bear substantively on the business, management, or governance of the Company to the addressee(s). Website Availability of Documents CenterPoint Energy s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Corporate Governance Guidelines, the charters of the Audit Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, Human Capital and Compensation Committee, and Safety and Operations Committee, the Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, and the Ethics and Compliance Code can be found on our website at https://investors.centerpointenergy.com/governance . Unless specifically stated herein, documents and information on CenterPoint Energy s websites are not incorporated by reference in this Proxy Statement. Compensation of Directors The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board 