=== CNP_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors CenterPoint Energy is a holding company that conducts all of its business operations through subsidiaries, primarily Houston Electric, CERC and SIGECO. The following, along with any additional legal proceedings identified or incorporated by reference in Item 3 of this combined report on Form 10-K, summarizes the principal risk factors associated with the holding company and the businesses conducted by its subsidiaries. However, additional risks and uncertainties either not presently known or not currently believed by management to be material may also adversely affect CenterPoint Energy s businesses. For other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this combined report on Form 10-K, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Certain Factors Affecting Future Earnings in Item 7, which should be read in conjunction with the risk factors contained in this Item 1A. Carefully consider each of the risks described below, including those relating to Houston Electric, LLC and CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp., which, along with CenterPoint Energy, Inc., are collectively referred to as the Registrants. Unless the context indicates otherwise, where appropriate, information relating to a specific Registrant has been segregated and labeled as such and specific references to Houston Electric and CERC in this section also pertain to CenterPoint Energy. In this combined report on Form 10-K, the terms our, we and us are used as abbreviated references to CenterPoint Energy, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Risk Factors Affecting Operations Electric Transmission, Distribution and Generation (CenterPoint Energy and Houston Electric) Disruptions at third-party or Indiana Electric s power generation facilities, generation inadequacy, directives issued by regulatory authorities or other matters could cause interruptions in Houston Electric s and Indiana Electric s ability to provide transmission and distribution services and Houston Electric and Indiana Electric may not be able to promptly respond, repair and restart their facilities, which could adversely affect their businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Houston Electric owns the transmission and distribution infrastructure in its service territory that delivers electric power to its customers, but it does not own or operate any bulk power generation facilities. Indiana Electric owns and operates power generation facilities in addition to the transmission and distribution infrastructure in its service territory. Both Houston Electric and Indiana Electric must follow the directives issued by their independent system operator, ERCOT and MISO, respectively. ERCOT and MISO have in the past and may in the future issue directives requiring members to implement controlled outages as a result of an emergency or reliability issues. Houston Electric has faced and may in the future face challenges to its planning and preparation for such directives and its implementation of Load Shed, including, for example, allegations that it had discretion as to how to Load Shed and which customers experienced outages and the duration of those outages. As a result, claims and lawsuits could be filed against CenterPoint Energy for personal injury, property damage or other damage or loss as a result of its Load Shed planning, preparation, implementation, and decisions in order to meet the directives of ERCOT and MISO, respectively. For example, during the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, the ERCOT regulated Texas electric system experienced an unprecedented power generation shortage as the amount of electricity generated by the state s power generation companies was insufficient to meet the amount demanded by customers. This resulted in ERCOT directing TDUs to significantly Load Shed, which caused customer outages across the ERCOT electric grid of Texas, including in Houston Electric s service territory. CenterPoint Energy received various claims and lawsuits with respect to the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, alleging, among other things, wrongful death, personal injury, property damage and other injuries and damages. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements and Houston Electric s use of TEEEF ... for further information. If power generation capacity is severely disrupted or is inadequate for any reason in the future or in the event of significant system disturbances, Houston Electric s or Indiana Electric s transmission and distribution services may be diminished, interrupted or halted, which could lead to prolonged customer outages, and Houston Electric and Indiana Electric may not be able to promptly repair and restart their facilities, which could adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, as with the lawsuits filed in the aftermath of the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, claims and lawsuits could be filed against the Registrants, which could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, Indiana Electric s generating facilities are subject to operational risks, and Houston Electric and Indiana Electric are subject to risk relating to the generating facilities that supply the power transmitted by Houston Electric and Indiana Electric; these risks have in the past and may in the future result in service interruptions and unscheduled outages, unanticipated operation and maintenance expenses, reputational harm and increased purchase power costs. For example, in June 2022, F.B. Culley Unit 3, a coal-fired generation unit, experienced a boiler feed pump turbine failure that caused the unit to be out of service for nearly nine months. In this time frame, CenterPoint Energy purchased energy on the open market. Such open market purchases have and may again result in increased costs and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, Indiana Electric is party to a number of PPAs with third parties. Indiana Electric s 19 operations may be disrupted or otherwise insufficient if third parties do not deliver required power under our PPAs. These risks can arise from circumstances such as facility shutdowns or malfunctions due to equipment failure or operator or other human error; aging infrastructure; interruption of fuel supply or increased prices of fuel as a result of, among other things, contract expirations, inflation and/or tariffs; disruptions in the production or delivery of electricity; inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements; governmental action; labor disputes; severe weather; natural disasters; or cyberattacks, all of which could adversely affect Indiana Electric s and Houston Electric s businesses, including their financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, Indiana Electric currently relies on coal for a portion of its generation capacity. Indiana Electric purchases the majority of its coal supply, and in 2025 purchased all of its coal supply, from a single, unrelated party and, although the coal supply is under long-term contract, the loss of this supplier or transportation interruptions could adversely affect its ability to deliver electricity to its customers and adversely impact Indiana Electric s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Future labor shortages in the coal industry as well as coal supply shortages (such as those experienced by Indiana Electric in 2021 and part of 2022), may lead to increased cost and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, as Indiana Electric s generating facilities may experience unanticipated disruptions as a result of renewable supply shortages, including, but not limited to, unfavorable wind and solar conditions such as cloudy or windless days, and such disruptions could adversely affect its ability to deliver electricity to its customers and adversely impact Indiana Electric s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The operations of Houston Electric and Indiana Electric are subject to the usual hazards associated with electricity transmission and distribution, including inclement or severe weather, natural disasters, including wildfires, mechanical failure, contact with electrified facilities by people, equipment, and debris, unscheduled downtime, equipment interruptions, loss or outage of key technology platforms or systems, contamination, remediation, explosions, fires, chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances and other environmental risks. Such hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment, including loss of transmission and distribution lines and related equipment and environmental damage, and may result in suspension of operations, disruption of service to customers, prolonged outages and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. For example, in 2024, Hurricane Beryl caused significant damage to Houston Electric s electric delivery system and resulted in a substantial number of its customers being without power, many for extended periods of time. Although CenterPoint Energy currently maintains property and casualty insurance, this insurance is limited in scope and subject to exceptions, conditions and coverage limitations and may not cover the costs associated with potential hazards incident to Houston Electric and Indiana Electric s businesses, and there is no guarantee that the insurance that CenterPoint Energy currently maintains will continue to be available at rates we believe are reasonable. Indiana Electric s execution of its generation transition plan is subject to various risks, including timely recovery of capital investments and increased costs and risks related to the timing and cost of development and/or construction of new generation facilities. Indiana requires each electric utility to develop and submit an IRP to the IURC every three years, unless extended, that uses economic modeling to consider the costs and risks associated with available resource options to provide reliable, cost effective electric service for the next 20-year period. Indiana Electric has used past IRPs and will continue to use future IRPs to evaluate its mix of generation resources. Indiana Electric engages with the communities it serves, its regulators and third-parties in developing its generation transition plan. Recent IRPs, including the 2025 IRP, have identified preferred portfolios that include a wider mix of generating resources such as coal-fired generation, solar, wind, solar with storage and dispatchable natural gas combustion turbines. While the IURC does not approve or reject Indiana Electric s IRP, the IURC does comment on the IRP. Indiana Electric is required to obtain a CPCN prior to constructing or acquiring generating resources. Indiana Electric also obtains IURC approval of PPAs and demand-side management plans to help support cost recovery. Indiana Electric must manage several risks associated with its generation transition plan. The IURC may delay providing comments on an IRP, requiring Indiana Electric to either wait for comments or proceed to implement its IRP without IURC comments. The IURC comments may raise concerns with Indiana Electric s IRP that make it difficult to obtain approval of the generation transition plan if not addressed. There is no guarantee that the IURC will approve Indiana Electric s requests to implement part of its generation transition. If Indiana Electric fails to receive IURC approvals necessary to acquire the projects or resources identified in its IRP or if other governmental action is taken with respect to Indiana Electric s generation resources or generation transition plan, Indiana Electric may not be able to implement its generation transition plan in a timely manner or at all. For example, while Indiana Electric s 2025 IRP (similar to previous IRPs) preferred portfolios included the retirement of F.B. Culley Unit 2, a coal-fired generation unit, by the end of 2025, the U.S. Department of Energy issued emergency order 202(c) in December 2025 directing Indiana Electric to continue operating the unit through March 23, 2026. Additionally, changes in how renewable resources are accredited to meet MISO s planning reserve margin requirement have made it less economic to pursue these resources. In connection with its IRPs, Indiana Electric s determinations with respect to the appropriate mix of generation resources may change from plans that were previously announced. For example, while Indiana 20 Electric s 2022/2023 IRP recommended the conversion of F.B. Culley Unit 3 from coal to natural gas by 2027, the 2025 IRP re-evaluated this conversion in light of customer affordability concerns, among other things, and deferred the decision regarding F.B. Culley Unit 3 s replacement to a future IRP. If Indiana Electric is unable to implement its generation transition plan, it may have an adverse effect on CenterPoint Energy s ability to execute on its energy transition goals, execute on its growth strategy, achieve its financial goals, and otherwise impact its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Even if a generation project is approved, risks associated with the development or construction of any new generation exist, including new legislation or governmental action restricting or delaying new generation, moratorium legislation, changes to trade practices (including tariffs, bans, retaliatory trade measures taken against the United States or related governmental action), changes to business practice manuals of MISO or corresponding impacts such as interconnection delays (which may be exacerbated by significant new load additions), the ability to procure resources needed to build at a reasonable cost, scarcity of resources and labor, the ability to appropriately estimate costs of new generation, the effects of potential construction delays, project scope changes, and cost overruns, cost of and ability to meet capacity requirements and related customer affordability considerations. For example, due to shifting market dynamics, changing project considerations such as substantial delays in commercial operation dates (due in part to MISO interconnection delays), cost increases and concerns about customer affordability, Indiana Electric terminated several wind and solar projects in 2025. If Indiana Electric is unable to meet its generation needs through development or acquisition of new generation, it would be required to buy the necessary capacity and electricity on the open market. Such open market purchases may result in increased costs and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to complete or acquire such generation facilities or resources, or if they do not perform as anticipated, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Houston Electric s receivables are primarily concentrated in a small number of REPs, and any delay or default in payments of these receivables could adversely affect Houston Electric s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Houston Electric s receivables from the distribution of electricity are collected from REPs that supply the electricity. As of December 31, 2025, Houston Electric provided electric delivery service to approximately 67 REPs. Adverse conditions, including, but not limited to, the February 2021 Winter Storm Event or other extreme weather (which may result in abnormal power prices), structural problems in the market served by ERCOT, the impact of public health events or similar occurrences, mismanagement by the REPs, inflation or financial difficulties of one or more REPs, have and may in the future impair the ability of these REPs to pay for Houston Electric s services or cause them to delay such payments. Houston Electric depends on these REPs to remit payments on a timely basis. Applicable PUCT regulations significantly limit the extent to which Houston Electric can apply normal commercial terms to otherwise seek credit protection from firms desiring to provide retail electric service in its service territory, and Houston Electric thus remains at risk for payments relating to services provided prior to any shift to another REP or provider of last resort. Houston Electric s PUCT-approved tariff outlines the remedies available to Houston Electric in the event that a REP defaults on amounts owed. Among the remedies available to Houston Electric are seeking recourse against any cash deposit, letter of credit, or surety bond provided by the REP or implementing mutually agreeable terms with the REP. Another remedy is to require that customers be shifted to another REP or a provider of last resort. Houston Electric thus incurs risk for payments related to services provided prior to the shift to another REP or the provider of last resort. A significant portion of Houston Electric s billed receivables from REPs are due from affiliates of NRG and Vistra Energy Corp. Houston Electric s aggregate billed receivables balance from REPs as of December 31, 2025 was $279 million. Approximately 37% and 23% of this amount was owed by affiliates of NRG and Vistra Energy Corp., respectively. Any delay or default in payment by REPs could adversely affect Houston Electric s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If a REP was unable to meet its obligations, it could consider, among various options, restructuring under the bankruptcy laws, in which event such REP might seek to avoid honoring its obligations, and claims might be made regarding prior payments Houston Electric had received from such REP. For example, following the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, multiple REPs filed for bankruptcy. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, as authorized by the PUCT, CenterPoint Energy and Houston Electric had a regulatory asset of $7 million and $8 million, respectively for bad debt expenses resulting from REPs defaults on their obligations to pay delivery charges to Houston Electric, net of collateral and recovery in rates. See Rate regulation of the Registrants electric ... For further information on certain of Houston Electric s ongoing regulatory proceedings, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Regulatory Matters in Item 7 of Part II of this report. 21 Houston Electric s use of TEEEF is subject to various risks, potential performance issues and allegations about Houston Electric s procurement and deployment of the resources (including the planning, execution and effectiveness of the same), regulatory and environmental requirements, and timely recovery of capital. Following the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, the Texas legislature passed a law to allow TDUs, such as Houston Electric, to lease and temporarily operate TEEEF during widespread power outages where ERCOT has ordered a TDU to Load Shed or the TDU s distribution facilities are not being fully served by the bulk power system under normal operations. In response to this legislation, Houston Electric began leasing large (27 MW to 32 MW) TEEEF and medium (5.7 MW) TEEEF. In 2023, the Texas legislature amended the law to allow wider use of TEEEF, and in response, Houston Electric has entered into contractual arrangements to facilitate access to small (200 kW to 1,250 kW) TEEEF units; the small TEEEF units represent approximately 4% of the MWs of Houston Electric s total portfolio of TEEEF assets. In 2025, following the passage of the TEEEF Rule, Houston Electric requested from the PUCT preapproval to lease small TEEEF units for a three-year term. These proceedings remain ongoing and, until PUCT preapproval is received, Houston Electric plans to maintain the current contractual arrangement providing access to the small TEEEF units on a month-to-month basis. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. Additionally, in June 2025, the law was further amended to provide that, effective on or after the date of the amendment s passage, TDUs may only enter into, renew or extend leases for TEEEF units with a maximum generation capacity of five or fewer MW and that are rapidly deployable. The law prescribes specific and limited use for TEEEF, and Houston Electric s TEEEF have limited generation capacity, such that in future events customers could still be without power despite deployment of TEEEF resources. Additionally, as further described below, the large TEEEF units (which represent approximately 91% of the MWs of Houston Electric s total portfolio of TEEEF assets as of December 31, 2025) were released to the greater San Antonio region as of June 2025 for a contractual term through March 2027 unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of the ERCOT Transaction, and Houston Electric has proposed releasing the medium TEEEF units (which represent approximately 5% of the MWs of Houston Electric s total portfolio of TEEEF assets as of December 31, 2025). If Houston Electric is unable to deploy sufficient TEEEF resources in time to respond to a particular event (including as a result of releasing TEEEF to third parties or similar transactions as further described below); if TEEEF resources fail to perform, or are perceived to fail to perform, as intended; if Houston Electric is otherwise unable, or perceived as unable, to provide back-up generation resources and restore power (such as in the event of ERCOT issuing a directive requiring TDUs to Load Shed); or if the use of TEEEF resources or their failure to perform causes or is alleged to cause any personal injury, property damage, or other damage or loss due to allegations Houston Electric failed to deploy such units reasonably or effectively and failed to respond to particular power outages, Houston Electric could be subject to claims, demands, litigation, liability, regulatory scrutiny, and loss of reputation and new legislation could be passed making it no longer viable for Houston Electric to lease TEEEF at the same or similar scale that it currently leases such resources or at all. For example, following Hurricane Beryl, various federal, state and local governmental and regulatory agencies and other entities called for or conducted inquiries and investigations into the efforts made by Houston Electric to prepare for, and respond to, this event, including, among other things, Houston Electric s procurement of TEEEF, and certain government officials argued that Houston Electric, rather than ratepayers, should be held responsible for paying approximately $800 million (the amount the PUCT had previously approved Houston Electric to recover from ratepayers relating to Houston Electric s leasing of TEEEF). Ongoing and future inquiries, investigations and proposed legislation regarding Houston Electric s TEEEF could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including with respect to our recovery of costs incurred as a result of Hurricane Beryl or future severe weather events; the assessment of financial penalties; changes to Houston Electric s system, service territories, operations and/or regulatory treatment; and the viability for Houston Electric to continue leasing TEEEF. In June 2025, Houston Electric entered into the ERCOT Transaction, subject to PUCT approval, to release its large TEEEF units to ERCOT at CPS Energy facilities to serve the greater San Antonio region until March 2027 unless terminated earlier pursuant to the provisions of the ERCOT Transaction, reduce its TEEEF fleet capacity and reduce its rates to reflect the removal of the large TEEEF units from its fleet. Following the completion of service in the San Antonio area, Houston Electric anticipates that it would complete one or more future transactions involving its large TEEEF units; because the TEEEF units would not be available to serve customers during such time, Houston Electric plans to continue to not charge customers for these units for any future periods. Further, in November 2025, Houston Electric proposed to release its medium TEEEF units from its TEEEF fleet and remove the associated lease costs from its rates. Houston Electric also anticipates entering into and receiving revenue from future transactions involving its medium TEEEF units. There can be no assurance that the PUCT will approve the ERCOT Transaction and Houston Electric s proposal to release its medium TEEEF units. If the ERCOT Transaction and/or Houston Electric s proposal to release its medium TEEEF units are not approved, it may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as potentially lead to negative consequences from regulatory authorities or other public authorities. Suitable future transactions may not be available on terms and conditions we find acceptable, or the expected benefits of Houston Electric s release of its large and medium TEEEF units 22 or any completed future transactions may not be realized fully or at all, or may not be realized in the anticipated timeframe, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Finally, if such transactions are successful and thereby result in Houston Electric having fewer TEEEF units to deploy in its service territory, and conditions occur that could be or are perceived to have the potential to be addressed by Houston Electric s deployment of TEEEF, Houston Electric could be subject to claims, demands, litigation, liability, regulatory scrutiny and loss of reputation. Despite the recovery of certain TEEEF costs in the past, there can be no assurance that Houston Electric will seek to or be able to recover certain future TEEEF costs or be able to retain those costs previously approved for recovery. For example, in 2024, the TCA filed a complaint with the PUCT requesting that it end the cost recovery and return on investment on Houston Electric s large and medium TEEEF units as previously approved, and these proceedings remain ongoing. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. If Houston Electric is unable to recover or must return any or certain of its TEEEF costs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Additionally, while Houston Electric has insurance coverage and indemnity rights for its use of TEEEF resources, if its insurers or indemnitors fail to meet their indemnity obligations, Houston Electric could be liable for personal injury, property damage, or other damage or loss. Further, TEEEF resources are subject to various environmental regulations and permitting requirements, which could have an impact on Houston Electric s ability to use these units. If Houston Electric is not in compliance with any environmental regulation or permitting requirement, Houston Electric could be subject to further potential liability. The use of TEEEF is also subject to various other requirements, and failure to comply with them could subject Houston Electric to additional liability as well as challenges to its use of TEEEF in general. Natural Gas (CenterPoint Energy and CERC) Access to natural gas supplies and pipeline transmission and storage capacity are essential components of reliable service for our natural gas business customers. We depend on third-party service providers to maintain an adequate supply of natural gas and for available storage and intrastate and interstate pipeline capacity to satisfy our customers needs, all of which are critical to system reliability. Substantially all of our natural gas supply is purchased on intrastate and interstate pipelines. If we are unable to secure an independent natural gas supply of our own or if third-party service providers fail to timely deliver natural gas to meet our requirements, the resulting decrease in natural gas supply in our service territories could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, a significant disruption, whether through reduced intrastate and interstate pipeline transmission or storage deliveries or other events affecting natural gas supply, including, but not limited to, operational failures, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, severe winter weather conditions, wildfires, acts of terrorism, human error or cyberattacks or changes in legislative or regulatory requirements, could also have a negative impact on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, to the extent that our natural gas requirements cannot be met through access to or continued use of existing natural gas infrastructure or if additional infrastructure, including onshore and offshore exploration and production facilities, gathering and processing systems and pipeline and storage capacity is not constructed at a rate that satisfies demand, then our operations could be negatively affected. We are subject to fluctuations in natural gas prices, which could affect the ability of our suppliers and customers to meet their obligations or may impact our operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to risk associated with changes in the price of natural gas. The regional and other markets in which we purchase natural gas are competitive and can be subject to significant pricing volatility as a result of many factors, including inflation, adverse weather conditions, supply and demand changes, availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources, political and geopolitical instability, commodity production levels and storage capacity, energy and environmental legislation and regulations and economic and financial market conditions. The natural gas market has been, and may continue to be, volatile due to growing domestic demand, increased natural gas exports, weather and other factors. Significant increases in natural gas prices, such as those experienced during the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, might affect our ability to collect balances due from customers and could create the potential for uncollectible accounts expense to exceed the recoverable levels built into tariff rates. In addition, a sustained period of high natural gas prices could (i) decrease demand for natural gas in the areas in which we operate, thereby resulting in decreased sales and revenues and (ii) increase the risk that our suppliers or customers fail or are unable to meet their obligations. An increase in natural gas prices would also increase working capital requirements by increasing the investment that must be made to maintain natural gas inventory levels. 23 Our natural gas businesses must compete with alternate energy sources, which could result in less natural gas delivered and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our natural gas businesses compete primarily with alternate energy sources such as electricity and other fuel sources. In some areas, intrastate pipelines, other natural gas distributors and natural gas marketers also compete directly with us for natural gas sales to end users. In addition, as a result of federal regulatory changes affecting interstate pipelines, natural gas marketers operating on these pipelines may be able to bypass our facilities and market, sell and/or transport natural gas directly to commercial and industrial customers. Any reduction in the amount of natural gas delivered by us as a result of competition with alternate energy sources may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risk Factors Affecting Regulatory, Environmental and Legal Risks Rate regulation of the Registrants electric and natural gas businesses may delay or deny their ability to earn an expected return and fully and timely recover their costs. The Registrants electric and natural gas businesses are regulated by certain municipalities, state commissions and federal agencies, such as FERC. Their rates are set in comprehensive base rate proceedings (i.e., general rate cases) based on an analysis of their invested capital, their expenses and other factors in a designated test year (often either fully or partially historic), subject to periodic review and adjustments. Each of these rate proceedings is subject to third-party intervention and appeal, and the timing of a general base rate proceeding may be out of the Registrants control. The Registrants can make no assurance that their or their subsidiaries respective base rate proceedings will result in requested or favorable adjustments to their rates, in full and timely cost recovery or approval of other requested items, including, among other things, capital structure and ROE. Moreover, these base rate proceedings have caused in certain instances, and in the future could cause, the Registrants electric and/or natural gas businesses to recover their investments below their requested levels, below the national average return for utilities or below recently approved return levels for other utilities in their respective jurisdictions. For instance, in the 2024 Houston Electric general rate case, Houston Electric filed a base rate case seeking approval for revenue increases of approximately $60 million and a 10.4% ROE, but pursuant to the final settlement agreement filed with the PUCT, Houston Electric received an overall revenue requirement decrease of approximately $47 million to current revenues and a 9.65% ROE relative to the initial filing. To the extent the regulatory process does not allow the Registrants to make a full and timely recovery of appropriate costs, their businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Further, the Registrants or their subsidiaries might be required to implement additional measures, such as the adoption of ring-fencing measures by Houston Electric in connection with its 2019 rate case proceeding. Such additional measures may adversely impact the Registrants businesses and could have an adverse effect on their businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The rates that Registrants electric and natural gas businesses are allowed to charge may not match their costs at any given time, a situation referred to as regulatory lag. Regulatory lag has been and may be exaggerated in the future under certain circumstances, such as increased capital investments that are recovered in arrears. For example, the MPUC ordered extraordinary gas costs incurred in the February 2021 Winter Storm Event be recovered over a 63-month period from 2022 2027 and CERC forego recovery of the associated carrying costs. Though several interim rate adjustment mechanisms have been approved by jurisdictional regulatory authorities and implemented by the Registrants and their subsidiaries to reduce the effects of regulatory lag (for example, CSIA, DCRF, DRR, DSMA, GRIP, RCRA, TCOS and TDSIC), such adjustment mechanisms are subject to the applicable regulatory body s approval, which we cannot assure would be approved, and are subject to certain limitations that may reduce or otherwise impede the Registrants or their subsidiaries ability to adjust their rates or result in rates below those requested. Therefore, the Registrants can make no assurance filings for such mechanisms will result in favorable adjustments to rates or in full cost recovery. Further, from time to time, the Registrants regulators approve the issuance of system restoration bonds or securitization bonds to facilitate the recovery of certain qualified costs, including costs incurred as a result of severe weather or to recover stranded asset costs. For example, Houston Electric is currently seeking to recover system restoration costs associated with Hurricane Beryl and certain other significant storms through the issuance and sale of non-recourse system restoration bonds. The issuance of system restoration bonds or securitization bonds may be delayed due to regulatory or other actions outside of our control. If the issuance of system restoration bonds or securitization bonds is delayed, we may not be able to recover our costs in a timely manner, which could have an adverse effect on CenterPoint Energy s, CERC s, and Houston Electric s businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Inherent in the regulatory process is some level of risk that jurisdictional regulatory authorities may challenge the reasonableness or prudency of operating expenses incurred or capital investments made by the Registrants or their subsidiaries and deny the full recovery of their cost of service in rates. For example, concerns about customer affordability could cause regulators to approve lesser amounts in ratemaking or cost recovery proceedings. From time to time, reviews and investigations 24 have caused in certain instances, and in the future could cause, the Registrants to recover their costs or investments below their requested levels. For example, in October 2022, the MPUC issued a written order disallowing recovery of approximately $36 million of the $409 million originally requested by CERC in connection with its recovery of costs incurred as a result of the February 2021 Winter Storm Event. Notwithstanding the application of such rate adjustment mechanisms, the regulatory process by which rates are determined is subject to change as a result of legislative processes, rulemakings or litigation, as the case may be, and may not always be available or result in rates that will produce recovery of the Registrants or their subsidiaries costs or enable them to earn their authorized return. New legislation could be adopted in any of the states in which we operate that could alter the regulatory framework and prevent us from getting timely recovery of our costs and investments. Additionally, changes to the rate case or interim adjustment mechanisms (including the termination of such mechanisms) could result in an increase in regulatory lag or otherwise impact the Registrants ability to recover their costs in a timely manner. Decisions from regulators are typically subject to appeal, and any such appeal could further exacerbate regulatory lag and lead to additional uncertainty associated with rate case proceedings. The regulatory process may also be adversely affected by the political, regulatory and economic environment and customer affordability concerns in the states in which we operate. We are also affected by the actions of numerous advocacy groups, and success by any such groups in directly or indirectly influencing legislators and regulators could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. To the extent the regulatory process does not allow the Registrants to make a full and timely recovery of appropriate costs, their businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on rate case proceedings and interim rate adjustment mechanisms, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Regulatory Matters in Item 7 of Part II of this report. The regulated utility businesses, and the energy industry as a whole, have experienced a period of rising costs and investments and an upward trend in spending, especially with respect to infrastructure investments (including those that have already been approved by a regulator). For example, Houston Electric s SRP, which was approved by the PUCT in November 2025, includes twenty-seven resiliency measures totaling approximately $2.68 billion in capital investments and an estimated $185 million in operations and maintenance expense. Rising costs and investments and the upward trend in spending is likely to continue in the foreseeable future and could result in more frequent rate cases and requests for, and the continuation of, cost recovery mechanisms, all of which could result in adverse cost recovery determinations and/or face resistance from customers and other stakeholders, especially in a rising cost environment, whether due to inflation, customer affordability concerns, tariffs or changes to governmental policies and programs, high fuel prices or otherwise, and/or in periods of economic decline or hardship. Significant increases in costs could increase financing needs and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our successful execution and completion of capital projects and programs, including those within our 10-year capital plan, are subject to substantial risks, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected should such efforts not be executed and completed as planned. We are managing ongoing, and planning future, significant capital projects relating to, among other things, improvements to our electric and natural gas transmission and distribution infrastructure. The execution of our capital projects, including those within our 10-year capital plan, may not be completed in accordance with current expectations or produce the desired results. Our ability to execute and complete our capital projects, including Houston Electric s proposed 765 kV and other transmission projects, in a timely and cost-effective manner and within budget is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. These variables and risks include, but are not limited to, availability of and costs for materials, equipment, commodities and qualified labor; cost and availability of financing; cost of regulatory compliance; economic and market conditions; regulatory approvals, licensing and permitting; land and easement acquisition (including requirements and constraints relating to eminent domain); regulatory, political, public and community relations risks (including in relation to customer affordability concerns); tax law; our ability to capitalize on business opportunities and such opportunities providing desirable rates of return; load growth (including our forecasts thereof) and our ability to capitalize on opportunities relating thereto; safety and environmental requirements; the ability of third parties to provide timely and satisfactory performance under their contracts; delays and cost increases; and supply chains and material constraints. Certain events that may be beyond our control may occur that materially affect the schedule, cost and performance of these projects, including Houston Electric s proposed 765 kV and other transmission projects. These events may relate to facing public and policymaker opposition to the projects or the real or perceived cost of such projects; delays in obtaining permits; challenges in securing sufficient land/easements for projects (including challenges to our use of eminent domain); shortages in materials and qualified labor; third parties not performing as expected or required under their contracts and/or experiencing financial problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations under contracts; supply chain delays or disruptions; changes in the scope and timing of projects; strikes; and adverse weather conditions. For example, our failure to capitalize on the opportunities presented by these developments or potential large load customers delaying or cancelling their planned projects could lead to delays or the cancellation of the projects 25 included in our 10-year capital plan. Additionally, regulators may investigate the prudence of costs in our rates and examine, among other things, the reasonableness or prudence of our level of expenditures (including costs associated with our capital projects). If we do not execute or complete our capital projects, including those within our 10-year capital plan, in accordance with current expectations or if our capital plan does not produce the desired results, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected. We face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals, public opposition, and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede our development and operating activities. Houston Electric, Indiana Electric and CERC own, develop, construct, manage and operate electric transmission, distribution and generation facilities or natural gas distribution facilities, as applicable. A key component of our growth is our ability to construct and operate these facilities. As part of these operations, we must periodically apply for licenses and permits from various local, state, federal and other regulatory authorities and abide by their respective conditions. We have previously experienced delays in receiving approval with regards to certain permits and licenses, and have had investigations and enforcement actions with regards to certain of our projects, which have caused delays to our projects in the past. Our projects, such as in the case of Houston Electric s proposed 765 kV and other transmission projects, have faced and may in the future face opposition from individuals, community organizations, environmental and other activist groups, and other public-interest entities. In the future, these approvals may not be granted in a timely manner (including due to potential staffing issues at U.S. regulatory agencies) or at all or may be modified, rescinded or fail to be extended for a variety of reasons, including due to legal or regulatory changes or political, public and community relations pressure. Should we in the future be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits on acceptable terms or resolving third-party challenges to such licenses or permits, should there be a delay in obtaining or renewing necessary licenses or permits, or should regulatory authorities initiate any associated investigations or enforcement actions or impose related penalties or disallowances, our future net income and cash flows could be reduced and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be impacted. Any failure to negotiate successful project development agreements for new facilities with third parties could also have adverse effects. We are involved in numerous legal proceedings, the outcomes of which are uncertain, and resolutions adverse to us could negatively affect our financial results. The Registrants are subject to numerous legal proceedings, including lawsuits and environmental matters in addition to regulatory proceedings, the most significant of which are summarized in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties; recent trends have shown jury verdicts, settlements and other liability have been significantly increasing; and the Registrants cannot predict the outcome of all matters with assurance. Additionally, under some circumstances, the Registrants could potentially have claims filed against them or incur liabilities associated with assets and businesses no longer owned by them as a result of sales, divestitures or other transfers to third parties who may be unable to fulfill their indemnity obligations to the Registrants. Final resolution of these matters, or any potential future claims or liabilities, may require additional expenditures over an extended period of time that may be in excess of established insurance or reserves and may have an adverse effect on the Registrants businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For further information, see Our insurance coverage may not... Customers , investors , legislators , regulators , creditors , rating agencies and other stakeholders opinions of us are affected by many factors, including actual or perceived system reliability and safety, the speed of our response to service interruptions, rates and customer affordability, our ability to successfully execute our capital plan, media coverage and actions by third parties, and negative opinions developed by such stakeholders could harm our reputation and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our results are influenced by the expectations of our customers, investors, legislators, regulators, creditors, rating agencies and other stakeholders. Those expectations are based, in part, on the actual or perceived reliability, safety and affordability of our utility services. Our actual or perceived ability to prevent, mitigate, prepare for and timely respond to electric outages, natural gas leaks or events and related accidents and similar interruptions caused by severe weather, physical or cybersecurity incidents or other unanticipated events, as well as our own or third parties actions or failure to act, can affect customer, regulator and legislator satisfaction or potentially subject us to regulatory action and litigation. For example, CenterPoint Energy, CenterPoint Energy Service Company, LLC and Houston Electric are subject to litigation and claims arising out of Hurricane Beryl and various federal, state and local governmental and regulatory agencies and other entities called for or conducted inquiries and investigations into Hurricane Beryl and the efforts made by Houston Electric to prepare for, and respond to, this event, including the associated electric service outage issues. Ongoing and future inquiries, investigations and proposed legislation regarding Hurricane Beryl could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including with respect to our recovery of costs incurred as a result of Hurricane Beryl or future severe weather events; the assessment of financial penalties; changes to Houston Electric s system, service territories, operations and/or 26 regulatory treatment; and the viability for Houston Electric to continue leasing TEEEF. The level of rates and actual or perceived affordability of our services, the timing and magnitude of rate increases, and the volatility of rates can also affect the opinions of customers, legislators, regulators and other political figures of us. For example, in 2025, the Governor of Indiana directed the commissioner of the OUCC to evaluate utilities profits and find cost-saving measures to ease the financial burden on customers. Our ability to successfully execute our capital plan may also affect customers , investors , legislators , regulators , creditors , rating agencies and other stakeholders opinions and actions. Opinions of us can additionally be affected by media coverage, including social media, which may include information, whether factual or not, that damages our brand and reputation. Our efforts to secure permits and/or acquire land and easements (including through eminent domain) for infrastructure investments, including with respect to Houston Electric s proposed 765 kV and other transmission projects, as well as execute on and/or obtain regulatory approvals for transmission, generation and other facilities can also affect opinions of us. We are also subject to adverse publicity related to actual or perceived environmental practices or impacts, including in relation to climate change and our ability to timely achieve our energy transition goals, as well as negative opinions regarding the appropriateness of our climate-related goals. If customers, investors, legislators, regulators, creditors, rating agencies or other stakeholders have or develop a negative opinion of us or our utility services, this could result in, among other things, less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes (including but not limited to failure to obtain requested approvals on capital investments) or increased regulatory oversight, negative effects on our access to, and the cost of, capital, project delays or cancellations, increased litigation and negative public perception. The foregoing may harm our reputation and have adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities arising from environmental laws and regulations, including regulation of CCR, climate change legislation and certain local initiatives that seek to limit fossil fuel usage. Our operations are subject to stringent and complex laws and regulations pertaining to the environment. As an owner or operator of natural gas pipelines, distribution systems and storage, electric generating facilities and electric transmission and distribution systems, and the facilities that support these systems, we must comply with these laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels. These laws and regulations can restrict or impact our business activities in many ways, including among others, restricting the use of fossil fuels through future climate legislation or regulation, restricting the use of natural gas-fired appliances in new homes, limiting airborne emissions from generating facilities, restricting the way we manage wastes, including wastewater discharges, air emissions and CCR removal, and requiring remedial action or monitoring to mitigate environmental actions caused by our operations or attributable to former operations. Environmental laws and regulations applicable to our operations are complex and subject to continued uncertainty, and we are subject to risks from changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws, modifications to existing laws, new laws, and new or modified permit terms. We may need to spend substantial amounts and devote other resources from time to time to comply with these requirements. Further, in the course of operations we have released, and may in the future inadvertently release, various contaminants. Any such releases could have a significant impact on the environment and result in significant fines. Failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations may trigger a variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures, including measures taken by individuals and non-governmental organizations seeking to enforce environmental laws against us or allege a failure to comply with such laws, and could lead to the assessment of monetary penalties, which we have been subject to from time to time, revocation of permits, the imposition of remedial actions, and the issuance of orders enjoining future operations. Certain environmental statutes impose strict joint and several liability for costs required to clean, restore and monitor sites where hazardous substances have been stored, disposed or released. Moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances or other waste products into the environment. Regulatory agencies have also adopted, and from time to time consider adopting, new legislation and/or modifying existing laws and regulations to reduce GHGs. There continues to be a wide-ranging policy and regulatory debate, at the state level, nationally and internationally, regarding the possible means for their regulation. Although the United States withdrew from the Paris Agreement in 2026, and more recently the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, and the current federal administration has revised and is expected to further revise compliance requirements under a number of federal environmental regulatory programs, many states and localities continue to pursue their own climate policies, and differences in energy policy priorities adopted by future federal administrations could result in additional GHG reduction requirements in the United States. As a distributor and transporter of natural gas and electricity, and a generator of electricity in Indiana, the Registrants revenues, operating costs and capital requirements could be adversely affected as a result of any regulatory action that would require installation of new control technologies or a modification of their operations or that would have the effect of reducing the consumption of natural gas or electricity or prevent the use of certain fuel types. There can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for environmental compliance or remediation, and actual future expenditures may be greater than the amounts we currently anticipate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Likewise, incentives to conserve energy or use energy sources other than natural gas could result in a 27 decrease in demand for our services. For further discussion, see Business Environmental Matters in Item 1 and Our natural gas businesses must compete with Evolving investor sentiment related to the use of fossil fuels and initiatives to restrict continued production of fossil fuels may have substantial impacts on our electric generation and natural gas businesses. For example, because Indiana Electric currently relies on coal for a portion of its generation capacity, certain financial institutions may choose not to participate in CenterPoint Energy s financing arrangements until future coal generation closures satisfy their thresholds for investments. Further, some investors choose to not invest in CenterPoint Energy due to CenterPoint Energy s and CERC s use of fossil fuels. Also, certain cities in CenterPoint Energy s and CERC s operational footprint have discussed the adoption of initiatives to prohibit the construction of new natural gas facilities that would provide service and focus on electrification. For example, Minneapolis has adopted carbon emission reduction goals in an effort to decrease reliance on fossil natural gas. Certain state and local governments have also passed, or are considering, legislation banning the use of natural gas-fired appliances in new homes, which could affect consumer use of natural gas. Should such bans be enacted within CenterPoint Energy s and CERC s operational footprint, they could adversely affect consumer demand for natural gas. Any such initiatives and legislation could adversely affect CenterPoint Energy s and CERC s businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, certain investors, lenders, regulators and other stakeholders are focusing on issues related to environmental justice, which may result in increased scrutiny of our applicable regulatory processes and additional costs of compliance or may adversely affect our reputation. While President Trump in 2025 signed an executive order calling to terminate all environmental justice offices and positions in the federal government, as well as any environmental justice initiatives, programs or other activities, the focus on environmental justice matters by certain stakeholders may nevertheless provide communities opposed to our operations with greater opportunities to challenge or delay our projects. Opposition to our projects or successful challenges or appeals to permits issued for our projects could result in cancellation of such projects and the loss of investments we have made with respect thereto. CenterPoint Energy is subject to operational, financial and other risks and potential liabilities associated with our sustainability and related activities, including the implementation of and efforts to achieve our energy transition goals. CenterPoint Energy has adopted energy transition goals and its analysis and plans for execution require it to make a number of assumptions. These goals and underlying assumptions involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees, and our ability to achieve these goals will ultimately be driven by the needs of our business, the needs and desires of the customers, jurisdictions and other stakeholders we serve and our performance for our shareholders. In addition, forecasting is inherently speculative and the trajectory of the greater energy transition is uncertain. Should one or more of CenterPoint Energy s underlying assumptions require updating, our actual results and ability to make progress towards and achieve our energy transition goals and the timing thereof could differ materially from its expectations, and CenterPoint Energy may elect to modify or update such goals. Further, there can be no guarantee that CenterPoint Energy will sustain or achieve these goals. Certain of the assumptions that could impact CenterPoint Energy s ability to meet our energy transition goals and the timing thereof include, but are not limited to: GHG emission levels, service territory size, capacity needs and customer demand remaining in line with CenterPoint Energy s expectations when such goals were announced, including with respect to demand for our services and in relation to the recent sale of CenterPoint Energy s Louisiana and Mississippi natural gas LDC businesses and the announced sale of CenterPoint Energy s Ohio natural gas LDC business; the ability to appropriately estimate and effectively manage business opportunities from and maintain reliability in connection with new customers and load growth resulting from, among other things, expansion of data centers (associated with, among other things, increasing demand for AI), energy refining and exports, advanced manufacturing and logistics in our service territories; regulatory approvals related to Indiana Electric s generation transition plan and our ability to obtain such approvals; the ability to execute anticipated divestitures, portfolio optimizations or other strategic transactions; interconnection delays in the footprints of regional transmission organizations and/or interconnection costs; cost and affordability of customer rates and related concerns; customer demand for GHG emission free or lower GHG emissions energy; impacts of regulations, legislation or other governmental action, including those related to our operation of certain generating facilities (including the U.S. Department of Energy s December 2025 emergency 202(c) order directing Indiana Electric to continue operating F.B. Culley Unit 2 through March 23, 2026), the environment and tax (including the effects of the OBBBA, Executive Order 14315, the IRA and any further changes to or the repeal of the renewable energy tax credits enacted in the IRA); federal and state executive, legislative and regulatory actions (including regulatory uncertainty resulting from changes in federal energy policy) and support for certain types of generation; impacts of future carbon pricing regulation or legislation, including a future carbon tax; price, availability and regulation of carbon offsets; price of fuel, such as natural gas; cost and technological development/innovation, adoption and commercialization of energy generation technologies, such as wind and solar, natural gas and storage solutions, and alternative energy, including electric vehicles; our ability to implement our modernization plans for pipelines and facilities; the ability to complete and timely implement and maintain system reliability during and after transitioning to generation alternatives to 28 Indiana Electric s coal generation; execution of the retirement or fuel conversion of Indiana Electric s coal facilities on anticipated timelines or at all; the ability to construct and/or permit new natural gas pipelines; the ability to procure resources needed to build at a reasonable cost, the lack of or scarcity of resources and labor, any project cancellations, construction delays or overruns (including as a result of changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies) and the ability to appropriately estimate costs of new generation; impact of any supply chain disruptions; changes in applicable standards, metrics, methodologies or frameworks; and enhancement of energy efficiencies. Our businesses have in the past and may in the future face increased scrutiny from investors, governmental authorities and other stakeholders related to our sustainability practices, including our human capital management activities, as well as the goals, targets, and objectives we announce, our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them, our progress towards achieving them and related disclosures. We could also face challenges with managing conflicting requirements and our various stakeholders expectations. We may be unable to satisfy all of our stakeholders, and to the extent our sustainability practices (including our human capital management activities) do not align with investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, vary, and sometimes conflict, our businesses, including our reputation, ability to attract or retain employees, and attractiveness as an investment or business partner could be negatively affected and we could be exposed to enforcement actions and litigation. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue, fulfill or demonstrate meaningful progress towards our sustainability-focused goals, targets and objectives, to comply with or otherwise meet ethical, environmental or other standards, regulations or expectations, which may be varied or conflicting, or to satisfy various reporting standards with respect to these matters (including if there are real or perceived inaccuracies in the data and information we report or if we are exposed to allegations that certain public statements regarding sustainability-related matters are false and misleading greenwashing campaigns), within the timelines we announce, or at all, could adversely affect our business or reputation, as well as expose us to government enforcement actions and litigation. Developing and implementing plans for compliance with voluntary climate commitments can lead to additional capital, personnel and operation and maintenance expenditures and could significantly affect the economic position of existing facilities and proposed projects. To the extent that we believe any of these costs are recoverable in rates, cost recovery could be resisted by our regulators and the public, and our regulators might attempt to deny or defer timely recovery of these costs. Moreover, we cannot predict the ultimate impact of achieving our emissions reduction goals, or the various implementation aspects, on our system reliability or our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to extensive regulation, which could result in higher costs for system improvements, as well as fines or other sanctions. In the planning and management of our operations, we must address existing and proposed laws and regulations regarding safety, reliability and other matters, as well as potential changes in regulatory frameworks, including reinterpretation of such regulations, initiatives by federal and state legislatures, regional transmission organizations (e.g., ERCOT and MISO), utility regulators, and taxing authorities, and actions by local jurisdictions regarding such matters. As has occurred in the past, if it were determined that we failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations or with applicable tariff provisions regarding such matters, we could become subject to fines, penalties, refund or disgorgement orders, or disallowed costs, or be required to implement additional compliance or remediation programs, the cost of which could be material. We cannot predict the impact of new laws, rules, regulations, tariffs, principles, or practices by federal or state agencies or regional transmission operators, or challenges or changes to present laws, rules, regulations, tariffs, principles, or practices and the interpretation of any adoption or change. Significant changes in the nature of the regulation of our businesses, including expiration or discontinuation of, or significant changes to, existing regulatory mechanisms, and the current federal administration s approach to U.S. energy policy and resultant changes in regulatory enforcement priorities, and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements, could require changes to our business planning, strategy and management of our businesses and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Houston Electric and Indiana Electric are members of ERCOT and MISO, respectively, which serve the electric transmission needs of their applicable regions. As a result of their respective participation in ERCOT and MISO, Houston Electric and Indiana Electric do not have sole operational control over their transmission facilities and are subject to certain costs for improvements to these regional electric transmission systems. In addition, FERC has jurisdiction with respect to ensuring the reliability of electric transmission service, including transmission facilities owned by Houston Electric and other utilities within ERCOT and Indiana Electric and other utilities within MISO, respectively. FERC has designated NERC as the ERO to promulgate standards, under FERC oversight, for all owners, operators and users of the bulk power system. FERC has approved the delegation by NERC of authority for reliability in ERCOT to the Texas RE, a Texas non-profit corporation, and for reliability in the portion of MISO that includes Indiana Electric to Reliability First Corporation, a Delaware non-profit corporation. Compliance with mandatory reliability standards may subject Houston Electric and Indiana Electric to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures, which may not be fully recoverable in rates. Houston Electric 29 and Indiana Electric have received fines in the past for noncompliance. If Houston Electric or Indiana Electric were to be found to be in noncompliance with applicable mandatory reliability standards again, they would be subject to additional sanctions, including monetary penalties, which could range as high as over a million dollars per violation per day, and non-monetary penalties, such as having to file a mitigation plan to prevent recurrence of a similar violation and having certain milestones in such plan tracked. Additionally, compliance with existing and potential new regulations related to CERC s operation and maintenance of natural gas infrastructure could result in significant costs. PHMSA is responsible for administering the DOT s national regulatory program to assure the safe transportation of natural gas, petroleum and other hazardous materials by pipelines. PHMSA continues to develop regulations and other approaches to risk management to assure safety in design, construction, testing, operation, maintenance and emergency response of natural gas pipeline infrastructure. We have programs in place to comply with regulations related to CERC s operation and maintenance of natural gas infrastructure, such as leak detection surveys and corrosion and critical valve inspections, and we systematically monitor and renew infrastructure over time; however, CERC has failed to maintain compliance with applicable regulations in the past and has received fines for past noncompliance. A significant incident or material finding of non-compliance in the future could result in enforcement action, penalties, higher costs of operations and adverse impacts on our regulatory proceedings, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our businesses may be adversely affected by the intentional misconduct of our employees, consultants, contractors, suppliers and vendors. We are committed to living our core values of safety, integrity, accountability, initiative and respect and complying with all applicable laws and regulations. Despite that commitment and efforts to prevent misconduct, it is possible for employees, consultants, contractors, suppliers and vendors to engage in intentional misconduct, fail to uphold our core values, and violate laws and regulations for individual gain through contract or procurement fraud, misappropriation, bribery or corruption, fraudulent related-party transactions and serious breaches of our Ethics and Compliance Codes and other policies. If such intentional misconduct by employees, consultants, contractors, suppliers and vendors should occur, it could result in substantial liability, higher costs, increased regulatory scrutiny and negative public perceptions, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. From time to time, including as part of our Ethics and Compliance program s efforts to detect misconduct, we become aware of and expect to continue to become aware of instances of misconduct by employees, consultants, contractors, suppliers and vendors, which we investigate, remediate and disclose as appropriate and proportionate to the incident. Risk Factors Affecting Financial, Economic and Market Risks Disruptions to the global supply chain, inflation, labor shortages and scarcity of certain materials may impact our operations, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to execute our capital plan and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The global supply chain has experienced and may continue to experience significant disruptions due to a multitude of factors, such as geopolitical and economic uncertainty, regulatory and policy instability, tariffs and changes in U.S. and foreign trade policy, changes in laws (including tax laws), executive orders, the COVID-19 pandemic, labor shortages, resource availability, long lead times, manufacturer production limitations, delivery delays, inflation, severe weather events and disruptions to internal or international shipping, including as a result of armed conflicts, and these disruptions have adversely impacted the utility industry. We, as well as other companies in our industry, have experienced supply chain disruptions, and we may continue to experience this in the future. Moreover, inflation and high interest rates have contributed, and may continue to contribute, to increased prices for materials and services experienced by us and other companies in our industry. We have also faced, and may continue to face, a shortage of experienced and qualified personnel in certain positions, which has resulted in increased competition for skilled labor and wage inflation. Additionally, increased demand for materials necessary for our business has resulted, and may continue to result, in greater competition for and scarcity of such materials. For example, the increase in demand for electricity across the United States has contributed to large demand increases for transformers, which has caused and may continue to cause supply shortages for transformers. Examples of materials necessary for our business that we and our industry have experienced difficulties in procuring include transformers, wires, cables, meters, poles, electronic components, steel, aluminum and solar panels. If the supply chain disruption, inflation, labor shortages and scarcity of certain materials persist or worsen, we and the third parties that we contract with may experience difficulties in procuring the resources and labor necessary to operate our businesses in a timely and cost-efficient manner or at all, which could adversely impact, among other things, our ability to perform storm restoration activities, execute on our 10-year capital plan, execute Indiana Electric s generation transition plan and/or achieve our energy transition goals. Even if we are able to procure the necessary resources and labor, we might not be able to do so at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, which could result in project 30 cancellations or scope changes, delays, cost overruns, under-recovery of costs, customer affordability concerns and challenges to our ability to remain in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and policies. If we are unable to fully execute on capital plans, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. If we are unable to arrange future financings on acceptable terms, our ability to finance our capital expenditures and operations or refinance outstanding indebtedness could be limited. Our businesses are capital intensive, with significant and increasing capital spending expected in future periods. We rely on various sources to finance our capital expenditures and operations. For example, we depend on (i) long-term debt, (ii) borrowings through our revolving credit facilities and, for CenterPoint Energy and CERC, commercial paper programs and (iii) if market conditions permit, issuances of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock by CenterPoint Energy, including through our at-the-market program. We may also use such sources to refinance any outstanding indebtedness as it matures. Additionally, from time to time, our operating subsidiaries, including Houston Electric and CERC, may rely on intercompany borrowings from CenterPoint Energy that may be sourced from CenterPoint Energy s external financings. These arrangements could expose us to risks, including exposure to losses upon the occurrence of certain events related to the development, construction, operation or financing of applicable projects. As of December 31, 2025, CenterPoint Energy had nearly $23 billion of outstanding indebtedness on a consolidated basis, which included $714 million of non-recourse Securitization Bonds. For information on outstanding indebtedness of CenterPoint Energy, Houston Electric and CERC as well as future maturities, see Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. In addition, external sources of capital may not be adequate or available on reasonable terms. If we are unable to arrange future financings on acceptable terms, our ability to finance our operations and capital expenditures, including our 10-year capital plan announced in 2025 and increased in February 2026 (through which CenterPoint Energy plans to invest at least $65.5 billion through 2035), or refinance our outstanding indebtedness could be limited. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our future financing activities may be significantly affected by, among other things: general economic and capital market conditions, including inflation and recession; credit availability from financial institutions and other lenders; investor confidence in us, our regulatory environment, our industry and the markets in which we operate; the future performance of our businesses; maintenance of acceptable credit ratings; actions from the Federal Reserve, including changes in interest rates and unanticipated actions; market expectations regarding our future earnings and cash flows; investor willingness to invest in companies associated with fossil fuels; our ability to access capital markets on reasonable terms; acceleration of payments or decreased credit lines timing and adequacy of future cost recovery, including securitizations, by jurisdictions in which we operate; changes in regulation, governmental policy (including tax and trade policy, such as tariffs) or governmental programs (including tax incentives or tax credits, loans, grants, guarantees and other subsidies); and provisions of relevant securities laws and our ability to obtain required regulatory authorization for issuances of securities. The Registrants current credit ratings and any changes in credit ratings in 2025 and to date in 2026 are discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Other Matters Impact on Liquidity of a Downgrade in Credit Ratings in Item 7 of Part II of this report. These credit ratings may not remain in effect for any given period of time and one or more of these ratings may be reduced or withdrawn by a rating agency. The Registrants note these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold their securities. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Any future reduction or withdrawal of one or more of the Registrants credit ratings could have an adverse impact on their ability to access capital on acceptable terms. For example, if CERC s credit rating were to decline, it may have an adverse impact on the cost of borrowings and, in extraordinary market conditions, it may limit the ability to access the debt capital markets. Additionally, CERC might be required to post collateral under its shipping arrangements or to purchase natural gas. If a credit rating downgrade and the resultant cash collateral requirement were to occur at a time when CERC was experiencing significant working capital requirements or otherwise lacked liquidity, CERC s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 31 Changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and other trade actions, and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The U.S. government has taken executive action and proposed additional measures intended to alter the U.S. approach to international trade policy, the terms of certain existing bilateral or multi lateral trade agreements and trading arrangements with foreign countries. Such changes to U.S. international trade policy, and retaliatory trade measures that foreign governments have taken and may take in the future in response, including the imposition of tariffs, bans, sanctions, export or import controls, or other measures that restrict international trade, or the threat of such actions, and uncertainties about tariffs and their effects on trading relationships, may affect, and in some cases have affected, the Registrants ability to access the capital markets, contribute to inflation in the markets in which the Registrants operate, increase costs and cost volatility, impact availability of goods, materials and services (including those necessary for our business and capital plan), further extend lead times or otherwise negatively impact the global supply chain. While the U.S. government has announced various trade deals, many such agreements are preliminary and may be subject to change. Further, any future disagreement between the U.S. government and other countries over the implementation of trade deals or any failure to obtain required governmental approvals or otherwise reach a final agreement could result in prolonged uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of such trade actions by the U.S. government and other countries. Such announcements, rescissions of tariffs on foreign jurisdictions and other trade actions have increased uncertainty regarding the ultimate effects of the tariffs on economic conditions. In addition, related geopolitical and domestic political developments, such as existing and potential trade wars, uncertainty regarding changes in trade policy and other events beyond our control, have increased and may continue to increase levels of political and economic unpredictability globally and the volatility of global financial markets. Such developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. CenterPoint Energy is a holding company that derives all of its operating income from, and holds substantially all of its assets through, its subsidiaries. As a result, CenterPoint Energy depends on the performance of and distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its payment obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock, and provisions of applicable law or contractual restrictions could limit the amount of those distributions. CenterPoint Energy derives all of its operating income from, and holds substantially all of its assets through, its subsidiaries. Similarly, CERC derives a significant portion of its operating income from and holds a significant portion of its assets through its subsidiaries, including Indiana Gas and CEOH. As a result, CenterPoint Energy, and to a lesser extent, CERC, depend on the performance of and distributions from their respective subsidiaries to meet their respective payment obligations and to pay dividends on their respective common stock. In general, CenterPoint Energy s and CERC s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to provide them with funds for their respective payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or otherwise. In addition, provisions of applicable law, such as those limiting the legal sources of dividends, limit CenterPoint Energy s and CERC s respective subsidiaries ability to make payments or other distributions to CenterPoint Energy or CERC, and their respective subsidiaries could agree to contractual restrictions on their ability to make payments or other distributions. Further, ring-fencing measures, such as those adopted by Houston Electric in connection with its 2019 base rate case, could be imposed on subsidiaries of CenterPoint Energy and CERC in the future through legislation or state commission rules or orders. The imposition of any additional measures impacting CenterPoint Energy s or CERC s ability to receive dividends from their respective subsidiaries could adversely affect CenterPoint Energy s credit quality, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any such adverse effect on CenterPoint Energy could also adversely affect Houston Electric s and/or CERC s credit quality, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as CenterPoint Energy may not be able to financially support Houston Electric and/or CERC if and when necessary. CenterPoint Energy s right to receive assets of any subsidiary, and therefore the right of its creditors to participate in those assets, are structurally subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary s creditors, including trade creditors. In addition, even if CenterPoint Energy were a creditor of any subsidiary, its rights as a creditor would likely be effectively subordinated to any security interest in the assets of that subsidiary and any senior indebtedness of the subsidiary. CenterPoint Energy s previously owned Energy Systems Group business has performance and warranty obligations, some of which are guaranteed by CenterPoint Energy. On June 30, 2023, CenterPoint Energy closed the sale of its Energy Systems Group business. Prior to June 30, 2023 and as part of the normal course of its business, Energy Systems Group issued performance bonds and other forms of assurance that committed it to operate facilities, pay vendors or subcontractors and support warranty obligations. As the parent company prior to the closing of the sale, CenterPoint Energy or Vectren guaranteed certain of its subsidiaries commitments. When Energy Systems Group was wholly owned by CenterPoint Energy, these guarantees did not represent incremental consolidated obligations, but rather, these guarantees represented guarantees of Energy Systems Group s obligations to allow it to conduct business without posting other forms of assurance. Neither CenterPoint Energy nor Vectren has been called upon to satisfy any 32 obligations pursuant to these parental guarantees to date but may be required to do so in the future. For further information, see Note 14(b) to the consolidated financial statements. An impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets or equity method investments or a fair value adjustment could reduce our earnings. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, as well as when events or changes in circumstances indicates the carrying value may not be recoverable. While CenterPoint Energy has identified and recorded goodwill impairments in the past, no impairments to goodwill were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. Should the annual goodwill impairment test or another periodic impairment test or an observable transaction indicate the fair value of our assets is less than the carrying value, we would be required to take a non-cash charge to earnings with a correlative effect on equity, increasing balance sheet leverage as measured by debt to total capitalization. A non-cash impairment charge or fair value adjustment could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If CenterPoint Energy redeems the ZENS prior to their maturity in 2029, its ultimate tax liability and redemption payments may result in significant cash payments, which would adversely impact its cash flows and liquidity. Similarly, a significant amount of exchanges of ZENS by ZENS holders could adversely impact CenterPoint Energy s cash flows and liquidity. CenterPoint Energy has approximately $828 million principal amount of ZENS outstanding as of December 31, 2025. CenterPoint Energy owns shares of ZENS-Related Securities equal to approximately 100% of the reference shares used to calculate its obligation to the holders of the ZENS. CenterPoint Energy may redeem all of the ZENS at any time at a redemption amount per ZENS equal to the higher of the contingent principal amount of less than $0.1 million in the aggregate, or less than $0.01 per ZENS, as of December 31, 2025, or the sum of the current market value of the reference shares attributable to one ZENS at the time of redemption. In the event CenterPoint Energy redeems the ZENS, in addition to the redemption amount, it would be required to pay deferred taxes related to the ZENS, to the extent such taxes were not currently offset by net operating loss carryforwards or CAMT carryforwards. CenterPoint Energy s ultimate tax liability related to the ZENS and ZENS-Related Securities continues to increase by the amount of the tax benefit realized each year. If the ZENS had been redeemed on December 31, 2025, deferred taxes of approximately $897 million would have been payable in 2025, based on 2025 tax rates in effect, and disregarding the availability of net operating loss carryforwards and CAMT carryforwards. In addition, if all the shares of ZENS-Related Securities had been sold on December 31, 2025 to fund the aggregate redemption amount, capital gains taxes of approximately $72 million would have been payable in 2025, disregarding the availability of net operating loss carryforwards and CAMT carryforwards. As of December 31, 2025, CenterPoint Energy had both net operating loss carryforwards and CAMT carryforwards available from its filed 2024 federal income tax return that can be applied to largely offset the cash tax outflow that would result from a retirement or exchange of ZENS. Similarly, a significant amount of exchanges of ZENS by ZENS holders could adversely impact CenterPoint Energy s cash flows and liquidity, subject to the availability of net operating loss carryforwards or CAMT carryforwards. This could happen if CenterPoint Energy s creditworthiness were to drop, the market for the ZENS were to become illiquid, or for some other reason. While funds for the payment of cash upon exchange of ZENS could be obtained from the sale of the shares of ZENS-Related Securities CenterPoint Energy owns or from other sources, ZENS exchanges result in a cash outflow because tax deferrals related to the ZENS and ZENS-Related Securities shares would typically be reversed when ZENS are exchanged and ZENS-Related Securities shares are sold, subject to the availability of net operating loss carryforwards or CAMT carryforwards to reduce the cash taxes payable in the year of exchange or sale. Our potential business strategies and strategic initiatives, including merger and acquisition activities and the disposition of assets or businesses, may not be completed or perform as expected, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows depend, in part, on our management s ability to implement our business strategies successfully and realize the anticipated benefits therefrom. In 2025, we announced our strategic goals for CenterPoint Energy, including our new 10-year capital plan. Our strategic goals are subject to the risks described in this section and various assumptions. These assumptions may require updating or we may not be able to execute on these strategic goals in a timely manner or at all. If we are unable to execute on our strategic goals, including our 10-year capital plan, the benefits therefrom may not be fully realized, if at all, and our reputation may be adversely affected. From time to time we have made, and may continue to make, acquisitions or divestitures of, or other similar transactions involving, businesses and assets, such as our announced sale of our Ohio natural gas LDC business, Houston Electric s release 33 of its large TEEEF units to the San Antonio area and other potential future releasing and subleasing of TEEEF, form joint ventures or undertake restructurings, such as the Restructuring. However, suitable acquisition candidates or potential buyers may not continue to be available on terms and conditions we find acceptable, or the expected benefits of completed acquisitions, dispositions or similar transactions may not be realized fully or at all or may not be realized in the anticipated timeframe. If we are unable to make acquisitions, or if those acquisitions do not perform as anticipated, our future growth may be adversely affected. Further, any completed or future acquisitions, dispositions or other strategic transactions involve substantial risks, including the following: acquired businesses or assets, or other business strategies and strategic initiatives may not produce revenues, earnings or cash flow at an