=== CNP_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors CenterPoint Energy is a holding company that conducts all of its business operations through subsidiaries, primarily Houston Electric, CERC and SIGECO. The following, along with any additional legal proceedings identified or incorporated by reference in Item 3 of this combined report on Form 10-K, summarizes the principal risk factors associated with the holding company and the businesses conducted by its subsidiaries. However, additional risks and uncertainties either not presently known or not currently believed by management to be material may also adversely affect CenterPoint Energy’s businesses. For other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this combined report on Form 10-K, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Certain Factors Affecting Future Earnings” in Item 7, which should be read in conjunction with the risk factors contained in this Item 1A. Carefully consider each of the risks described below, including those relating to Houston Electric, LLC and CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp., which, along with CenterPoint Energy, Inc., are collectively referred to as the Registrants. Unless the context indicates otherwise, where appropriate, information relating to a specific Registrant has been segregated and labeled as such and specific references to Houston Electric and CERC in this section also pertain to CenterPoint Energy. In this combined report on Form 10-K, the terms “our,” “we” and “us” are used as abbreviated references to CenterPoint Energy, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Risk Factors Affecting Operations Electric Transmission, Distribution and Generation (CenterPoint Energy and Houston Electric) Disruptions at third-party or Indiana Electric’s power generation facilities, generation inadequacy, directives issued by regulatory authorities or other matters could cause interruptions in Houston Electric’s and Indiana Electric’s ability to provide transmission and distribution services and Houston Electric and Indiana Electric may not be able to promptly respond, repair and restart their facilities, which could adversely affect their businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Houston Electric owns the transmission and distribution infrastructure in its service territory that delivers electric power to its customers, but it does not own or operate any bulk power generation facilities. Indiana Electric owns and operates power generation facilities in addition to the transmission and distribution infrastructure in its service territory. Both Houston Electric and Indiana Electric must follow the directives issued by their independent system operator, ERCOT and MISO, respectively. ERCOT and MISO have in the past and may in the future issue directives requiring members to implement controlled outages as a result of an emergency or reliability issues. Houston Electric has faced and may in the future face challenges to its planning and preparation for such directives and its implementation of Load Shed, including, for example, allegations that it had discretion as to how to Load Shed and which customers experienced outages and the duration of those outages. As a result, claims and lawsuits could be filed against CenterPoint Energy for personal injury, property damage or other damage or loss as a result of its Load Shed planning, preparation, implementation, and decisions in order to meet the directives of ERCOT and MISO, respectively. For example, during the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, the ERCOT regulated Texas electric system experienced an unprecedented power generation shortage as the amount of electricity generated by the state’s power generation companies was insufficient to meet the amount demanded by customers. This resulted in ERCOT directing TDUs to significantly Load Shed, which caused customer outages across the ERCOT electric grid of Texas, including in Houston Electric’s service territory. CenterPoint Energy received various claims and lawsuits with respect to the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, alleging, among other things, wrongful death, personal injury, property damage and other injuries and damages. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements and “— Houston Electric’s use of TEEEF ...” for further information. If power generation capacity is severely disrupted or is inadequate for any reason in the future or in the event of significant system disturbances, Houston Electric’s or Indiana Electric’s transmission and distribution services may be diminished, interrupted or halted, which could lead to prolonged customer outages, and Houston Electric and Indiana Electric may not be able to promptly repair and restart their facilities, which could adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, as with the lawsuits filed in the aftermath of the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, claims and lawsuits could be filed against the Registrants, which could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, Indiana Electric’s generating facilities are subject to operational risks, and Houston Electric and Indiana Electric are subject to risk relating to the generating facilities that supply the power transmitted by Houston Electric and Indiana Electric; these risks have in the past and may in the future result in service interruptions and unscheduled outages, unanticipated operation and maintenance expenses, reputational harm and increased purchase power costs. For example, in June 2022, F.B. Culley Unit 3, a coal-fired generation unit, experienced a boiler feed pump turbine failure that caused the unit to be out of service for nearly nine months. In this time frame, CenterPoint Energy purchased energy on the open market. Such open market purchases have and may again result in increased costs and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, Indiana Electric is party to a number of PPAs with third parties. Indiana Electric’s 19 operations may be disrupted or otherwise insufficient if third parties do not deliver required power under our PPAs. These risks can arise from circumstances such as facility shutdowns or malfunctions due to equipment failure or operator or other human error; aging infrastructure; interruption of fuel supply or increased prices of fuel as a result of, among other things, contract expirations, inflation and/or tariffs; disruptions in the production or delivery of electricity; inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements; governmental action; labor disputes; severe weather; natural disasters; or cyberattacks, all of which could adversely affect Indiana Electric’s and Houston Electric’s businesses, including their financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, Indiana Electric currently relies on coal for a portion of its generation capacity. Indiana Electric purchases the majority of its coal supply, and in 2025 purchased all of its coal supply, from a single, unrelated party and, although the coal supply is under long-term contract, the loss of this supplier or transportation interruptions could adversely affect its ability to deliver electricity to its customers and adversely impact Indiana Electric’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Future labor shortages in the coal industry as well as coal supply shortages (such as those experienced by Indiana Electric in 2021 and part of 2022), may lead to increased cost and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, as Indiana Electric’s generating facilities may experience unanticipated disruptions as a result of renewable supply shortages, including, but not limited to, unfavorable wind and solar conditions such as cloudy or windless days, and such disruptions could adversely affect its ability to deliver electricity to its customers and adversely impact Indiana Electric’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The operations of Houston Electric and Indiana Electric are subject to the usual hazards associated with electricity transmission and distribution, including inclement or severe weather, natural disasters, including wildfires, mechanical failure, contact with electrified facilities by people, equipment, and debris, unscheduled downtime, equipment interruptions, loss or outage of key technology platforms or systems, contamination, remediation, explosions, fires, chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances and other environmental risks. Such hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment, including loss of transmission and distribution lines and related equipment and environmental damage, and may result in suspension of operations, disruption of service to customers, prolonged outages and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. For example, in 2024, Hurricane Beryl caused significant damage to Houston Electric’s electric delivery system and resulted in a substantial number of its customers being without power, many for extended periods of time. Although CenterPoint Energy currently maintains property and casualty insurance, this insurance is limited in scope and subject to exceptions, conditions and coverage limitations and may not cover the costs associated with potential hazards incident to Houston Electric and Indiana Electric’s businesses, and there is no guarantee that the insurance that CenterPoint Energy currently maintains will continue to be available at rates we believe are reasonable. Indiana Electric’s execution of its generation transition plan is subject to various risks, including timely recovery of capital investments and increased costs and risks related to the timing and cost of development and/or construction of new generation facilities. Indiana requires each electric utility to develop and submit an IRP to the IURC every three years, unless extended, that uses economic modeling to consider the costs and risks associated with available resource options to provide reliable, cost effective electric service for the next 20-year period. Indiana Electric has used past IRPs and will continue to use future IRPs to evaluate its mix of generation resources. Indiana Electric engages with the communities it serves, its regulators and third-parties in developing its generation transition plan. Recent IRPs, including the 2025 IRP, have identified preferred portfolios that include a wider mix of generating resources such as coal-fired generation, solar, wind, solar with storage and dispatchable natural gas combustion turbines. While the IURC does not approve or reject Indiana Electric’s IRP, the IURC does comment on the IRP. Indiana Electric is required to obtain a CPCN prior to constructing or acquiring generating resources. Indiana Electric also obtains IURC approval of PPAs and demand-side management plans to help support cost recovery. Indiana Electric must manage several risks associated with its generation transition plan. The IURC may delay providing comments on an IRP, requiring Indiana Electric to either wait for comments or proceed to implement its IRP without IURC comments. The IURC comments may raise concerns with Indiana Electric’s IRP that make it difficult to obtain approval of the generation transition plan if not addressed. There is no guarantee that the IURC will approve Indiana Electric’s requests to implement part of its generation transition. If Indiana Electric fails to receive IURC approvals necessary to acquire the projects or resources identified in its IRP or if other governmental action is taken with respect to Indiana Electric’s generation resources or generation transition plan, Indiana Electric may not be able to implement its generation transition plan in a timely manner or at all. For example, while Indiana Electric’s 2025 IRP (similar to previous IRPs) preferred portfolios included the retirement of F.B. Culley Unit 2, a coal-fired generation unit, by the end of 2025, the U.S. Department of Energy issued emergency order 202(c) in December 2025 directing Indiana Electric to continue operating the unit through March 23, 2026. Additionally, changes in how renewable resources are accredited to meet MISO’s planning reserve margin requirement have made it less economic to pursue these resources. In connection with its IRPs, Indiana Electric’s determinations with respect to the appropriate mix of generation resources may change from plans that were previously announced. For example, while Indiana 20 Electric’s 2022/2023 IRP recommended the conversion of F.B. Culley Unit 3 from coal to natural gas by 2027, the 2025 IRP re-evaluated this conversion in light of customer affordability concerns, among other things, and deferred the decision regarding F.B. Culley Unit 3’s replacement to a future IRP. If Indiana Electric is unable to implement its generation transition plan, it may have an adverse effect on CenterPoint Energy’s ability to execute on its energy transition goals, execute on its growth strategy, achieve its financial goals, and otherwise impact its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Even if a generation project is approved, risks associated with the development or construction of any new generation exist, including new legislation or governmental action restricting or delaying new generation, moratorium legislation, changes to trade practices (including tariffs, bans, retaliatory trade measures taken against the United States or related governmental action), changes to business practice manuals of MISO or corresponding impacts such as interconnection delays (which may be exacerbated by significant new load additions), the ability to procure resources needed to build at a reasonable cost, scarcity of resources and labor, the ability to appropriately estimate costs of new generation, the effects of potential construction delays, project scope changes, and cost overruns, cost of and ability to meet capacity requirements and related customer affordability considerations. For example, due to shifting market dynamics, changing project considerations such as substantial delays in commercial operation dates (due in part to MISO interconnection delays), cost increases and concerns about customer affordability, Indiana Electric terminated several wind and solar projects in 2025. If Indiana Electric is unable to meet its generation needs through development or acquisition of new generation, it would be required to buy the necessary capacity and electricity on the open market. Such open market purchases may result in increased costs and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to complete or acquire such generation facilities or resources, or if they do not perform as anticipated, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Houston Electric’s receivables are primarily concentrated in a small number of REPs, and any delay or default in payments of these receivables could adversely affect Houston Electric’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Houston Electric’s receivables from the distribution of electricity are collected from REPs that supply the electricity. As of December 31, 2025, Houston Electric provided electric delivery service to approximately 67 REPs. Adverse conditions, including, but not limited to, the February 2021 Winter Storm Event or other extreme weather (which may result in abnormal power prices), structural problems in the market served by ERCOT, the impact of public health events or similar occurrences, mismanagement by the REPs, inflation or financial difficulties of one or more REPs, have and may in the future impair the ability of these REPs to pay for Houston Electric’s services or cause them to delay such payments. Houston Electric depends on these REPs to remit payments on a timely basis. Applicable PUCT regulations significantly limit the extent to which Houston Electric can apply normal commercial terms to otherwise seek credit protection from firms desiring to provide retail electric service in its service territory, and Houston Electric thus remains at risk for payments relating to services provided prior to any shift to another REP or provider of last resort. Houston Electric’s PUCT-approved tariff outlines the remedies available to Houston Electric in the event that a REP defaults on amounts owed. Among the remedies available to Houston Electric are seeking recourse against any cash deposit, letter of credit, or surety bond provided by the REP or implementing mutually agreeable terms with the REP. Another remedy is to require that customers be shifted to another REP or a provider of last resort. Houston Electric thus incurs risk for payments related to services provided prior to the shift to another REP or the provider of last resort. A significant portion of Houston Electric’s billed receivables from REPs are due from affiliates of NRG and Vistra Energy Corp. Houston Electric’s aggregate billed receivables balance from REPs as of December 31, 2025 was $279 million. Approximately 37% and 23% of this amount was owed by affiliates of NRG and Vistra Energy Corp., respectively. Any delay or default in payment by REPs could adversely affect Houston Electric’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If a REP was unable to meet its obligations, it could consider, among various options, restructuring under the bankruptcy laws, in which event such REP might seek to avoid honoring its obligations, and claims might be made regarding prior payments Houston Electric had received from such REP. For example, following the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, multiple REPs filed for bankruptcy. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, as authorized by the PUCT, CenterPoint Energy and Houston Electric had a regulatory asset of $7 million and $8 million, respectively for bad debt expenses resulting from REPs’ defaults on their obligations to pay delivery charges to Houston Electric, net of collateral and recovery in rates. See “— Rate regulation of the Registrants’ electric ...” For further information on certain of Houston Electric’s ongoing regulatory proceedings, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Regulatory Matters” in Item 7 of Part II of this report. 21 Houston Electric’s use of TEEEF is subject to various risks, potential performance issues and allegations about Houston Electric’s procurement and deployment of the resources (including the planning, execution and effectiveness of the same), regulatory and environmental requirements, and timely recovery of capital. Following the February 2021 Winter Storm Event, the Texas legislature passed a law to allow TDUs, such as Houston Electric, to lease and temporarily operate TEEEF during widespread power outages where ERCOT has ordered a TDU to Load Shed or the TDU’s distribution facilities are not being fully served by the bulk power system under normal operations. In response to this legislation, Houston Electric began leasing large (27 MW to 32 MW) TEEEF and medium (5.7 MW) TEEEF. In 2023, the Texas legislature amended the law to allow wider use of TEEEF, and in response, Houston Electric has entered into contractual arrangements to facilitate access to small (200 kW to 1,250 kW) TEEEF units; the small TEEEF units represent approximately 4% of the MWs of Houston Electric’s total portfolio of TEEEF assets. In 2025, following the passage of the TEEEF Rule, Houston Electric requested from the PUCT preapproval to lease small TEEEF units for a three-year term. These proceedings remain ongoing and, until PUCT preapproval is received, Houston Electric plans to maintain the current contractual arrangement providing access to the small TEEEF units on a month-to-month basis. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. Additionally, in June 2025, the law was further amended to provide that, effective on or after the date of the amendment’s passage, TDUs may only enter into, renew or extend leases for TEEEF units with a maximum generation capacity of five or fewer MW and that are rapidly deployable. The law prescribes specific and limited use for TEEEF, and Houston Electric’s TEEEF have limited generation capacity, such that in future events customers could still be without power despite deployment of TEEEF resources. Additionally, as further described below, the large TEEEF units (which represent approximately 91% of the MWs of Houston Electric’s total portfolio of TEEEF assets as of December 31, 2025) were released to the greater San Antonio region as of June 2025 for a contractual term through March 2027 unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of the ERCOT Transaction, and Houston Electric has proposed releasing the medium TEEEF units (which represent approximately 5% of the MWs of Houston Electric’s total portfolio of TEEEF assets as of December 31, 2025). If Houston Electric is unable to deploy sufficient TEEEF resources in time to respond to a particular event (including as a result of releasing TEEEF to third parties or similar transactions as further described below); if TEEEF resources fail to perform, or are perceived to fail to perform, as intended; if Houston Electric is otherwise unable, or perceived as unable, to provide back-up generation resources and restore power (such as in the event of ERCOT issuing a directive requiring TDUs to Load Shed); or if the use of TEEEF resources or their failure to perform causes or is alleged to cause any personal injury, property damage, or other damage or loss due to allegations Houston Electric failed to deploy such units reasonably or effectively and failed to respond to particular power outages, Houston Electric could be subject to claims, demands, litigation, liability, regulatory scrutiny, and loss of reputation and new legislation could be passed making it no longer viable for Houston Electric to lease TEEEF at the same or similar scale that it currently leases such resources or at all. For example, following Hurricane Beryl, various federal, state and local governmental and regulatory agencies and other entities called for or conducted inquiries and investigations into the efforts made by Houston Electric to prepare for, and respond to, this event, including, among other things, Houston Electric’s procurement of TEEEF, and certain government officials argued that Houston Electric, rather than ratepayers, should be held responsible for paying approximately $800 million (the amount the PUCT had previously approved Houston Electric to recover from ratepayers relating to Houston Electric’s leasing of TEEEF). Ongoing and future inquiries, investigations and proposed legislation regarding Houston Electric’s TEEEF could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including with respect to our recovery of costs incurred as a result of Hurricane Beryl or future severe weather events; the assessment of financial penalties; changes to Houston Electric’s system, service territories, operations and/or regulatory treatment; and the viability for Houston Electric to continue leasing TEEEF. In June 2025, Houston Electric entered into the ERCOT Transaction, subject to PUCT approval, to release its large TEEEF units to ERCOT at CPS Energy facilities to serve the greater San Antonio region until March 2027 unless terminated earlier pursuant to the provisions of the ERCOT Transaction, reduce its TEEEF fleet capacity and reduce its rates to reflect the removal of the large TEEEF units from its fleet. Following the completion of service in the San Antonio area, Houston Electric anticipates that it would complete one or more future transactions involving its large TEEEF units; because the TEEEF units would not be available to serve customers during such time, Houston Electric plans to continue to not charge customers for these units for any future periods. Further, in November 2025, Houston Electric proposed to release its medium TEEEF units from its TEEEF fleet and remove the associated lease costs from its rates. Houston Electric also anticipates entering into and receiving revenue from future transactions involving its medium TEEEF units. There can be no assurance that the PUCT will approve the ERCOT Transaction and Houston Electric’s proposal to release its medium TEEEF units. If the ERCOT Transaction and/or Houston Electric’s proposal to release its medium TEEEF units are not approved, it may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as potentially lead to negative consequences from regulatory authorities or other public authorities. Suitable future transactions may not be available on terms and conditions we find acceptable, or the expected benefits of Houston Electric’s release of its large and medium TEEEF units 22 or any completed future transactions may not be realized fully or at all, or may not be realized in the anticipated timeframe, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Finally, if such transactions are successful and thereby result in Houston Electric having fewer TEEEF units to deploy in its service territory, and conditions occur that could be or are perceived to have the potential to be addressed by Houston Electric’s deployment of TEEEF, Houston Electric could be subject to claims, demands, litigation, liability, regulatory scrutiny and loss of reputation. Despite the recovery of certain TEEEF costs in the past, there can be no assurance that Houston Electric will seek to or be able to recover certain future TEEEF costs or be able to retain those costs previously approved for recovery. For example, in 2024, the TCA filed a complaint with the PUCT requesting that it end the cost recovery and return on investment on Houston Electric’s large and medium TEEEF units as previously approved, and these proceedings remain ongoing. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. If Houston Electric is unable to recover or must return any or certain of its TEEEF costs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Additionally, while Houston Electric has insurance coverage and indemnity rights for its use of TEEEF resources, if its insurers or indemnitors fail to meet their indemnity obligations, Houston Electric could be liable for personal injury, property damage, or other damage or loss. Further, TEEEF resources are subject to various environmental regulations and permitting requirements, which could have an impact on Houston Electric’s ability to use these units. If Houston Electric is not in compliance with any environmental regulation or permitting requirement, Houston Electric could be subject to further potential liability. The use of TEEEF is also subject to various other requirements, and failure to comply with them could subject Houston Electric to additional liability as well as challenges to its use of TEEEF in general. Natural Gas (CenterPoint Energy and CERC) Access to natural gas supplies and pipeline transmission and storage capacity are essential components of reliable service for our natural gas business customers. We depend on third-party service providers to maintain an adequate supply of natural gas and for available storage and intrastate and interstate pipeline capacity to satisfy our customers’ needs, all of which are critical to system reliability. Substantially all of our natural gas supply is purchased on intrastate and interstate pipelines. If we are unable to secure an independent natural gas supply of our own or if third-party service providers fail to timely deliver natural gas to meet our requirements, the resulting decrease in natural gas supply in our service territories could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, a significant disruption, whether through reduced intrastate and interstate pipeline transmission or storage deliveries or other events affecting natural gas supply, including, but not limited to, operational failures, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, severe winter weather conditions, wildfires, acts of terrorism, human error or cyberattacks or changes in legislative or regulatory requirements, could also have a negative impact on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, to the extent that our natural gas requirements cannot be met through access to or continued use of existing natural gas infrastructure or if additional infrastructure, including onshore and offshore exploration and production facilities, gathering and processing systems and pipeline and storage capacity is not constructed at a rate that satisfies demand, then our operations could be negatively affected. We are subject to fluctuations in natural gas prices, which could affect the ability of our suppliers and customers to meet their obligations or may impact our operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to risk associated with changes in the price of natural gas. The regional and other markets in which we purchase natural gas are competitive and can be sub

=== CNP_2026-04-23.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the Registrants’ combined 2025 Form 10-K. Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer of CenterPoint Energy, Houston Electric or CERC adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. Item 6. EXHIBITS Exhibits filed herewith are designated by a cross (†); all exhibits not so designated are incorporated by reference to a prior filing as indicated. Agreements included as exhibits are included only to provide information to investors regarding their terms. The agreements listed below may contain representations, warranties and other provisions that were made, among other things, to provide the parties thereto with specified rights and obligations and to allocate risk among them, and such agreements should not be relied upon as constituting or providing any factual disclosures about the Registrants, any other persons, any state of affairs or other matters. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K, the Registrants have not filed as exhibits to this combined Form 10-Q certain long-term debt instruments, including indentures, under which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Registrants and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Registrants hereby agree to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request. 62 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Description Report or Registration Statement SEC File or Registration Number Exhibit Reference CenterPoint Energy Houston Electric CERC 2.1* Asset Purchase Agreement, dated February 19, 2024, among CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp. and Delta Utilities No. LA, LLC, Delta Utilities S. LA, LLC, Delta Utilities MS, LLC, and Delta Shared Services Co., LLC CenterPoint Energy’s Form 8-K dated February 19, 2024 1-31447 1.1 x x 2.2* Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 20, 2025, by and between CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp. and National Fuel Gas Company CenterPoint Energy’s Form 8-K dated October 20, 2025 1-31447 2.1 x x 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation of CenterPoint Energy CenterPoint Energy’s Form 8-K dated April 16, 2026 1-31447 3.1 x 3.2 Restated Certificate of Formation of Houston Electric Houston Electric’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011 1-3187 3.1 x 3.3 Certificate of Incorporation of RERC Corp. CERC Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997 1-13265 3(a)(1) x 3.4 Certificate of Amendment changing the name to Reliant Energy Resources Corp. CERC Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998 1-13265 3(a)(3) x 3.5 Certificate of Amendment changing the name to CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp. CERC Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 1-13265 3(a)(4) x 3.6 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of CenterPoint Energy CenterPoint Energy’s Form 8-K dated September 26, 2025 1-31447 3.1 x 3.7 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Houston Electric Houston Electric’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011 1-3187 3.2 x 3.8 Bylaws of RERC Corp. CERC Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997 1-13265 3(b) x 3.9 Statement of Resolutions Deleting Shares Designated Series A Preferred Stock of CenterPoint Energy CenterPoint Energy’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 1-31447 3(c) x 4.1 Indenture dated as of February 26, 2026, between CenterPoint Energy, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as trustee CenterPoint Energy’s Form 8-K dated February 26, 2026 1-31447 4.1 x 4.2 General Mortgage Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2002, between Houston Electric and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association (successor in trust to JPMorgan Chase Bank) Houston Electric’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002 1-3187 4(j)(1) x 4.3 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 12, 2002, to Exhibit 4. 2 CenterPoint Energy’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 1-31447 4(e)(10) x 4.4 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2008, to Exhibit 4. 2 Houston Electric’s Form 8-K dated January 9, 2009 1-3187 4.2 x 4.5 Thirty- Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 2 7, 202 6 , to Exhibit 4. 2 Houston Electric’s Form 8-K dated February 25, 2026 1-3187 4.4 x †4.6 Officer’s Certificate, dated as of February 2 7, 202 6 x 4.7 Indenture by and among CenterPoint Energy Restoration Bond Company III, LLC, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Securities Intermediary (including the forms of the System Restoration Bonds and the form of Series Supplement), dated as of February 26, 2026 Houston Electric’s Form 8-K dated February 26, 2026 1-3187 4.1 x 63 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Description Report or Registration Statement SEC File or Registration Number Exhibit Reference CenterPoint Energy Houston Electric CERC 4.8 Series Supplement by and between CenterPoint Energy Restoration Bond Company III, LLC and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated as of February 26, 202 6 Houston Electric’s Form 8-K dated February 26, 2026 1-3187 4.2 x 10.1 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2026, among CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp., as Borrower, Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as Administrative Agent, and the banks named therein CERC’s Form 8-K dated January 16, 2026 1-13265 10.1 x †31.1.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Jason P. Wells x †31.1.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Jesus Soto, Jr . x †31.1.3 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Jesus Soto, Jr. x †31.2.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Christopher A. Foster x †31.2.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Christopher A. Foster x †31.2.3 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Christopher A. Foster x †32.1.1 Section 1350 Certification of Jason P. Wells x †32.1.2 Section 1350 Certification of Jesus Soto, Jr. x †32.1.3 Section 1350 Certification of Jesus Soto, Jr. x †32.2.1 Section 1350 Certification of Christopher A. Foster x †32.2.2 Section 1350 Certification of Christopher A. Foster x †32.2.3 Section 1350 Certification of Christopher A. Foster x †101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document x x x †101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document x x x †101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document x x x †101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document x x x †101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document x x x †101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document x x x †104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) x x x * Schedules to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Items 601(a)(5) and 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedules will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request; provided, however, that the parties may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished. 64 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CENTERPOINT ENERGY, INC. CENTERPOINT ENERGY HOUSTON ELECTRIC, LLC CENTERPOINT ENERGY RESOURCES CORP. By: /s/ Russell K. Wright Russell K. Wright Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Date: April 23, 2026 65 