=== JNJ_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain risks that could, among other things, cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in its forward-looking statements. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the risks described above and in Item 1A to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The Company does not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information or future events or developments. Part I Item 1. Business General Johnson Johnson and its subsidiaries (the Company) have approximately 138,200 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. Johnson Johnson is a holding company, with operating companies conducting business in virtually all countries of the world. The Company s primary focus is products related to human health and well-being. Johnson Johnson was incorporated in the State of New Jersey in 1887. The Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is the Company's Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer). The Executive Committee is Johnson Johnson s senior leadership team responsible for setting the strategy and priorities of the Company and driving accountability at all levels. Within the strategic parameters provided by the Executive Committee, senior management groups at U.S. and international operating companies are each responsible for their own strategic plans and the day-to-day operations of those companies. Segments of business The Company is organized into two business segments: Innovative Medicine and MedTech. Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the narrative and tabular descriptions of segments and operating results under: Item 7. Management s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition of this Report; and Note 17 Segments of business and geographic areas of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report. Innovative Medicine The Innovative Medicine segment is focused on the following therapeutic areas: Oncology (e.g., prostate cancer, hematologic malignancies, lung cancer and bladder cancer), Immunology (e.g., rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease and psoriasis), Neuroscience (e.g., mood disorders, neurodegenerative disorders and schizophrenia), Pulmonary Hypertension (e.g., Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension), Infectious Diseases (e.g., HIV/AIDS) and Cardiovascular and Metabolism (e.g., thrombosis, diabetes and macular degeneration). Medicines in this segment are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals and healthcare professionals for prescription use. Key products in the Innovative Medicine segment include: CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel), a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-T-cell therapy for the treatment of patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma; DARZALEX (daratumumab), a treatment for multiple myeloma; DARZALEX FASPRO (daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj), a treatment for multiple myeloma and light chain (AL) Amyloidosis; ERLEADA (apalutamide), a next-generation androgen receptor inhibitor for the treatment of patients with prostate cancer; IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib), a treatment for certain B-cell malignancies, or blood cancers and chronic graft versus host disease; RYBREVANT (amivantamab), a fully-human bispecific antibody for adults with EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer and LAZCLUZE (lazertinib), an oral, brain-penetrant EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor for non-small cell lung cancer; RYBREVANT FASPRO (amivantamab and hyaluronidase-lpuj), a subcutaneous therapy for patients with non-small cell lung cancer; TALVEY (talquetamab-tgvs) a bispecific antibody for adults with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least four prior lines of therapy; TECVAYLI (teclistamab-cqyv), a bispecific antibody for adults with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least four prior lines of therapy; ZYTIGA (abiraterone acetate), a treatment for patients with prostate cancer; REMICADE (infliximab), a treatment for a number of immune-mediated inflammatory diseases; SIMPONI (golimumab), a subcutaneous treatment for adults with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, active psoriatic arthritis, active ankylosing spondylitis and moderately active to severely active ulcerative colitis; SIMPONI ARIA (golimumab), an intravenous treatment for adults with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, active psoriatic arthritis and active ankylosing spondylitis and active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (pJIA) in people 2 years of age and older; STELARA (ustekinumab), a treatment for adults and children with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, for adults with active psoriatic arthritis, for adults with moderately to severely active Crohn's disease and treatment of moderately to severely active 2025 Annual Report 1 ulcerative colitis; TREMFYA (guselkumab), a treatment for patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, active psoriatic arthritis, moderate-to-severe Crohn s disease and moderate-to-severe ulcerative colitis; CAPLYTA (lumateperone) is used in adults along with an antidepressant to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), depressive episodes associated with bipolar I or bipolar II disorder (bipolar depression) alone or with lithium or valproate; or to treat schizophrenia; CONCERTA (methylphenidate HCl) extended-release tablets CII, a treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; INVEGA SUSTENNA/XEPLION (paliperidone palmitate), for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder in adults; INVEGA TRINZA/TREVICTA (paliperidone palmitate), for the treatment of schizophrenia in patients after they have been adequately treated with INVEGA SUSTENNA for at least four months; SPRAVATO (Esketamine), a nasal spray, used along with an oral antidepressant, to treat adults with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) and depressive symptoms in adults with major depressive disorder (MDD) with suicidal thoughts or actions; EDURANT (rilpivirine), PREZISTA (darunavir) and PREZCOBIX/REZOLSTA (darunavir/cobicistat), antiretroviral medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) in combination with other antiretroviral products and SYMTUZA (darunavir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide), a once-daily single tablet regimen for the treatment of HIV; OPSUMIT (macitentan)/OPSYNVI (macitentan/tadalafil) as monotherapy or in combination, indicated for the long-term treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH); UPTRAVI (selexipag), the only approved oral and intravenous, selective IP receptor agonist targeting a prostacyclin pathway in PAH; XARELTO (rivaroxaban), an oral anticoagulant for the prevention of deep vein thrombosis (DVT), which may lead to pulmonary embolism (PE) in patients undergoing hip or knee replacement surgery, to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation, and for the treatment and reduction of risk of recurrence of DVT and PE to reduce the risk of major cardiovascular events in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) and peripheral artery disease (PAD), for the treatment and secondary prevention of thromboembolism in pediatric patients, and for thromboprophylaxis in pediatric patients following the Fontan procedure. Many of these medicines were developed in collaboration with strategic partners or are licensed from other companies and maintain active lifecycle development programs. MedTech The MedTech segment develops and manufactures a broad portfolio of products used in cardiovascular, orthopaedics, surgery, and vision supporting physicians, hospitals, eye care professionals and healthcare systems across a wide range of acute and elective procedures. These products are designed to address disease states where procedural intervention plays a central role in treatment and patient outcomes. The Cardiovascular portfolio includes electrophysiology products used to diagnose and treat heart rhythm disorders, mechanical circulatory support technologies (Abiomed) used in patients with cardiogenic shock or those undergoing a high-risk percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), circulatory restoration products (Shockwave) for the treatment of calcified coronary artery disease (CAD) and peripheral artery disease (PAD), and neurovascular care that treats stroke and other conditions. These offerings are primarily delivered through minimally invasive, catheter based approaches and are used by interventional cardiologists, electrophysiologists and neurointerventional specialists. The Orthopaedics portfolio includes products and enabling technologies that support joint reconstruction, trauma, spine, sports-related injuries, and others. The Surgery portfolio includes a range of surgical products and enabling technologies for use across open, laparoscopic and robotic surgical procedures. This portfolio includes instrumentation, energy devices, stapling systems, wound closure, biosurgery products, and digital and robotic technologies designed to support procedural consistency and efficiency across multiple surgical specialties. The Surgery portfolio also includes solutions that focus on breast aesthetics and reconstruction (Mentor). These products are used in hospitals and surgical centers worldwide and are supported by ongoing development of surgical techniques and clinical evidence. The Vision portfolio includes contact lenses marketed under the ACUVUE brand, TECNIS premium intraocular lenses for cataract surgery, and other products used in cataract and refractive procedures. Vision products are used by eye care professionals and ophthalmic surgeons and span both corrective and surgical vision care. These MedTech products are distributed to wholesalers, hospitals, and retailers and are used predominantly in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals, and clinics. In October 2025, the Company announced its intention to separate its Orthopaedics business. The Company intends to explore multiple paths to effect the planned separation with a targeted completion within 18 to 24 months after the initial announcement. Geographic areas The Company conducts business in virtually all countries of the world with the primary focus on products related to human health and well-being. The products made and sold in the international business include many of those described above under Segments of Business Innovative Medicine and MedTech. However, the principal markets, products and methods of distribution in the international business vary with the country and the culture. The products sold in the international business include those developed in the U.S. and by subsidiaries abroad. 2 Investments and activities in some countries outside the U.S. are subject to higher risks than comparable U.S. activities because the investment and commercial climate may be influenced by financial instability in international economies, restrictive economic policies and political and legal system uncertainties. Raw materials Raw materials essential to the Company's business are generally readily available from multiple sources. Where there are exceptions, the temporary unavailability of those raw materials would not likely have a material adverse effect on the financial results of the Company. Patents The Company's subsidiaries have made a practice of obtaining patent protection on their products and processes where possible. They own, or are licensed under, a significant number of patents in the U.S. and other countries relating to their products, product uses, formulations and manufacturing processes. The Company s subsidiaries face patent challenges from third parties, including challenges seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the Company's key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. Significant legal proceedings and claims involving the Company's patent and other intellectual property are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings Intellectual property of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. Sales of the Company s largest product, collectively DARZALEX (daratumumab) and DARZALEX FASPRO (daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj), accounted for approximately 15.0% of the Company's total revenues for fiscal 2025. Genmab A/S owns two patent families related to DARZALEX, and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) has an exclusive license to those patent families. Royalty rate ranges from 12% to 20% of total DARZALEX net sales. For the fiscal 2025 and 2024, royalty amounts to Genmab were approximately $2.4 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively. The two patent families both expire in the United States in 2029, and in Europe, compound/use patent protection in select countries extends to 2031/2032. Janssen Biotech, Inc. owns separate patent portfolios related to DARZALEX FASPRO and DARZALEX IV. Sales of the Company s second largest product, STELARA (ustekinumab) accounted for approximately 6.5% of the Company's total revenues for fiscal 2025. Third parties have filed biologics license applications with the U.S. FDA, the European Medicines Agency, and other government authorities seeking approval to market biosimilar versions of STELARA around the globe. The Company expects continued launches of biosimilar versions of STELARA globally which will continue to negatively impact the Company s sales of STELARA. Sales of the Company s third largest product, TREMFYA (guselkumab), accounted for approximately 5.5% of the Company's total revenues for fiscal 2025. Janssen Biotech, Inc. owns multiple patent families related to TREMFYA, including a composition patent family projected to expire in the United States in 2031. In addition, Janssen Biotech, Inc. is a party to license agreements related to TREMFYA with an aggregate royalty rate of approximately 5.0% of total TREMFYA net sales payable to third parties. Trademarks The Company s subsidiaries have made a practice of selling their products under trademarks and of obtaining protection for these trademarks by all available means. These trademarks are protected by registration in the U.S. and other countries where such products are marketed. Seasonality Worldwide sales do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality; however, spending has typically been heavier in the fourth quarter of each year than in other quarters. This reflects increased spending decisions, principally for advertising and research and development activity. 2025 Annual Report 3 Competition In all of their product lines, the Company's subsidiaries compete with companies both locally and globally. Competition exists in all product lines without regard to the number and size of the competing companies involved. Competition in research, both internally and externally sourced, involving the development and the improvement of new and existing products and processes, is particularly significant. The development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the Company s product portfolio, is important to the Company's success in all areas of its business. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research. Environment The Company is subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions. The Company believes that its operations comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and regulations. The Company s compliance with these requirements is not expected to have a material effect upon its capital expenditures, cash flows, earnings or competitive position. Regulation The Company s businesses are subject to varying degrees of governmental regulation in the countries in which operations are conducted, and the general trend is toward increasingly stringent regulation and enforcement. The Company is subject to costly and complex U.S. and foreign laws and governmental regulations, and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect the Company's financial condition and business operations. In the U.S., the pharmaceutical product and medical technology industries have long been subject to regulation by various federal and state agencies, primarily as to product safety, efficacy, manufacturing, advertising, labeling and safety reporting. The exercise of broad regulatory powers by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the U.S. FDA) continues to result in increases in the amounts of testing and documentation required for U.S. FDA approval of new drugs and devices and a corresponding increase in the expense of product introduction. Similar trends are also evident in major markets outside of the U.S. The medical device regulatory framework and the evolving privacy, data localization, and emerging cyber security laws and regulations around the world are examples of such increased regulation. Within the U.S., an increasing number of U.S. States have enacted comprehensive privacy laws, and federal regulators (e.g., the U.S. FDA, FTC and HHS) continue to stress the intersection of health and privacy as a compliance and enforcement priority. In the EU, multiple directives and laws (including NIS2, EHDS, the Data Act, the Cyber Resilience Act, and the AI Act) are rapidly changing privacy and cybersecurity compliance requirements while introducing new enforcement risks. In addition, China has introduced broad personal information protection and data security regulations, with more anticipated, thereby increasing China s scrutiny of company compliance and data transfer practices. With other jurisdictions enacting similar privacy laws, local data protection authorities will force greater accountability on the collection, access and use of personal data in the healthcare industry. These laws can also restrict transfers of data across borders, potentially impacting how data-driven health care solutions are developed and deployed globally in a compliant manner. Moreover, as a result of the broad scale release and availability of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies such as generative AI, a global trend towards more comprehensive and nuanced regulation to ensure the ethical use, privacy, and security of AI is underway that includes standards for transparency, accountability, and fairness, which will require compliance developments or enhancements. The regulatory agencies under whose purview the Company operates have administrative powers that may subject it to actions such as product withdrawals, recalls, seizure of products and other civil and criminal sanctions. In some cases, the Company s subsidiaries may deem it advisable to initiate field actions, such as product recalls, regardless of whether it has been required or directed to. The U.S. FDA and regulatory agencies around the globe are also increasing their enforcement activities. If the U.S. FDA were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our pharmaceutical products or medical technologies are ineffective or pose an unreasonable safety risk, the U.S. FDA could ban such products, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded products, order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such products, withdraw approval/clearance/classification for such products, refuse to grant pending applications for marketing authorization or require certificates of foreign governments for exports, and/or require us to notify health professionals and others that the products present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. The U.S. FDA may also assess civil or criminal penalties against us, our officers or employees and impose operating restrictions on a company-wide basis, or enjoin and/or restrain certain conduct resulting in violations of applicable law. The U.S. FDA may also recommend prosecution to the U.S. 4 Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively marketing and selling our products and limit our ability to obtain future clearances, classifications or approvals, and could result in a substantial modification to our business practices and operations. Equivalent enforcement mechanisms exist in different countries in which we conduct business. The costs of human healthcare have been and continue to be a subject of study, investigation and regulation by governmental agencies and legislative bodies around the world. In the U.S., attention has been focused by states, regulatory agencies and Congress on prices, profits, overutilization and the quality and costs of healthcare generally. Laws and regulations have been enacted to require adherence to strict compliance standards and prevent fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. There is increased focus on interactions and financial relationships between healthcare companies and healthcare providers. Various state and federal transparency laws and regulations require disclosures of payments and other transfers of value made to certain healthcare practitioners, including physicians, teaching hospitals, and certain non-physician practitioners. Federal and foreign laws governing international business practices require strict compliance with anti-corruption standards and certain prohibitions with respect to payments to any foreign government official. Payors and Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs) are a potent force in the marketplace, and increased attention is being paid to the impact of PBM practices on healthcare cost and access in the U.S. Our business has been and continues to be affected by federal and state legislation that alters the pricing, coverage, and reimbursement landscape. The federal Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) includes provisions that effectively authorize the government to establish prices for certain high-spend single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed by the Medicare program, starting in 2026 for Medicare Part D drugs and 2028 for Medicare Part B drugs. In 2023, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) published the first Selected Drug list, which includes XARELTO and STELARA as well as IMBRUVICA, which is developed in collaboration and co-commercialized in the U.S. with Pharmacyclics LLC, an AbbVie company. The IRA specifies a ceiling price but not a minimum price for selected drugs and does not require CMS to use a specific framework for determining selected drug prices. The selected products are subject to a government-established price for the Medicare population beginning in 2026. CMS has indicated that, beginning in 2027, it will remove Xarelto and Stelara from the Selected Drug List, such that the products will no longer be subject to the IRA's minimum pricing provisions. In January 2026, CMS published the Selected Drug list for 2028, which includes ERLEADA. The IRA also contains provisions that impose rebates if certain prices increase at a rate that outpaces the rate of inflation, beginning October 1, 2022, for Medicare Part D drugs and January 1, 2023, for Medicare Part B drugs. Separate IRA provisions redesign the Medicare Part D benefit in various ways, including by shifting a greater portion of costs to manufacturers within certain coverage phases and replacing the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new manufacturer discounting program. Failure to comply with IRA provisions may subject manufacturers to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties. In July 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Janssen) filed litigation against the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services as well as the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services challenging the constitutionality of the IRA's Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. The litigation requests a declaration that the IRA violates Janssen s rights under the First Amendment and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution and therefore that Janssen is not subject to the IRA s mandatory pricing scheme. While the impact of the IRA on our business and the broader pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain, as litigation filed by Janssen and other pharmaceutical companies remains ongoing, CMS has publicly announced the maximum fair price for each of the selected drugs and has recently begun implementing the program. In December 2025, Janssen sought review by the U.S. Supreme Court of the Third Circuit majority's affirmance of the district court's denial of its summary judgment motion. In January 2026, the Company reached an agreement with the U.S. Administration to improve access to medicines and lower costs for U.S. patients. Additionally, we expect continued scrutiny on drug pricing and government price reporting from Congress, agencies, and other bodies at the federal and state levels, which may result in additional regulations, including models or other mechanisms to increase pricing controls and/or transparency. There are a number of additional bills pending in Congress and healthcare reform proposals at the state level that would affect drug pricing, including in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. This changing legal landscape has both positive and negative impacts on the U.S. healthcare industry with much remaining uncertain as to how various provisions of federal and state law, and potential modification or repeal of these laws, will ultimately affect the industry. The IRA and any other federal or state legislative change could affect the pricing and market conditions for our products. In addition, business practices in the healthcare industry have come under increased scrutiny, particularly in the U.S., by government agencies and state attorneys general, and resulting investigations and prosecutions carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties. Of note is the increased enforcement activity by data protection authorities in various jurisdictions, 2025 Annual Report 5 particularly in the European Union, where significant fines have been levied on companies for data breaches, violations of privacy requirements, and unlawful cross-border data transfers. In the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission has stepped up enforcement of data privacy with several significant settlements (including settlements concerning the downstream sharing of personal information and use and disclosure of personal health data) and there have been a material increase in class-action lawsuits linked to the collection and use of biometric data and use of tracking technologies. Further, the Company relies on global supply chains, and production and distribution processes, that are complex, and subject to increasing regulatory requirements that may affect sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in the Company's products. These processes also are subject to complex and lengthy regulatory approvals. Employees and human capital management As of December 28, 2025 and December 29, 2024 the number of employees was approximately: 2025 2024 Employees (1) 140,800 139,800 Full-time equivalent (FTE) positions (2) 138,200 138,100 (1) Employee is defined as an individual working full-time or part-time, excluding fixed term employees, interns and co-op employees. Employee data may not include full population from more recently acquired companies and individuals on long-term disability are excluded. Contingent workers, contractors and subcontractors are also excluded. (2) FTE represents the total number of full-time equivalent positions and does not reflect the total number of individual employees as some work part-time. Employees by region (in percentages) Strategy The Company believes that its employees are critical to its continued success and are an essential element of its long-term strategy. Management is responsible for ensuring that its policies and processes reflect and reinforce the Company's desired corporate culture, including policies and processes related to strategy, risk management, and ethics and compliance. The Company s human capital management strategy is built on three fundamental focus areas: Attracting and recruiting top talent Developing and retaining top talent Empowering and inspiring talent Underpinning these focus areas are ongoing efforts to cultivate and foster a culture built on innovation, health, well-being and safety, inclusion and belonging where the Company's employees are encouraged to succeed both professionally and personally while helping the Company achieve its business goals. 6 Culture and employee engagement At Johnson Johnson, employees are guided by Our Credo, which sets forth the Company's responsibilities to patients, consumers, customers, healthcare professionals, employees, communities and shareholders. Employees worldwide must adhere to the Company s Code of Business Conduct, which sets fundamental requirements and serves as a foundation for the Company policies, procedures and guidelines, all of which provide additional guidance on expected employee behaviors in every market where it operates. The Company conducts global surveys that offer its employees the ability to provide feedback and valuable insight to help address potential human resources risks and identify opportunities to improve. In 2025, 95% of global employees across 73 countries participated in Our Credo Survey which was offered in 36 languages. Growth and development To lead in the changing healthcare landscape, it is crucial that the Company continue to attract and retain top talent. In 2025, the Company's voluntary turnover rate was 5.8%. The Company believes that its employees must be equipped with the right knowledge and skills and be provided with opportunities to grow and develop in their careers. Accordingly, professional development programs and educational resources are available to all employees. The Company's objective is to foster a learning culture that helps shape each person s unique career path while creating a robust pipeline of talent to deliver on the Company s long-term strategies. In furtherance of this objective, the Company deploys a global approach to ensure development is for everyone, regardless of where they are on their career journey. To prioritize learning, the Company has an annual Global Learning Day in which employees are encouraged to set aside a full day to explore skill-building courses on its state-of-the-art learning platform, J J Learn. Our workforce As stated in Our Credo, we are responsible to our employees who work with us throughout the world. As a result, and as guided by applicable laws, external insights and employee feedback, we continually strive to meet the needs of our global workforce of individuals from many different backgrounds, abilities, cultures and perspectives. We are committed to cultivating an inclusive, Credo based work environment where employees are recognized and rewarded based on merit. Compensation and benefits As part of the Company's total rewards philosophy, the Company offers competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain top talent. The Company is committed to fair treatment in its compensation and benefits for employees at all levels. The Company observes legal minimum wage provisions and exceeds them where possible. The Company's total rewards offerings include an array of programs to support its employees' well-being, including annual performance incentive opportunities, pension and retirement savings programs, health and welfare benefits, paid time off, leave programs, flexible work schedules and employee assistance programs. Health, wellness and safety The Company s investment in employee health, well-being and safety is built on its conviction that advancing health for humanity starts with advancing the health of its employees. With the right awareness, focus, practices and tools, the Company works to ensure that all its employees around the world, as well as contingent workers, contractors and visitors to the Company's sites, can work safely. The Company has continuously expanded health and well-being programs throughout the Company and across the globe, incorporating new thinking and technologies to keep its offerings best-in-class and to help employees achieve their personal health goals. The programs and practices the Company provides physical, mental, emotional and financial help promote holistic employee health. The Company continues to address our employees needs through J J Flex, a hybrid model that empowers the Company s office-based employees to find a balance of in-person and remote work, while preserving the Company's culture and need for face-to-face engagement and leadership. 2025 Annual Report 7 Available information The Company s main corporate website address is www.jnj.com . The Company makes its SEC filings available on the Company s website at www.investor.jnj.com/financials/sec-filings , as soon as reasonably practicable after having been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. The Company's SEC filings are also available at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Investors and the public should note that the Company also announces information through its press releases and media statements at www.jnj.com/media-center , investor.jnj.com and www.factsabouttalc.com . We use these websites to communicate with investors and the public about our products, litigation and other matters. It is possible that the information we post to these websites could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors and others interested in the Company to review the information posted to these websites in conjunction with www.jnj.com , the Company's SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, Amended and Restated By-Laws, the written charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Benefits Committee, the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee, the Regulatory Compliance Sustainability Committee, and the Science Technology Committee of the Board of Directors, and the Company s Principles of Corporate Governance, Code of Business Conduct (for employees), Code of Business Conduct Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers, and other corporate governance materials are available on the Company's website at www.investor.jnj.com/governance/corporate-governance-overview and will be provided without charge to any shareholder submitting a written request, as provided above. The information on www.jnj.com , investor.jnj.com and www.factsabouttalc.com is not, and will not be deemed, a part of this Report or incorporated into any other filings the Company makes with the SEC. 8 Item 1A. Risk factors An investment in the Company s common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. The Company seeks to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and many are outside of the Company s control and cannot therefore be eliminated. In addition to the other information in this report and the Company s other filings with the SEC, investors should consider carefully the factors set forth below. Investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way. Risks related to our business, industry and operations The Company s businesses operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the Company s earnings. The Company faces substantial competition in its two operating segments and in all geographic markets. The Company s businesses compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. The Company also competes with other market participants in securing rights to acquisitions, collaborations and licensing agreements with third parties. Competition for rights to product candidates and technologies may result in significant investment and acquisition costs and onerous agreement terms for the Company. Competitors development of more effective or less costly products, and/or their ability to secure patent and other intellectual property rights and successfully market products ahead of the Company, could negatively impact sales of the Company s existing products as well as its ability to bring new products to market despite significant prior investment in the related product development. The Company may also experience operational and financial risk in connection with acquisitions if we are unable to fully identify potential risks and liabilities associated with acquired businesses or products, successfully integrate operations and employees, and successfully identify and realize synergies with existing businesses while containing acquisition-related strain on our management, operations and financial resources. For the Company s Innovative Medicine businesses, loss of patent exclusivity for a product often is followed by a substantial reduction in sales as competitors gain regulatory approval for generic, biosimilar and other competing products and enter the market. For the Company s MedTech businesses, technological innovation, product quality, reputation and customer service are especially important to competitiveness. Development by other companies of new or improved products, processes and technologies could threaten to make the Company s products or technologies less desirable, less economical or obsolete. The Company s business and operations will be negatively impacted if we are unable to introduce new products or technological advances that are safe, more effective, more effectively marketed or otherwise outperform those of our competitors. Interruptions and delays in manufacturing operations could adversely affect the Company s business, sales and reputation. The Company s manufacturing of products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of complex, high-quality components and materials. The Company s subsidiaries operate 63 manufacturing facilities as well as sourcing from thousands of suppliers around the world. The Company has in the past, and may in the future, face unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain. Manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons including regulatory action, production quality deviations or safety issues, labor disputes, labor shortages, site-specific incidents (such as fires), natural disasters such as hurricanes and other severe weather events, raw material shortages, lack of available inspectors, political unrest, terrorist attacks and epidemics or pandemics. Such delays and difficulties in manufacturing can result in product shortages, declines in sales and reputational impact as well as significant remediation and related costs associated with addressing the shortage. The Company relies on third parties to manufacture and supply certain of our products. Any failure by or loss of a third-party manufacturer or supplier could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business. The Company relies on third parties to manufacture and supply certain of our raw materials, component parts and products. We depend on these third-party manufacturers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. However, we cannot guarantee that these third-party manufacturers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements, which could result in lost sales and have an adverse effect on our business. 2025 Annual Report 9 Other risks associated with our reliance on third parties to manufacture these products include reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, misappropriation of the Company s intellectual property, limited ability to manage our inventory, possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party and the possible termination or nonrenewal of the manufacturing agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. Moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers suffers any damage to facilities, loses benefits under material agreements, experiences power outages, encounters financial difficulties, is unable to secure necessary raw materials from its suppliers or suffers any other reduction in efficiency, the Company may experience significant business disruption. In the event of any such disruption, the Company would need to seek and source other qualified third-party manufacturers, likely resulting in further delays and increased costs which could affect our business adversely. Counterfeit versions of our products could harm our patients and have a negative impact on our revenues, earnings, reputation and business. Our industry continues to be challenged by the vulnerability of distribution channels to illegal counterfeiting and the presence of counterfeit products in a growing number of markets and over the Internet. Third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. To distributors and patients, counterfeit products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version. Counterfeit medicines pose a risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected and unsanitary sites as well as the lack of regulation of their contents. The threat of counterfeit medicines could adversely impact our business and reputation by impacting patient confidence in our authentic products, potentially resulting in lost sales, product recalls, and an increased threat of litigation. In addition, diversion of our products from their authorized market into other channels may result in reduced revenues and negatively affect our profitability. Global health crises, pandemics, epidemics, or other outbreaks could adversely disrupt or impact certain aspects of the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to risks associated with global health crises, epidemics, pandemics and other outbreaks (such incident(s), a health crisis or health crises). The spread of health crises have caused and may cause the Company to modify its business practices, and take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as the Company determines are in the best interests of our patients, customers, employees and business partners under such circumstances. Impacts to the Company have included and may include adverse impacts to results of operations and financial condition, including lower sales and reduced customer demand and usage of certain of our products. While the Company has robust business continuity plans in place across our global supply chain network designed to help mitigate the impact of health crises, these efforts may not completely prevent our business from being adversely affected in the event of a health crisis. Health crises could adversely impact the Company s operations, including, among other things, our manufacturing operations, supply chain, third-party suppliers, sales and marketing, and clinical trial operations. Any of these factors could adversely affect the Company s business, financial results, and global economic conditions generally. Risks related to government regulation and legal proceedings Global sales in the Company s Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures. Sales of the Company s Innovative Medicine and MedTech products are significantly affected by reimbursements by third-party payors such as government healthcare programs, private insurance plans and managed care organizations. As part of various efforts to contain healthcare costs, these payors are putting downward pressure on prices at which products will be reimbursed. In the U.S., increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, in part due to continued consolidation among healthcare providers, could result in further pricing pressures. In addition, recent legislation and ongoing political scrutiny on pricing, coverage and reimbursement could result in additional pricing pressures. Specifically, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) has changed Medicare Part D benefit design and has subjected certain of the Company's products to government-established pricing beginning in 2026 and may subject additional products in the future. Failure to adhere to the government's interpretations of the law pending ongoing litigation may expose the Company to penalties. In addition, change to Medicare Part D could have a negative impact on U.S. Innovative Medicine sales. Further, increased third-party utilization of the 340B Federal Drug Discount Program from expanded interpretations of the statute and program abuse may have a negative impact on the Company's financial performance. Outside the U.S., numerous major markets, including the EU, United Kingdom, Japan and China, have pervasive government involvement in funding healthcare and, in that regard, directly or indirectly impose price controls, limit access to, or reimbursement for, the Company s products, or reduce the value of its intellectual property protection. 10 The Company is subject to an increasing number of costly and complex governmental regulations in the countries in which operations are conducted which may have a material adverse affect on the Company s financial condition and business operations. As described in Item 1. Business, the Company is subject to an increasing number of extensive government laws and regulations, investigations and legal action by national, state and local government agencies in the U.S. and other countries in which it operates. For example, changes to the U.S. FDA s timing or requirements for approval or clearance of our products may have a negative impact on our ability to bring new products to market. New and changing laws, regulations, executive orders and other directives may also impose deadlines on the Company, or its third-party suppliers, manufacturers or other partners and providers, for which there may be insufficient time to implement changes to comply with such new regulations and may result in manufacturing delays or other supply chain constraints. If the Company is unable to identify ways to mitigate these delays or constraints, there may be an adverse effect on sales and access to our products. The Company is subject to significant legal proceedings that can result in significant expenses, fines and reputational damage. In the ordinary course of business, Johnson Johnson and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims and lawsuits involving various issues such as product liability, patent disputes and claims that their product sales, marketing and pricing practices violate various antitrust, unfair trade practices and/or consumer protection laws. The Company s more significant legal proceedings are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. Litigation, in general, and securities, derivative action, class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive. Some of these matters may include thousands of plaintiffs, may involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. For example, the Company is a defendant in numerous lawsuits arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON S Baby Powder. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses in these matters, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome of litigation. The Company has been and could in the future be required to pay significant amounts as a result of settlements or judgments in these matters, potentially in excess of accruals, including matters where the Company could be held jointly and severally liable among other defendants. The resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and cash flows for that period. The Company does not purchase third-party product liability insurance; however, the Company utilizes a wholly owned captive insurance company subject to certain limits. Product reliability, safety and effectiveness concerns can have significant negative impacts on sales and results of operations, lead to litigation and cause reputational damage. Product concerns, whether raised internally or by litigants, regulators or consumer advocates, and whether or not based on scientific evidence, can result in safety alerts, field actions, such as product recalls, governmental investigations, regulatory action on the part of the U.S. FDA (or its counterpart in other countries), private claims and lawsuits, payment of fines and settlements, declining sales and reputational damage. These circumstances can also result in damage to brand image, brand equity and consumer trust in the Company s products. Product recalls have in the past, and could in the future, prompt government investigations and inspections, the shutdown of manufacturing facilities, continued product shortages and related sales declines, significant remediation costs, reputational damage, possible civil penalties and criminal prosecution. The Company faces significant regulatory scrutiny, which imposes significant compliance costs and exposes the Company to government investigations, legal actions and penalties. The rapid increase in new government laws and regulations imposes significant compliance costs to the Company and a failure of the Company to timely implement changes to comply with these new laws may expose the Company to investigations, legal actions or penalties. Regulatory issues regarding compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) (and comparable quality regulations in foreign countries) by manufacturers of drugs and devices can lead to fines and penalties, product recalls, product shortages, interruptions in production, delays in new product approvals and litigation. In addition, the marketing, pricing and sale of the Company s products are subject to regulation, investigations and legal actions including under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Medicaid Rebate Program, federal and state false claims acts, state unfair trade practices acts and consumer protection laws. Scrutiny of healthcare industry business practices by government agencies and state attorneys general in the U.S., and any resulting investigations and prosecutions, carry risk of significant civil and criminal penalties including, but not limited to, debarment from participation in government healthcare programs. Any such debarment could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. The most significant current investigations and litigation brought by government agencies are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings Government proceedings under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 2025 Annual Report 11 Changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact the Company s operating results. Changes in tax laws or regulations in the U.S. and around the world, including global minimum taxes could negatively impact the Company s effective tax rate and results of operations. A change in statutory tax rate or certain international tax provisions in any country would result in the revaluation of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. Changes to tax laws or regulations may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted. See Note 8 Income taxes under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information. The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and is addressing tax audits and disputes with many tax authorities. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. The Company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of its tax audits and disputes to determine the appropriateness of its tax reserves. However, any tax authority could take a position on tax treatment that is contrary to the Company s expectations, which could result in tax liabilities in excess of reserves. Risks related to our intellectual property The Company faces increased challenges to intellectual property rights central to its business. The Company owns or licenses a significant number of patents and other proprietary rights relating to its products and manufacturing processes. These rights are essential to the Company s businesses and the inability of the Company to secure and maintain these rights may have a detrimental impact on the Company s financial results. Public policy, both within and outside the U.S., has become increasingly unfavorable toward intellectual property rights. The Company cannot be certain that it will secure and maintain adequate patent protection for new products and technologies in the United States and other important markets. Competitors routinely challenge the validity or extent of the Company s owned or licensed patents and proprietary rights through litigation, interferences, oppositions and other proceedings, such as inter partes review (IPR) proceedings before the United States Patent Trademark Office (USPTO). These proceedings absorb resources and can be protracted as well as unpredictable. In addition, others may claim the Company has infringed their intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, or trademarks, and/or has misappropriated their trade secrets, any of which could result in an injunction and/or the need to pay past damages and future royalties and adversely affect the competitive position and sales of our products. The Company has faced increasing patent challenges from third parties seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the Company s key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. In the event the Company is not successful in defending its patents against such challenges, or upon the at-risk launch by the generic or biosimilar firm of its product, the Company can lose a major portion of revenues for the referenced product in a very short period of time. Current legal proceedings involving the Company s patents and other intellectual property rights are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings Intellectual property under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 12 Risks related to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization Significant challenges or delays in the Company s innovation, development and implementation of new products, technologies and indications could have an adverse impact on the Company s long-term success. The Company s continued growth and success depends on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers and consumers. Development of successful products and technologies is also necessary to offset revenue losses when the Company s existing products lose market share due to various factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. New products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 25% of 2025 sales. The Company cannot be certain when or whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire companies, products and technologies, whether particular product candidates will be granted regulatory approval, and, if approved, whether the products will be commercially successful. The Company pursues product development through internal research and development as well as through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures and licensing or other arrangements with third parties. In all of these contexts, developing new products, particularly pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and medical devices, requires significant investment of resources over many years. Only a very few biopharmaceutical research and development programs result in commercially viable products. The process depends on many factors including the ability to: discern patients and healthcare providers future needs; develop promising new compounds, strategies and technologies; achieve successful clinical trial results; secure effective intellectual property protection; obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis; and, if and when they reach the market, successfully differentiate the Company s products from competing products and approaches to treatment. Moreover, the development and regulatory approval of new products may be delayed due to limits on federal agency budgets or personnel, including reductions to the U.S. FDA s budget, employees, and operations, which may lead to slower response times and longer review periods. After approval, new products or enhancements to existing products may not be accepted quickly or significantly in the marketplace due to product and price competition, changes in customer preferences or healthcare purchasing patterns, resistance by healthcare providers or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Even following initial regulatory approval, the success of a product can be adversely impacted by safety and efficacy findings in larger real-world patient populations, as well as market entry of competitive products. The Company leverages the use of data science, machine learning and other forms of AI and emerging technologies across varying parts of its business and operations, and the introduction and incorporation of AI may result in unintended consequences or other new or expanded risks and liabilities. AI technology is continuously evolving, and the AI technologies we develop and adopt may become obsolete earlier than planned. Our investments in these technologies may not result in the benefits we anticipate or enable us to obtain or maintain a competitive advantage. The application of AI in our business is emerging and evolving alongside new laws and regulations that may entail significant costs or ultimately limit our ability to continue the use of these technologies. These technologies also carry inherent risks related to data privacy and security further described below. Risks related to financial and economic market conditions The Company faces a variety of financial, economic, legal, social and political risks associated with conducting business internationally. The Company s extensive operations and business activity throughout the world are accompanied by certain financial, economic, legal, social and political risks, including those listed below. Foreign currency exchange : In fiscal 2025, approximately 43% of the Company s sales occurred outside of the U.S., with approximately 23% in Europe, 5% in the Western Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., and 15% in the Asia-Pacific and Africa region. Changes in non-U.S. currencies relative to the U.S. dollar impact the Company s revenues and expenses. While the Company uses financial instruments to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on its cash flows, unhedged exposures continue to be subject to currency fluctuations. In addition, the weakening or strengthening of the U.S. dollar may result in significant favorable or unfavorable translation effects when the operating results of the Company s non-U.S. business activity are translated into U.S. dollars. Inflation and currency devaluation risks : The Company faces challenges in maintaining profitability of operations in economies experiencing high inflation rates. Specifically, the Company has accounted for operations in Argentina, Turkey, Venezuela and Egypt as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. While the Company strives to maintain profit margins in these areas through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases, it might experience operating losses as a result of continued inflation. 2025 Annual Report 13 In addition, the impact of currency devaluations in countries experiencing high inflation rates or significant currency exchange fluctuations could negatively impact the Company s operating results. Illegal importation of pharmaceutical products : The illegal importation of pharmaceutical products from countries where government price controls or other market dynamics result in lower prices may adversely affect the Company s sales and profitability in the U.S. and other countries in which the Company operates. With the exception of limited quantities of prescription drugs for personal use, foreign imports of pharmaceutical products are illegal under current U.S. law. However, the volume of illegal imports continues to rise as the ability of patients and other customers to obtain the lower-priced imports has grown significantly. Anti-corruption and other regulations : The Company is subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern its international business practices with respect to payments to government officials. Those laws include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), which prohibits U.S. publicly traded companies from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of helping the Company obtain or retain business or gain any improper advantage. The Company s business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with foreign officials. Also, in many countries outside the U.S., the healthcare providers who prescribe human pharmaceuticals are employed by the government and the purchasers of human pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, the Company s interactions with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA. In addition to the U.S. application and enforcement of the FCPA, various jurisdictions in which the Company operates have laws and regulations, including the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, aimed at preventing and penalizing corrupt and anticompetitive behavior. Enforcement activities under these laws could subject the Company to additional administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could include claims for civil penalties, criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies, including exclusion from healthcare programs. Other financial, economic, legal, social and political risks . Other risks inherent in conducting business globally include: local and regional economic environments and policies in the markets that we serve, including interest rates, monetary policy, inflation, economic growth, recession, commodity prices, and currency controls or other limitations on the ability to expatriate cash; protective economic policies taken by governments, such as trade protection measures, increased antitrust reporting requirements and enforcement activity, and import/export licensing requirements; compliance with local regulations and laws including, in some countries, regulatory requirements restricting the Company s ability to manufacture or sell its products in the relevant market; diminished protection of intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions; potential nationalization or expropriation of the Company s foreign assets; political or social upheavals, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; and geopolitical events, including natural disasters, disruptions to markets due to war, armed conflict, terrorism, epidemics or pandemics. Due to the international nature of the Company's business, geopolitical or economic changes or events, including global tensions and war, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. As described above, the Company has extensive operations and business activity throughout the world. Global tensions, conflict and/or war among any of the countries in which we conduct business or distribute our products may result in foreign currency volatility, decreased demand for our products in affected countries, and challenges to our global supply chain related to increased costs of materials and other inputs for our products and suppliers. Most recently, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, impacts to the Company's business resulting from the Russia-Ukraine war, conflict in the Middle East as well as increasing tensions between the U.S. and China. In response to heightened conflict, such as the Russia- Ukraine war, governments may impose export controls and broad financial and economic sanctions. Our business and operations may be further impacted by the imposition of tariffs, trade protection measures or other policies - including data localization laws and restrictions on data transfers - adopted by any country that favor domestic companies and technologies over foreign competitors. Additional sanctions or other measures may be imposed by the global community, including but not limited to limitations on our ability to file, prosecute and maintain patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Furthermore, in some countries, action may be taken that allows companies and individuals to exploit inventions owned by patent holders from the United States and many other countries without consent or compensation and we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing the Company's inventions or from selling or importing products. In addition, the U.S. government has imposed and/or announced the potential imposition of tariffs on products manufactured in other jurisdictions. 14 While certain of the announced tariffs have been delayed, the U.S. government may in the future pause, reimpose or increase tariffs, and countries subject to such tariffs have and in the future may impose reciprocal tariffs or other restrictive trade measures in response. Any of these actions could increase uncertainties and associated risks relating to the Company s global operations. Weak financial performance, failure to maintain a satisfactory credit rating or disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to capital markets. We currently maintain investment grade credit ratings with Moody s Investors Service and Standard Poor s Ratings Services. Rating agencies routinely evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, whether as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, can increase the cost of borrowing under any indebtedness we may incur, reduce market capacity for our commercial paper or require the posting of additional collateral under our derivative contracts. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings, and any additional actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, may have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position and access to capital markets. Risks related to the planned separation of our Orthopaedics business The planned separation of the Company's Orthopaedics business may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, if at all, and may not achieve the expected results In October 2025, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company's Orthopaedics business. The Company is targeting completion of the planned separation in 18 to 24 months after initial announcement. Completion of the planned separation will be subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including, among others, consultations with works councils and other employee representative bodies, as may be required, final approval of the Company's Board of Directors, and receipt of other regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the planned separation or that such separation will be completed. Unanticipated developments could delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the planned separation, including but not limited to disruptions in general or financial market conditions or potential problems or delays in obtaining various regulatory approvals or clearances. The costs to complete the planned separation will be significant. In addition, the Company may be unable to achieve some of the strategic and financial benefits that it expects to achieve from the planned separation of the Company's Orthopaedics business The Company will incur significant expenses in connection with the planned separation. In addition, the Company may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that are expected to result from the planned separation. The anticipated benefits of the planned separation are based on a number of assumptions, some of which may prove incorrect. Following the planned separation, the price of shares of the Company's common stock may fluctuate significantly The Company cannot predict the effect of the planned separation on the trading price of shares of its common stock, and market value of shares of its common stock may be less than, equal to or greater than the market value of shares of its common stock prior to the planned separation. In addition, the price of the Company's common stock may be more volatile around the time of the planned separation. Other risks Our business depends on our ability to recruit and retain talented and highly skilled employees. Our continued growth requires us to recruit and retain talented employees representing many different backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive and our ability to compete depends on our ability to hire, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel in all areas of our organization. Maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a credo-based work environment enables us to attract top talent. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain highly skilled workers and key leaders, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. In addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success. Any unsuccessful implementation of our succession plans or failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 2025 Annual Report 15 Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect our business and results of operations. Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our operations, including an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as a hurricane, tornado, earthquake, wildfire or flooding, may pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt the operation of our supply chain. The impacts of the changing climate on water resources may result in water scarcity, limiting our ability to access sufficient high-quality water in certain locations, which may increase operational costs. Concern over climate change may also result in new or additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. If such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory obligations, we may experience disruption in, or an increase in the costs associated with sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, the impacts of climate change have an influence on customer preferences, and failure to provide climate-friendly products could potentially result in loss of market share. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact on the Company s business or reputation. To meet business objectives, the Company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data (including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection) to ensure the continuity of the Company s supply chain and operations, and as part of many of the products we deliver to customers. The extensive range of information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a persistent risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, including to customer products that are connected to or rely on such systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Company s sensitive data. The Company assesses these threats, responds to attacks and breaches that it has experienced, and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the Company s third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. Because of the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks and increasing use and reliance on third parties, there is the potential for the Company to be adversely impacted. This impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. The increasing use of AI and other emerging technology could also increase these risks. The Company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident; however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial, legal, business or reputational losses. As a result of increased global tensions, the Company expects there will continue to be, an increased risk of information security or cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks perpetrated by adversaries of countries where the Company maintains operations. Given the potential sophistication of these attacks, the Company may not be able to address the threat of information security or cybersecurity incidents proactively or implement adequate preventative measures and we may not be able to detect and address any such disruption or security breach promptly, or at all, which could adversely affect customers that use our products, our business, results of operations or financial condition. Moreover, these threats could also impact our third-party partners resulting in compromise of the Company's IT systems, networks and data which could negatively affect the Company. A breach of privacy laws or unauthorized access, loss or misuse of personal data could have a negative impact on the Company s business or reputation. The Company is subject to privacy and data protection laws and regulations across the globe that impose broad compliance obligations on the collection, possession, use, storage, access, disclosure, transfer, deletion and protection of personal data. Breach of the requirements of these laws and regulations could result in substantial fines, penalties, governmental actions, private right of actions, including class actions, and damage to our reputation and business. New privacy laws are expected globally, together with greater privacy enforcement by governmental authorities globally, particularly on data localization requirements and data transfers including international data flows. The Company has established privacy compliance programs and controls with which our businesses worldwide are required to comply. However, with many technology and data-driven initiatives evolving across the Company, involving multiple vendors and third parties, there are threats that could impact our business operations and research activities, including potential risks of unauthorized access and loss of personal data as well as legislative actions imposing limitations and controls on the use and sharing of personal data as well as on cross border data flows. 16 