=== MCO_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Please carefully consider the following discussion of significant factors, events and uncertainties that make an investment in the Company’s securities risky and provide important information for the understanding of the “forward-looking” statements discussed in Item 7 of this Form 10-K and elsewhere. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this annual report on Form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances the Company may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on Moody’s business, financial condition, operating results (including components of the Company’s financial results such as sales and profits), cash flows and stock price. These risk factors do not identify all risks that Moody’s faces. The Company could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently does not consider to present significant risks. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. In addition to the effects of general economic conditions, including inflation and related monetary policy actions in response to inflation, changes in international conditions, including the impact of ongoing or new developments in the Russia-Ukraine military conflict and the military conflicts in the Middle East, and resulting global disruptions on our business and operations discussed in Item 7 of this Form 10-K and in the risk factors below, additional or unforeseen effects from the global economic climate may give rise to or amplify many of these risks discussed below. A. Legal and Regulatory Risks Moody’s Faces Risks Related to Laws and Regulations that Affect the Financial Industry, Including the Credit Rating Industry, Moody's Businesses and Moody’s Customers. Moody’s is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local authorities in the U.S. and by foreign jurisdictions. These regulations, the most important of which are discussed in further detail below, are complex, continually evolving and have tended to become more stringent over time. Additionally, in the U.S., changes in the Presidential administration, changes in Congress, and recent judicial actions may increase the uncertainty with regard to potential changes in these laws and regulations and the enforcement of any new or existing legislation or directives by government authorities. See “Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information. Speculation concerning the impact of legislative, regulatory and government initiatives, including initiatives related to the emerging technology of AI systems, operational resilience, data privacy and climate-related risks, among others, that our products and services incorporate, and the increased uncertainty over potential liability and adverse legal or judicial determinations may negatively affect Moody's stock price, affect demand for our products and services, increase our costs of operations and impact our future business plans. Further, the Company's compliance and efforts to reduce the risk of fines, penalties or other sanctions can result in significant expenses. Legal proceedings that are increasingly lengthy can result in uncertainty over and exposure to liability. Moody's Investors Service. MIS operates in a highly regulated industry. The current U.S. laws and regulations relating to MIS, including the Reform Act and the Dodd-Frank Act: – seek to encourage, and may result in, increased competition among CRAs and in the credit rating business; – may result in alternatives to credit ratings, changes in the pricing of credit ratings, and/or diminished intellectual property protection relating to credit ratings and related research produced by MIS; – restrict the use of information in the development or maintenance of credit ratings; – increase regulatory oversight of the credit markets and CRA operations; – provide the SEC with direct jurisdiction over CRAs that seek NRSRO status, and grant authority to the SEC to inspect the operations of CRAs; and – provide for enhanced oversight standards and specialized pleading standards, which may result in increases in the number of legal proceedings claiming liability for losses suffered by investors on rated securities and aggregate legal defense costs. In addition to the extensive and evolving U.S. laws and regulations governing the credit rating industry, foreign jurisdictions have taken measures to regulate CRAs and the markets for credit ratings that significantly impact the operations and the markets for the Company's ratings-related products and services. In particular, the EU has adopted a common regulatory framework for CRAs operating in the EU, continues to monitor the credit rating industry and analyzes approaches that may strengthen existing regulation. The U.K. also has adopted a regulatory framework for CRAs that is based on the EU version. Credit ratings emanating from outside the EU are subject to ESMA's oversight if they are endorsed into the EU, and ratings endorsed into the U.K. are similarly subject to oversight of the FCA. Additionally, other foreign jurisdictions, such as Australia and Hong Kong and China, have taken measures to increase regulation of CRAs and markets for credit ratings. A failure to comply with these procedural and substantive requirements also exposes MIS to the risk of regulatory enforcement action, which could result in financial penalties or, in serious cases, affect its ability to conduct credit rating activities in certain jurisdictions. For example: 20 MOODY'S 2025 10-K Table of Contents – MIS is subject to formal regulation and periodic or other inspections in the EU and other foreign jurisdictions, such as, but not limited to, the U.K., Australia, Singapore, Japan, and Hong Kong, where it operates through registered subsidiaries. – In the EU and the U.K., applicable rules include procedural requirements with respect to credit ratings of sovereign issuers, liability for intentional or grossly negligent failure to abide by applicable regulations, mandatory analyst rotation requirements, and restrictions on CRAs or their shareholders if certain ownership thresholds are crossed. Additional procedural and substantive requirements include conditions for the issuance of credit ratings, rules regarding the organization of CRAs, restrictions on activities deemed to create a conflict of interest, including requirements that fees be based on costs and non-discriminatory, special requirements for credit ratings of structured finance instruments. Certain products currently offered by MIS may fall into scope of the EU Regulation on ESG Rating Activities, which could impose new substantive and procedural requirements on MIS relating to those products similar to those applicable to credit ratings. In addition, EU CRAs are also subject to DORA, which imposes a range of requirements in relation to the management of ICT risk, regulatory reporting, testing and the management of risks related to ICT services provided by third-parties. – In Hong Kong, applicable rules include liability for the intentional or negligent dissemination of false and misleading information and procedural requirements for the notification of certain matters to regulators. In addition, MIS Hong Kong is subject to a code of conduct applicable to CRAs that imposes procedural and substantive requirements on the preparation and issuance of credit ratings, restrictions on activities deemed to create a conflict of interest including the disclosure of its compensation arrangements with rated entities and special requirements for credit ratings of structured finance instruments. – In China, while MIS is not a licensed CRA, it does issue global credit ratings on Chinese issuers from offices outside of China. In addition, the Company holds a 30% investment in CCXI, a domestic CRA licensed in China. China has laws applicable to domestic CRAs as well as foreign investment in such entities and entities in general (including national security review). – In Australia, unless an exemption applies, CRAs are required to hold an Australian financial services license (AFSL) if they carry on a business of providing credit ratings in Australia. MIS Australia holds an AFSL authorizing it to provide general advice to wholesale clients only by issuing a credit rating. It is therefore required to comply with obligations as an AFSL holder including the requirement to provide financial services efficiently, honestly, and fairly, to manage conflicts of interest, and to comply with the conditions of its AFSL (which conditions include specific conditions about credit ratings). Future laws and regulations could extend to products and services not currently regulated. These regulations could: – affect the need for debt securities to be rated; – expand supervisory remits to include credit ratings issued outside the home jurisdiction; – increase the level of competition for credit ratings, including the distribution of credit ratings; – establish criteria for credit ratings or limit the entities authorized to provide credit ratings; – restrict the collection, use, accuracy, correction and sharing of information by CRAs; or – regulate pricing (for example, to require fees that are based on costs and are non-discriminatory) on products and services provided by MA such as those products that incorporate credit ratings and research originated by MIS. In turn, such developments may affect MIS’s communications with issuers as part of the rating assignment process, alter the manner in which MIS’s credit ratings are developed, assigned and communicated, affect the manner in which MIS or its customers or users of credit ratings operate, impact the demand for MIS’s credit ratings or alter the economics of the credit ratings business, including by restricting or mandating business models for CRAs. It is difficult to accurately assess the future impact of legislative and regulatory requirements on MIS’s business and its customers’ businesses. If these laws and regulations, and any future rulemaking or court rulings, reduce demand for credit ratings or increase costs, MIS may be unable to pass such costs through to customers. Additionally, legislative and regulatory initiatives that apply to CRAs and credit markets generally may affect Moody’s in a disproportionate manner. Each of these developments increases the costs and legal risk associated with the issuance of credit ratings and can have a material adverse effect on Moody’s operations, profitability and competitiveness, the demand for credit ratings and the manner in which such ratings are utilized. Moody's Analytics. Certain of MA’s subscription products contain credit ratings data and related research produced by MIS, and often are used by MA customers for regulatory compliance purposes, including determination of capital charges and regulatory reporting. Regulations concerning the issuance of credit ratings and the activities of CRAs, including the dissemination of ratings data, are likely to continue to be considered in the future, including, for example, provisions regarding fair and reasonable availability of ratings data, the terms and conditions associated with such data feeds, remuneration for data and the nature of the information to be included in credit opinions. Other laws, regulations and rules that are being considered or are likely to be considered in the future may impact MA products and services, for example, by requiring certain information to be provided free of charge. MOODY'S 2025 10-K 21 Table of Contents MA’s other products and services, in particular its offering of products and services relating to sanctions, KYC and financial crime, are potentially subject to various laws and regulations affecting the collection, processing and sale of data-driven solutions. These laws and regulations generally are designed to protect information relating to individuals and small businesses, including information used for consumer credit reporting purposes, the data rights of individuals, and to prevent the unauthorized collection, access to and use of personal or confidential information available in the marketplace and prohibit certain deceptive and unfair acts. Additionally, refer to the risk factor entitled “ The Company Is Exposed to Risks Related to Protection of Confidential and Personal Information .” New laws and regulations are likely to be enacted and existing laws and regulations may change or be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible they will be interpreted and applied in ways that will materially and adversely affect our business. As a result of current and future laws and regulations, our customers’ and other third parties’ use of our products and services, as well as our use of information supplied by our suppliers and other third parties, can lead to regulatory inquiries or actions or related private litigation against us. The application of current and future laws relating to data access and portability may also require changes in the way that we contract for certain of our hosted data services and provide our customers of such services with the ability to terminate their relationships with us and port their data to alternative providers, and changes in the applicability of laws and regulations could require MA to modify its data processing practices and policies and restrict or dictate how MA collects, maintains, combines and disseminates information, which could have a material adverse effect on Moody’s business, financial condition or results of operations. In the future, the Company may be subject to significant additional expense to ensure continued compliance with laws and regulations applicable to MA and to investigate, defend or remedy actual or alleged violations. Additionally, refer to the risk factor entitled “ The Company Is Exposed to Risks Related to Protection of Confidential and Personal Information .” Further, MA’s bank and financial services customers are subject to additional regulatory oversight. For example: – U.S. banking regulators, including the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, as well as many state agencies, have issued guidance to insured depository institutions and other providers of financial services on assessing and managing risks associated with third-party relationships, which include all business arrangements between a financial services provider and another entity, by contract or otherwise, and generally requires banks and financial services providers to exercise comprehensive oversight throughout each phase of a bank or financial service provider’s business arrangement with third-party service providers, and instructs banks and financial service providers to adopt risk management processes commensurate with the level of risk and complexity of their third-party relationships. This guidance requires more rigorous oversight of third-party relationships that involve certain "critical activities." – Regulators in Europe and other foreign markets in which MA is active have issued guidance similar to that issued in the U.S. relating to financial institutions' assessment and management of risks associated with third-party relationships. For example, DORA requires EU financial institutions to have a comprehensive governance and control framework of the management of ICT risks, including risks relating to third-party providers of technology and data such as MA. In light of this, MA’s existing or potential bank and financial services customers subject to this guidance have sought to and may further revise their third-party risk management policies and processes and the terms on which they do business with MA. – In China, MA is licensed to provide subscriptions to credit research and ratings data and other information relevant to the financial markets. China has laws applicable to Moody’s that are broadly crafted, and the implementation, interpretation and enforcement of such laws are subject to the broad discretion of Chinese regulators, which could affect the Company’s ability to conduct business in China. The EU AI Act has introduced a risk-based framework for regulating AI systems which applies different obligations to various participants in the AI supply chain. Compliance with the regulation, in its current form, could increase the Company’s costs and expose it to the risk of penalties or fines for noncompliance; however, the ultimate impact of the EU AI Act on the Company remains uncertain, as the European Commission has proposed measures intended to reduce the regulatory burden on businesses. In addition, numerous other foreign jurisdictions and U.S. states have proposed or enacted legislation relating to the development and use of GenAI. Legal and regulatory developments can result in delayed or reduced sales to MA’s customers, adversely affect MA’s relationship with such customers, increase the costs of doing business with such customers and/or result in MA assuming greater financial and legal risk under its agreements with such customers. The Company Faces Exposure to Litigation and Government Regulatory Proceedings, Investigations and Inquiries (Including Competition Market Studies) Related to Rating Opinions, Analytics Services and Other Business Practices. Moody’s faces exposure to litigation and government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries (including market studies) related to MIS’s ratings actions, as well as other business practices and products within both MIS and MA. When the market value of credit-dependent instruments has declined or defaults have occurred, whether as a result of difficult economic times, rapid changes in interest rates, decreased liquidity, turbulent markets or otherwise, the number of investigations and legal proceedings that Moody’s has faced has increased significantly. Parties who invest in securities rated by MIS or issued by MIS-rated entities have pursued claims against MIS or Moody’s for losses they faced in their portfolios. For instance, Moody’s faced numerous class action lawsuits and other litigation, government investigations and inquiries (including market studies) concerning events linked to the U.S. subprime residential mortgage sector and broader deterioration in the credit markets during and after the financial crisis of 2007-2008. Moody's may face additional government investigations and inquiries related to the private credit 22 MOODY'S 2025 10-K Table of Contents market, where there has been increased regulatory attention relating to the rapid growth of private credit, new financing structures, and CRA ratings for private credit-related instruments, issuers, and credit facilities. Evolving and/or inconsistent expectations regarding climate-risk and other sustainability disclosures and reporting could also result in increased regulatory scrutiny and new regulatory actions at a corporate and business unit level. MA’s offering of products and services relating to sanctions, KYC and financial crime, as well as climate, default, and other risks may result in increased regulatory scrutiny and could expose the Company to increased risk of litigation from companies, data subjects, property owners and other third-parties, including due to potential inaccuracies in the products and services we offer, as well as regulatory recordkeeping requirements associated with our services. Additionally Moody’s development of new technologies, including Gen AI and agentic AI product offerings may introduce new risks. Large language models, agentic workflows and related AI-technologies licensed by or developed by the Company, and the data used to train or power them may be incomplete or inadequate, our Gen AI or agentic AI products or platforms may result in adverse impacts to our business operations or reputation and increased regulatory scrutiny and exposure to litigation. Legal proceedings and regulatory inquiries and investigations impose additional expenses on the Company and require the attention of senior management to an extent that may significantly reduce their ability to devote time to addressing other business issues, and any of these proceedings, investigations or inquiries (including market studies) could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties or activity restrictions. Risks relating to legal proceedings are heightened in foreign jurisdictions that lack the legal protections or liability standards comparable to those that exist in the U.S. In addition, new laws and regulations have been and may continue to be enacted that establish lower liability standards, shift the burden of proof or relax pleading requirements, thereby increasing the risk of successful litigations in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions. These litigation risks are often difficult to assess or quantify. Moody’s may not have adequate insurance or reserves to cover these risks, and the existence and magnitude of these risks often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Furthermore, when Moody’s is unable to achieve dismissals at an early stage and litigation matters proceed to trial, the aggregate legal defense costs incurred by Moody’s increase substantially, as does the risk of an adverse outcome. Additionally, as litigation or the process to resolve pending matters progress, Moody’s will continue to review the latest information available and may change its accounting estimates, which could require Moody’s to record or increase liabilities in the consolidated financial statements in future periods. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding ongoing investigations and civil litigation that the Company currently faces. Due to the potential number of these proceedings and the significant amount of damages that could be sought, there is a risk that Moody’s will be subject to judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other adverse results that have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition. The Company Is Exposed to Risks Related to Its Compliance and Risk Management Programs. Moody’s operates in a number of countries, and as a result the Company is required to comply with and quickly adapt to numerous international and U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations. The Company’s ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including anti-corruption, antitrust, economic and trade sanctions, and securities trading laws, the Reform Act, the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations thereunder, is largely dependent on its establishment and maintenance of compliance, review and reporting systems, as well as its ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and risk management personnel. Moody’s policies and procedures to identify, evaluate and manage the Company’s risks, including risks resulting from acquisitions and from Gen AI developments (such as maintaining the quality and integrity of data of Gen AI product offerings), may not be fully effective, and Moody’s employees or agents may engage in misconduct, fraud or other errors. It is not always possible to deter such errors, and the precautions the Company takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. If Moody’s employees violate its policies or if the Company’s risk management methods are not effective, the Company may be subject to criminal and civil liability, the suspension of the Company’s employees, fines, penalties, regulatory sanctions, injunctive relief, exclusion from certain markets or other penalties, and may suffer harm to its reputation, financial condition and operating results. Moody’s Faces Risks Related to Intellectual Property Rights. Moody’s considers many aspects of its products and services to be proprietary. Failure to protect the Company’s intellectual property adequately could harm its reputation and affect the Company’s ability to compete effectively. Businesses the Company acquires also involve intellectual property portfolios, which increase the challenges the Company faces in protecting its strategic advantage. In addition, the Company’s operating results can be adversely affected by inadequate or changing legal and technological protections for intellectual property and proprietary rights in some jurisdictions and markets, including if and how rights in these markets evolve to address unauthorized or unintended use of intellectual property from new technologies like Gen AI. The lack of strong legal and technological intellectual property protections in foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may increase our vulnerability and may pose risks to our business. From time to time, laws are passed that require publication of certain information, in some cases at no cost, that the Company considers to be its intellectual property and that it currently sells or licenses for a fee, which could result in lost revenue. We also incorporate third-party software, including open-source software components, in certain of our products and services. Our reliance on third-party and open-source software exposes us to risks of non-compliance, including potential audits, litigation, injunctions, and the forced disclosure of our proprietary intellectual property, which could materially impact our financial results and operations. Unauthorized third parties may also try to obtain and use technology or other information that the Company regards as proprietary. It is also possible that Moody’s competitors or other entities could obtain patents or other intellectual property rights related to the types of products and services that Moody’s offers, and attempt to require Moody’s to stop developing or marketing the products or services, to modify or redesign the products or services to avoid infringing, or to obtain licenses from the holders of the intellectual property in order to continue developing and marketing the products and services. Even if Moody’s attempts to assert or protect its intellectual property rights through litigation, it may require considerable cost, time and resources to do so, and there is no guarantee that the Company will be successful. The Company’s ability to establish, maintain and protect its intellectual MOODY'S 2025 10-K 23 Table of Contents property and proprietary rights against theft, misappropriation or infringement could be materially and adversely affected by insufficient and/or changing proprietary rights and intellectual property legal protections in some jurisdictions and markets. These risks, and the cost, time and resources needed to address them, may increase as the Company’s business grows and its profile rises in countries with intellectual property regimes that are less protective than the rules and regulations applied in the United States. Moody’s Faces Risks Related to Tax Matters, Including Changes in Tax Rates or Tax Rules. As a global company, Moody’s is subject to taxation in the United States and various other countries and jurisdictions. As a result, our effective tax rate is determined based on the taxable income and applicable tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Moody’s future tax rates could be affected by changes in the composition of earnings in countries or states with differing tax rates or other factors, including by increased earnings in jurisdictions where Moody’s faces higher tax rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which Moody’s is not able to realize the related tax benefit, or changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Changes in the tax, accounting and other laws, treaties, regulations, policies and administrative practices, or changes to their interpretation or enforcement, including changes applicable to multinational corporations such as the Base Erosion Profit Shifting initiative being led by the OECD, which requires companies to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, and the EU’s state aid rulings, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s effective tax rate, results of operations and financial condition and may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in various countries. In addition, Moody’s is subject to regular examination of its income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities around the world. Moody’s regularly assesses the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes, including unrecognized tax benefits; however, developments in an audit or litigation could materially and adversely affect the Company. Although the Company believes its tax estimates and accruals are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final determination will not be materially different than the treatment reflected in its income tax provisions, accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, which could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. During 2023, multiple foreign jurisdictions in which the Company operates have enacted legislation to adopt a minimum tax rate described in the GloBE or Pillar II, tax model rules issued by the OECD. A minimum ETR of 15% would app

=== MCO_2026-04-23.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes from the significant risk factors and uncertainties previously disclosed under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, that if they were to occur, could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, operating results and/or cash flow. For a discussion of the Company’s risk factors, refer to Item 1A. “Risk Factors” contained in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds MOODY'S PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES For the three months ended March 31, 2026 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Program (2) January 1- 31 236,102 $ 526.15 235,831 $ 3,836 million February 1- 28 693,319 $ 450.20 692,653 $ 3,525 million March 1- 31 2,559,104 $ 443.94 2,331,610 $ 2,489 million Total 3,488,525 $ 451.22 3,260,094 (1) Includes surrender to the Company of 271; 666; and 227,494 shares of common stock in January, February, and March, respectively, to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees. (2) As of the last day of each of the months. On October 21, 2025, the Board authorized $4 billion in share repurchase authority. At March 31, 2026 there was approximately $2.5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under this authorization. There is no established expiration date for the remaining authorization. During the first quarter of 2026, Moody’s issued a net 394 thousand shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. Item 5. Other Information Not applicable . 66 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No Description 3 Articles of Incorporation and By-laws .1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, effective April 17, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant, file number 1-14037, filed April 19, 2024) .2 Amended and Restated By-laws of Moody’s Corporation, effective October 14, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 2 to the Report on Form 10 -K of the Registrant, file number 1-14037, filed February 1 8 , 202 6 ) 31 Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .1* Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .2* Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .1* Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company has furnished this certification and does not intend for it to be considered filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or incorporated by reference into future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .2* Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company has furnished this certification and does not intend for it to be considered filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or incorporated by reference into future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 101.INS* Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Definitions Linkbase Document 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) * Filed herewith 67 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. MOODY’S CORPORATION By: / S / NOÉMIE HEULAND Noémie Heuland Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) By: / S / JASON PHILLIPS Jason Phillips Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller (principal accounting officer) Date: April 23, 2026 68 