=== MPWR_2025-04-30.htm.gz ===
mpwr20250418_def14a.htm false 0001280452 DEF 14A 0001280452 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 thunderdome:item 0001280452 5 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 4 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 3 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 2 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 1 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 iso4217:USD 0001280452 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001280452 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 xbrli:pure 0001280452 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001280452 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001280452 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001280452 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 MONOLITHIC POWER SYSTEMS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) n/a (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. 1 Table of Contents April 30, 2025 Dear Stockholders: You are invited to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. to be held on Thursday, June 12, 2025, at 10:00 a.m., Pacific Daylight Time (the Annual Meeting ). The Annual Meeting will be a virtual meeting. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online, vote and submit questions during the meeting by visiting http://meetnow.global/MKQZQ9L. Please follow the instructions carefully on how to access and attend the virtual meeting in the Annual Meeting Attendance section of this Proxy Statement. It is important that your shares be represented and voted whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. We continue using the Securities and Exchange Commission rule that permits companies to furnish proxy materials to stockholders over the Internet. If you are viewing the Proxy Statement on the Internet, you may grant your proxy electronically over the Internet by following the instructions on the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials previously mailed to you and the instructions listed on the Internet site. If you have received a paper copy of the Proxy Statement and proxy card, you may grant a proxy to vote your shares by completing and mailing the proxy card enclosed with the Proxy Statement, or you may grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone by following the instructions on the proxy card. If your shares are held in street name, which means shares held of record by a broker, bank, trust or other nominee, you should review the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials or Proxy Statement and voting instruction form used by that firm to determine whether and how you will be able to submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet. Submitting a proxy over the Internet, by telephone or by mailing a proxy card will ensure your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting. Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I thank you for your participation. We look forward to your attendance on June 12, 2025. Sincerely, Michael Hsing Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 2 Table of Contents MONOLITHIC POWER SYSTEMS, INC. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held on June 12, 2025 To the Stockholders of Monolithic Power Systems, Inc.: NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Monolithic Power Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, will be held on Thursday, June 12, 2025, at 10:00 a.m., Pacific Daylight Time (the Annual Meeting ). The Annual Meeting will be a virtual meeting. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online, vote and submit questions during the meeting by visiting http://meetnow.global/MKQZQ9L. Please follow the instructions carefully on how to access and attend the virtual meeting in the Annual Meeting Attendance section of this Proxy Statement. At the Annual Meeting, we will conduct the following items of business: 1. To elect three Class III directors to serve for three-year terms until our annual meeting of stockholders in 2028, or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. The nominees for election to the Board of Directors as Class III directors are Herbert Chang, Michael Hsing and Carintia Martinez. 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2025. 3. To hold an advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers. 4. To vote on a management proposal to amend and restate our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to declassify the Board of Directors. 5. To vote on a stockholder proposal to give shareholders the ability to call for a special shareholder meeting, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting. 6. To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the Proxy Statement accompanying this Notice of Annual Meeting. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on April 16, 2025 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. Your vote is important . All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting. However, to assure your representation at the meeting, we encourage you to submit your proxy as soon as possible using one of three convenient methods: (i) by accessing the Internet site described in the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ) or in the proxy card provided to you; (ii) by calling the toll-free number described in the Notice or in the proxy card; or (iii) by signing, dating and returning the proxy card. By submitting your proxy promptly, you will save us the expense of further proxy solicitation. Any registered stockholder attending the Annual Meeting may vote at the meeting even if he or she has already returned a proxy. By Order of the Board of Directors, Saria Tseng Executive Vice President, Strategic Corporate Development, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Kirkland, Washington April 30, 2025 Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting: The Proxy Statement and the Annual Report on Form 10-K are available free of charge under the Investor Relations section of our website at http://www.monolithicpower.com. 3 Table of Contents MONOLITHIC POWER SYSTEMS, INC. PROXY STATEMENT FOR 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS INFORMATION CONCERNING SOLICITATION AND VOTING 4 Table of Contents Index Page General 7 Internet Availability of Proxy Materials 7 Record Date and Outstanding Shares 7 Procedure for Submitting Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 7 Annual Meeting Attendance 8 Voting 8 No Right of Appraisal 9 Expenses of Solicitation 9 Quorum, Required Votes, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 10 Stockholder List 10 Householding of Proxy Materials 10 PROPOSAL ONE - ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 11 Board Structure and Nominees 11 Information Regarding Nominees and Other Directors 11 Director Independence 13 Director Skills and Qualifications 13 Board Leadership Structure 15 Annual Board and Committee Evaluations 16 Board Tenure 17 Board Meetings and Committees 18 Board Oversight of Risks 19 Nomination Process 20 Stockholder Communications 20 Attendance at Annual Meetings of Stockholders by the Board of Directors 20 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 20 Policy on Hedging and Other Transactions 21 Director Voting Policy 21 Director Time Commitment Policy 21 2024 Director Compensation 22 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 24 ESG Oversight 24 ESG Initiative Highlights 24 Stockholder Engagement 26 PROPOSAL TWO - RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 28 Audit and Other Fees 28 Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 28 PROPOSAL THREE - ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 29 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 30 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 31 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 32 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 32 Compensation Committee Report 43 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 43 Compensation Risk Management 43 2024 Summary Compensation Table 44 Grants of Plan-Based Awards for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 44 Narrative Disclosure to 2024 Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 45 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2024 Year-End 46 2024 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 47 2024 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan 48 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Termination Upon Change in Control 48 CEO Pay Ratio 50 5 Table of Contents Pay Versus Performance 51 Equity Compensation Plan Information 55 Audit Committee Report 55 PROPOSAL FOUR MANAGEMENT PROPOSAL TO AMEND AND RESTATE THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO DECLASSIFY THE BOARD 57 Introduction 57 Reasons for Declassifying the Board 57 Timing of Declassification 57 PROPOSAL FIVE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL TO GIVE SHAREHOLDERS THE ABILITY TO CALL FOR A SPECIAL SHAREHOLDER MEETING 59 Proponent s Proposal 59 Board s Opposing Statement 59 Other Matters 62 Forward-Looking Statements 62 Annexure A Reconciliation of GAAP Measures to Non-GAAP Measures 63 Annexure B Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10 6 Table of Contents General This Proxy Statement is being furnished to holders of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), of Monolithic Power Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company, MPS, we, us, or our ), in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors (the Board ) for use at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) to be held on Thursday, June 12, 2025 at 10:00 a.m., Pacific Daylight Time, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof for the purpose of considering and acting upon the matters set forth herein. The Annual Meeting will be a virtual meeting. You will not be able to attend the meeting in person. Please follow the instructions carefully on how to access and attend the virtual meeting in Annual Meeting Attendance. Internet Availability of Proxy Materials Pursuant to the rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), we have elected to provide access to our proxy materials over the Internet. Accordingly, we are sending a Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ) to our stockholders of record, and upon request, we will send a printed copy of the proxy materials and proxy card. Brokers and other nominees who hold shares on behalf of beneficial owners will be sending their own similar notice. Stockholders will have the ability to access the proxy materials on the website referred to in the Notice or request to receive a printed set of the proxy materials. Instructions on how to request a printed copy by mail or electronically may be found on the Notice and on the website referred to in the Notice, including an option to request paper copies on an ongoing basis. We intend to make this Proxy Statement available on the Internet at http://www.monolithicpower.com, and to mail the Notice or other proxy materials, as applicable, on or about April 30, 2025 to stockholders of record at the close of business on April 16, 2025 (the Record Date ). Record Date and Outstanding Shares Only stockholders of record at the close of business on the Record Date are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting and any adjournment thereof. These stockholders are entitled to cast one vote for each share of Common Stock held as of the Record Date on all matters properly submitted for the vote of stockholders at the Annual Meeting. On the Record Date, 47,877,352 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding. No shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. For information regarding security ownership by management, directors, and beneficial owners of more than 5% of the Common Stock, see Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. Procedure for Submitting Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations Requirements for stockholder proposals to be considered for inclusion in our proxy materials. Proposals of stockholders which are to be presented by such stockholders at our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders must meet the stockholder proposal requirements contained in Rule 14a-8 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such proposals must be received by us no later than December 31, 2025 in order to be included in the proxy statement relating to that meeting. We received one stockholder proposal prior to the deadline for the Annual Meeting. Requirements for director nominations to be considered for inclusion in our proxy materials. Pursuant to the proxy access provisions of our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), an eligible stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, who has held at least 3% of our Common Stock continuously for at least three years may nominate one director and have that nominee included in our proxy materials. To be timely for the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, notice of proxy access director nominations must be received by us between December 31, 2025 and January 30, 2026. In addition, the notice must set forth the information required by our Bylaws with respect to each director nomination that a stockholder intends to present at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. In addition to satisfying the requirements under our Bylaws, stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees, other than our nominees, must provide notice that sets forth the information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act to comply with the universal proxy rules, which notice must be postmarked or transmitted electronically to us at our principal executive offices no later than April 13, 2026. However, if the date of the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders is changed by more than 30 calendar days from the anniversary date of the Annual Meeting, then notice must be provided by the later of 60 calendar days prior to the date of the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders or the 10th calendar day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders is first made by us. 7 Table of Contents Requirements for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting but not included in our proxy materials . If a stockholder wishes to present a proposal at our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, and the proposal is not intended to be included in our proxy statement relating to that meeting, the stockholder must give advance notice to us prior to the deadline for such meeting. To be timely for the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, notice of proposed business must be received by us between December 31, 2025 and January 30, 2026. However, in the event the date of the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders is changed by more than 30 days from the anniversary date of the Annual Meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the later of 90 calendar days in advance of the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders and 10 calendar days following the date on which public announcement of the date of the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders is first made. In addition, the notice must set forth the information required by our Bylaws with respect to each proposal that a stockholder intends to present at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. All proposals described above must be submitted to our Corporate Secretary using the methods outlined in Stockholder Communications. Annual Meeting Attendance Attendance: The Annual Meeting will be held solely by remote communication. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. The Annual Meeting can be accessed at http://meetnow.global/MKQZQ9L. We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting ten minutes prior to the start time. Stockholders as of the close of business on the Record Date who duly registered to attend the Annual Meeting will be able to listen to the webcast, vote their shares and submit questions during the virtual meeting. You must have your 15-digit control number to join the event. Questions pertinent to meeting matters and that are submitted in accordance with our rules of conduct for the Annual Meeting will be answered during the meeting, subject to applicable time constraints. Alternatively, you may join the meeting as a guest and listen to the webcast without advance registration. As a guest, you will not be able to vote or submit questions during the meeting. Registration Process: Stockholders of record. If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. ( Computershare ), you are considered, with respect to those shares, the stockholder of record. As a stockholder of record, you are already registered for the virtual meeting and will be able to listen to the webcast, vote and submit questions during the meeting. Beneficial owners. If you hold your shares through a broker, bank, trust or other nominee, you must register in advance in order to vote and submit questions during the virtual meeting. To register in advance, you must obtain a legal proxy from the broker, bank, trust or other nominee that holds your shares giving you the right to vote the shares. You must submit proof of the legal proxy reflecting our holdings, along with your name and email address to Computershare. Requests for registration must be labeled as Monolithic Power Systems Legal Proxy and be received no later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on June 6, 2025. You will receive a confirmation of your registration by email after we receive your registration materials. Requests for registration can be made in the following methods: By e-mail: legalproxy@computershare.com By mail: Computershare Monolithic Power Systems Legal Proxy P.O. Box 43001 Providence, RI 02940-3001 Voting Voting prior to the Annual Meeting . If you are the record holder of your stock, you have three options for submitting your votes prior to the Annual Meeting: by following the instructions for Internet voting printed on the Notice or your proxy card; by using the telephone number printed on your proxy card; or by completing the enclosed proxy card, signing and dating it and mailing it in the enclosed postage-prepaid envelope. 8 Table of Contents If you have Internet access, we encourage you to record your vote on the Internet. It is convenient, and it saves us significant postage and processing costs. In addition, when voting over the Internet or by telephone prior to the meeting date, your vote is recorded immediately, and there is no risk that postal delays will cause your vote to arrive late, and therefore not be counted. All shares entitled to vote and represented by properly executed proxy cards or properly granted proxies submitted electronically over the Internet or telephone received prior to the Annual Meeting, and not revoked, will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions provided. If no instructions are indicated, the shares represented by that proxy will be voted as recommended by the Board. If any other matters are properly presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting, including, among other things, consideration of a motion to adjourn the Annual Meeting to another time or place (including, without limitation, for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies), the persons named as proxies and acting thereunder will have discretion to vote on those matters in accordance with their best judgment. We do not currently anticipate that any matters other than the proposals described herein will be raised at the Annual Meeting. If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank, trust or other nominee, you will receive a notice from your broker, bank, trust or other nominee that includes instructions on how to vote your shares. Your broker, bank, trust or other nominee will allow you to deliver your voting instructions over the Internet and may also permit you to submit your voting instructions by telephone. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT . You should submit your proxy even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. Voting by attending the Annual Meeting . The Annual Meeting will be a virtual meeting. Stockholders of record and beneficial owners as of the close of business on the Record Date who duly registered to attend the Annual Meeting will be able to listen to the webcast and vote their shares during the virtual meeting. Please follow the instructions carefully on how to access and attend the virtual meeting, and vote in Annual Meeting Attendance. Any previous votes that were submitted by the stockholder, whether by Internet, telephone or mail, will be superseded by the vote such stockholder casts at the Annual Meeting. Changing vote; Revocability of proxy . Any proxy given by a stockholder of record pursuant to this solicitation may be revoked by the person giving it at any time before it is voted at the Annual Meeting. Proxies submitted by stockholders of record may be revoked by: filing a written notice of revocation bearing a later date than the previously submitted proxy which is received by our Corporate Secretary at or before the taking of the vote at the Annual Meeting; duly executing a later dated proxy relating to the same shares and delivering it to our Corporate Secretary at or before the taking of the vote at the Annual Meeting; submitting another proxy by telephone or via the Internet (your latest telephone or Internet voting instructions are followed); or virtually attending and voting at the Annual Meeting (although attendance at the Annual Meeting will not in and of itself constitute a revocation of a previously submitted proxy). Any written notice of revocation or subsequent proxy card must be received by our Corporate Secretary prior to the taking of the vote at the Annual Meeting. Such written notice of revocation or subsequent proxy card must be submitted using the methods outlined in Stockholder Communications. If you hold your shares through a broker, bank, trust or other nominee, you may change your vote by submitting new voting instructions to your broker, bank, trust or other nominee. No Right of Appraisal Neither Delaware law nor our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ) provide for appraisal or other similar rights for dissenting stockholders in connection with any of the proposals to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, our stockholders will have no right to dissent and obtain payment for their shares. Expenses of Solicitation We will bear all expenses of this solicitation, including the cost of preparing and mailing this solicitation material. We may reimburse brokerage firms, custodians, nominees, fiduciaries and other persons representing beneficial owners of Common Stock for their reasonable expenses in forwarding solicitation material to such beneficial owners. Our directors, officers and employees may also solicit proxies in person or by telephone, letter, e-mail or other means of communication. Such directors, officers and employees will not be additionally compensated, but they may be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with such solicitation. We have engaged the services of a professional proxy solicitation firm to aid in the solicitation of proxies from certain brokers, bank nominees and other institutional owners. We expect our costs for such services would be approximately $25,000. 9 Table of Contents Quorum, Required Votes, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes Holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote must be present at the Annual Meeting in order to have the required quorum for the transaction of business. Stockholders are counted as present at the Annual Meeting if they: (1) are duly registered to attend and vote their shares at the Annual Meeting, or (2) have properly submitted a proxy card by mail or voted by telephone or by using the Internet. If the shares present at the Annual Meeting do not constitute the required quorum, the Annual Meeting may be adjourned to a subsequent date for the purpose of obtaining a quorum. The required votes to approve the proposals to be considered at this Annual Meeting are as follows: The affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes duly cast is required for the election of directors. As further described in Proposal One below, any nominee for director who receives a greater number of votes Withheld from his or her election than votes For his or her election will promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board following certification of the election results for the Board s consideration. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon which are present in person by virtual attendance at the Annual Meeting or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting is required to ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP ( EY ) as our independent registered public accounting firm. While this vote is advisory and not binding on us or our Audit Committee, the Audit Committee intends to take into account the outcome of the vote when considering the appointment of EY. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon which are present in person by virtual attendance at the Annual Meeting or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting is required to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers. While this vote is advisory and not binding on us or our Board, the Board and the Compensation Committee intend to take into account the outcome of the vote when considering future executive compensation arrangements. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon is required to approve the management proposal to amend and restate our Certificate of Incorporation to declassify our Board. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon which are present in person by virtual attendance at the Annual Meeting or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting is required to approve, on an advisory basis, the stockholder proposal to give shareholders the ability to call for a special shareholder meeting. While this vote is advisory and not binding on us or our Board, the Board intends to take into account the outcome of the vote when considering the requirements to call a special meeting. Under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, both abstaining votes and broker non-votes are counted as present and entitled to vote and are, therefore, included for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting. An abstaining vote is not counted as a vote cast for the election of directors, but has the same effect as a vote cast against each of the other proposals requiring approval by a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote thereon which are present in person by virtual attendance at the Annual Meeting or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting. A broker non-vote occurs when a nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner does not vote on a particular proposal because the nominee does not have discretionary voting power with respect to that item and has not received instructions from the beneficial owner. A broker non-vote will have no effect on the outcome of the proposals, except for the proposal to amend and restate our Certificate of Incorporation to declassify our Board, where broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal. For purposes of ratifying our independent registered public accounting firm, brokers have discretionary authority to vote. Stockholder List A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for examination by any stockholder for any purpose germane to the Annual Meeting during ordinary business hours at: 5808 Lake Washington Blvd. NE, Kirkland, Washington 98033 for the ten days prior to the Annual Meeting, and will be open to the examination of any stockholder of the Company during the whole time of the Annual Meeting at http://meetnow.global/MKQZQ9L. Householding of Proxy Materials Under the "householding" procedure approved by the SEC, we will deliver a single copy of the Notice and, if applicable, our printed proxy materials to multiple stockholders sharing an address unless contrary instructions have been received from the affected stockholders. This process reduces our printing costs, mailing costs and fees. Once you have received notice from your broker that they will be householding communications to your address, this process will continue until you are notified otherwise or until you revoke your consent. If, at any time, you no longer wish to participate in householding, please notify your broker or direct your written request to: 5808 Lake Washington Blvd. NE, Kirkland, WA 98033, Attention: Corporate Secretary. A separate copy of the Notice and, if applicable, our proxy materials will be delivered promptly in response to any such request. Stockholders who currently receive multiple copies of the Notice and, if applicable, our proxy materials at their address and would like to request householding should contact their brokers. 10 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board Structure and Nominees The Board currently consists of seven members. Under our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the Board has the authority to set the number of directors from time to time by resolution. In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation provides for a classified Board consisting of three classes of directors, each serving staggered three-year terms. As a result, a portion of the Board will be elected each year for three-year terms. In response to feedback from our stockholders, on March 26, 2025, the Board unanimously approved, and recommended that our stockholders approve at the Annual Meeting, an amendment and restatement of our Certificate of Incorporation to declassify the Board such that: (1) each class of directors will have one more election in which it is elected for a three-year term at our 2025, 2026 and 2027 annual meetings of stockholders; (2) at the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders, the Class III directors will be elected to a two-year term; (3) at the 2029 annual meeting of stockholders, the Class I directors will be elected to a one-year term; and (4) commencing with the 2030 annual meeting of stockholders, the classified Board will fully terminate and all directors will be elected to one-year terms at each annual meeting of stockholders. See Proposal Four for further discussion. Three Class III directors are to be elected to the Board at the Annual Meeting. Unless otherwise instructed, the proxy holders will vote the proxies received by them for the Board s nominees, Herbert Chang, Michael Hsing and Carintia Martinez. Mr. Chang, Mr. Hsing and Ms. Martinez are standing for re-election to the Board. Each person nominated for election has agreed to serve if elected, and the Board has no reason to believe that any nominee will be unavailable or will decline to serve. In the event, however, that any nominee is unable or declines to serve as a director at the time of the Annual Meeting, the proxies will be voted for any nominee who is designated by the current Board to fill the vacancy. The term of office of each person elected as a Class III director will continue for three years or until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified. If elected, the term for Mr. Chang, Mr. Hsing and Ms. Martinez will expire at the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders. Our directors are elected by a plurality vote. The nominees for each of the three Board seats to be voted on at the Annual Meeting receiving the greatest number of votes cast will be elected. Abstentions and shares held by brokers that are not voted in the election of directors will have no effect. In addition, we have adopted a corporate governance policy requiring each director nominee to submit a resignation letter if more Withheld than For votes are received. See Director Voting Policy for more details on this policy. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ELECTION TO THE BOARD OF EACH OF THE PROPOSED NOMINEES. Information Regarding Nominees and Other Directors The following table summarizes certain information regarding the nominees and other directors: Name Age Director Since Principal Role Michael Hsing 65 1997 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer / Nominee Herbert Chang (1)(2) 63 1999 Lead Independent Director / Nominee Eugen Elmiger (1)(3) 61 2012 Director Victor K. Lee (2) 68 2006 Director Carintia Martinez (3) 59 2021 Director / Nominee Eileen Wynne (2) 59 2023 Director Jeff Zhou (1)(2) 70 2010 Director (1) Member of the Compensation Committee. (2) Member of the Audit Committee. (3) Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance ( NCG ) Committee. In October 2024, Mr. James C. Moyer, a Class I director, retired and resigned from the Board. To achieve a more equal balance of membership among the classes of directors as a result of Mr. Moyer s resignation, the Board reduced the total number of authorized Class II directors to two and increased the total number of authorized Class I directors to two. Concurrent therewith, the Board accepted Mr. Jeff Zhou s resignation as a Class II director and immediately appointed Mr. Zhou as a Class I director. 11 Table of Contents Nominees for Class III Directors Whose Term Will Expire in 2025 Michael Hsing has served on our Board and as our President and Chief Executive Officer since founding MPS in August 1997. Prior to founding MPS, Mr. Hsing was a Senior Silicon Technology Developer at several analog integrated circuits ( IC ) companies, where he developed and patented key technologies, which set new standards in the power electronics industry. Mr. Hsing is an inventor on numerous patents related to the process development of bipolar mixed-signal semiconductor manufacturing. Mr. Hsing holds a B.S.E.E. from the University of Florida. Herbert Chang has served on our Board since September 1999. Mr. Chang is currently the general partner of GrowStar Partners Group Limited, which position he has held since July 2007. Mr. Chang is a venture capitalist and focuses on investing in companies in the semiconductor, telecommunications, networking, software and Internet industries. Mr. Chang serves on the board of directors of a number of private companies and a TWSE-listed company. Mr. Chang received a B.S. in geology from National Taiwan University and an M.B.A. from National Chiao Tung University in Taiwan. Carintia Martinez has served on our Board since May 2021. Ms. Martinez currently serves as Chief Digital Information Officer of Automotive Cells Company, a developer of battery technology for electric vehicles, which position she has held since February 2025. From January 2024 to January 2025, Ms. Martinez served as Chief Information Officer of IHS Towers, a provider of shared communications infrastructure. From January 2018 to May 2023, Ms. Martinez served as Vice President, Chief Information Officer of Thales Alenia Space, a European aerospace manufacturer specializing in satellite systems. From February 2008 to December 2017, Ms. Martinez held various senior positions, including Vice President of Renault-Nissan Alliance Quality and Vice President of Information Systems for Marketing and Sales, at Renault Group, a French automobile manufacturer. Ms. Martinez holds a master s degree in Architecture and City Planning from Pontificia Universidade Catolica do Parana in Brazil, a master s degree in Project Management from Universit de Technologie de Compi gne in France, and a master s degree in Urban Planning from Universit Paris XII - Val de Marne and Ecole Nationale des Ponts et Chauss es in France. Incumbent Class I Directors Whose Terms Will Expire in 2026 Victor K. Lee has served on our Board since September 2006. Mr. Lee was a member of the board of directors at MoSys, Inc., a fabless semiconductor company, from June 2012 to June 2016. Mr. Lee served as Chief Financial Officer of Ambarella, Inc., a fabless semiconductor company, from August 2007 to March 2011. Mr. Lee holds a B.S. in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research and an M.B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley. Jeff Zhou has served on our Board since February 2010. Dr. Zhou is a retired business executive. Before his retirement, Dr. Zhou served as Executive Vice Chairman of MiaSol , a developer of thin film solar technology, which position he held from 2018 to 2019. Dr. Zhou served as Chief Executive Officer of MiaSol from 2013 to 2018. Dr. Zhou holds a Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Florida. Incumbent Class II Directors Whose Term Will Expire in 2027 Eugen Elmiger has served on our Board since October 2012. Mr. Elmiger currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of maxon Group, a leading advanced motion company, which position he has held since January 2011. Mr. Elmiger currently serves on the board of directors of Kardex, a global leader in automated storage solutions and material handling systems. Mr. Elmiger holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the Lucerne (Horw) University of Applied Science and Art. Eileen Wynne has served on our Board since February 2023. Ms. Wynne served as interim Chief Financial Officer of IDEX Biometrics ASA ( IDEX ), a provider of fingerprint identification technologies, from August 2022 to September 2023, and supported IDEX on a consulting basis from December 2020 to June 2024. From November 1999 to June 2019, Ms. Wynne held various managerial and senior roles at Analog Devices, Inc., a global semiconductor company, including Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from May 2013 to June 2019, and interim Chief Financial Officer from March 2017 to September 2017. Ms. Wynne holds a B.A. in Financial Economics from St. Anselm College and an M.S. in Accounting from Bentley University. Ms. Wynne is an active Certified Public Accountant. There is no family relationship among any of our executive officers, directors and nominees. 12 Table of Contents Director Independence At least annually, the NCG Committee reviews the independence of each non-employee director and makes recommendations to the Board, and the Board affirmatively determines whether each director qualifies as independent. Each director must keep the NCG Committee fully and promptly informed as to any development that may affect the director s independence. The Board has determined that Herbert Chang, Eugen Elmiger, Victor K. Lee, Carintia Martinez, Eileen Wynne and Jeff Zhou are independent under the applicable listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market. Director Skills and Qualifications Our Board includes seven members who are well-qualified to serve on the Board and represent our stockholders best interests. Our Board consists of directors who have the following characteristics: Are seasoned executive leaders with strong corporate governance experience; Possess a professional background that would enable the development of a deep understanding of our global business and operations; Have strong interests in innovation and emerging technologies; Have skills or experience in risk management and cybersecurity; Have the ability to embrace our values and culture; Are independent thinkers and work well together; Have high ethical standards; Possess sound business judgment and acumen; and Are willing to commit their time and resources necessary for the Board to effectively fulfill its responsibilities. We believe that each of the directors possesses these attributes. In addition, the directors bring to the Board a breadth of experience, including extensive financial and accounting expertise, public company board experience, knowledge of the semiconductor business and related technologies, broad global business experience, extensive operational and strategic planning experience, and the ability to assess and manage business risks, including risks related to cybersecurity, information security and artificial intelligence ( AI ), in complex, high-growth global companies. The Board and the NCG Committee believe the skills, qualities, attributes, experience and a mix of backgrounds of our directors provide us with a broad range of perspectives to effectively address our evolving needs and represent the best interests of our stockholders. 13 Table of Contents The following table highlights the specific key qualifications, business skills, experience and attributes that each of the directors brings to the Board: Michael Hsing Herbert Chang Eugen Elmiger Victor K. Lee Carintia Martinez Eileen Wynne Jeff Zhou Executive leadership Corporate governance Global business and operations Innovation and technologies Risk management Cybersecurity Finance and accounting expertise Human capital management Michael Hsing Mr. Hsing, founder of MPS, is a visionary in power management technology as well as a strong leader, motivator and successful entrepreneur. Mr. Hsing provides the Board with valuable insight into management s perspective with respect to our operations, and provides the Board with the most comprehensive view of our operational history. Under his leadership, we have experienced significant revenue growth and profitability. Since our initial public offering in 2004, stockholder value measured by market capitalization has increased significantly. Having worked in the semiconductor industry for over 40 years, Mr. Hsing s vision, insight and experience enable him to understand and expand the markets we serve, control costs effectively, assess and manage business risks, including risks related to information technology, AI, cybersecurity and supply chain, and enhance our technology advantages for our products, which have helped fuel our growth and created value for our stockholders. Based on the Board s identification of these qualifications, skills and experiences, the Board has concluded that Mr. Hsing should serve as a director of MPS. Herbert Chang Mr. Chang has been a member of the Board since 1999, which gives him significant knowledge of our business and history. We also continue to benefit from the broad experience gained by Mr. Chang through his numerous successful investments in both public and private high-technology companies. Mr. Chang has served on several boards of the companies in which he has invested, which has given him significant leadership skills, risk management, corporate governance and oversight experience. In addition, through these board and investor responsibilities, as well as his tenure on the Board, Mr. Chang has developed a deep knowledge of our industry, our operations, and the accompanying complex financial transactions and controls necessary for us to succeed. Mr. Chang s financial expertise has also helped the Board analyze significant complex financial transactions that we have considered from time to time. Mr. Chang also has important international experience based on his educational background and work experience in the countries where we do business. Based on the Board s identification of these qualifications, skills and experiences, the Board has concluded that Mr. Chang should serve as a director of MPS. Eugen Elmiger Mr. Elmiger is a seasoned business executive with over 30 years of experience, including extensive international marketing, sales and product management expertise, executive board experience, knowledge of high-tech component business and technology, and operational and strategic planning experience, including the oversight of information technology, AI and cybersecurity, in complex, high-growth global companies. This experience allows him to contribute his valuable executive leadership talent, risk management and understanding of international business to Board deliberations and oversight duties. His industrial, medical and automotive background is a valuable asset to the Board as we expand our business in these markets. Based on the Board s identification of these qualifications, skills and experiences, the Board has concluded that Mr. Elmiger should serve as a director of MPS. Victor K. Lee Mr. Lee is an audit committee financial expert on the Audit Committee of the Board. He has been the Chief Financial Officer at several public and private companies, and has worked in the semiconductor industry for over 40 years. Mr. Lee is familiar with not only the inner workings of the semiconductor industry, but also has intimate knowledge of the financial issues and business risks that semiconductor companies often face. His experience has allowed him to understand the broad issues, in particular those affecting the financial and accounting aspects of our business, that the Board must consider and to make sound recommendations to management and decisions by the Board. Mr. Lee also provides the Board with valuable insight into financial management, risk management, internal controls, disclosure issues and tax matters relevant to our business. Based on the Board s identification of these qualifications, skills and experiences, the Board has concluded that Mr. Lee should serve as a director of MPS. Carintia Martinez Ms. Martinez brings to the Board a diverse background with more than 30 years of information systems and technology experience, including serving as Chief Information Officer in high-growth, multinational companies in the telecommunications, aerospace and automotive industries. The Board believes that Ms. Martinez s valuable executive leadership talent, risk management experience, including the oversight of information technology, AI and cybersecurity, diverse background, and understanding of complex international business issues allow her to bring new perspectives, ideas and outlooks to the Board. Based on the Board s identification of these qualifications, skills and experiences, the Board has concluded that Ms. Martinez should serve as a director of MPS. 14 Table of Contents Eileen Wynne Ms. Wynne is an audit committee financial expert on the Audit Committee of the Board. Ms. Wynne brings to the Board a diverse background with finance, operational and risk management experience in high-growth, multinational companies. Ms. Wynne has been the Chief Accounting Officer at a global semiconductor company and has worked in the semiconductor industry for 20 years. Ms. Wynne is familiar with not only the inner workings of the semiconductor industry, but also has intimate knowledge of the financial and accounting issues and business risks that semiconductor companies often face. The Board believes that Ms. Wynne s valuable executive leadership talent, financial oversight expertise, and understanding of complex international business and manufacturing issues in the semiconductor sector allow her to bring new perspectives, ideas and outlooks to the Board. Based on the Board s identification of these qualifications, skills and experiences, the Board has concluded that Ms. Wynne should serve as a director of MPS. Jeff Zhou Dr. Zhou is a senior business executive with over 40 years of industry experience at large, multinational corporations with global footprints. Dr. Zhou has an extensive background in the global manufacturing, electronics and renewable energy industry. This experience allows him to contribute his valuable executive leadership talent, risk management skills, including the oversight of information technology, AI and cybersecurity, and understanding of international business to Board deliberations and oversight duties. Based on the Board s identification of these qualifications, skills and experiences, the Board has concluded that Dr. Zhou should serve as a director of MPS. Board Leadership Structure The Board currently consists of seven members, six of which the Board has determined are independent. Leadership Structure. Our current leadership structure and governing documents permit the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer to be filled by the same or different individuals. Should the Board determine that it remains in the best interests of MPS and its stockholders that the Chief Executive Officer serve as Chairman, the independent members of the Board then elect a Lead Independent Director. The Board has currently determined that it is in the best interests of MPS and its stockholders to have Michael Hsing, our President and Chief Executive Officer, serve as Chairman, coupled with an active Lead Independent Director. As such, Mr. Hsing holds the position of Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and the Board has designated one of the independent directors, Mr. Chang, as the Lead Independent Director. Our Lead Independent Director is appointed by the Board on an annual basis. The Board believes our leadership structure, with its strong emphasis on Board independence, an active Lead Independent Director, and strong Board and committee involvement, provides sound and robust oversight of management, and provides a counterbalance to the management perspective provided by Mr. Hsing during Board deliberations. The Board considers and discusses the Board leadership structure every year. As part of this evaluation process, the Board reviews its leadership structure and whether combining or separating the roles of Chairman and CEO is in the best interests of MPS and our stockholders. The Board also considers: The effectiveness of the policies, practices and people in place at MPS to help ensure strong, independent Board oversight; MPS s performance and the effect the leadership structure could have on its performance; The Board s performance and the effect the leadership structure could have on the Board s performance; The Chairman s performance in the role; The views of MPS s stockholders; and The practices at other companies and trends in governance. While we recognize that different board leadership structures may be appropriate for different companies, we believe that our current Board leadership structure is optimal for us. Our leadership structure demonstrates to our employees, suppliers, customers, stockholders and other stakeholders that we are governed by strong, balanced leadership, with a single person setting the tone and consistent message for the Board and management and having primary responsibility for managing our day-to-day operations, with appropriate oversight and direction from our Lead Independent Director and other independent directors. This message is increasingly important as we continue to seek to achieve success through new product releases and business growth. We also believe that our leadership structure sends the message that we value strong, independent oversight of our management operations and decisions in the form of our Lead Independent Director and other independent directors. Further, having a single leader for both MPS and the Board eliminates the potential for strategic misalignment or duplication of efforts, and provides clear leadership for us. 15 Table of Contents Benefits of Combined Leadership Structure. The Board believes that MPS and our stockholders have been best served by having Mr. Hsing in the role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for the following reasons: Mr. Hsing is most familiar with our business and the unique challenges we face. Mr. Hsing s day-to-day insight into our challenges facilitates timely deliberation by the Board of important matters; Mr. Hsing has and will continue to identify agenda items and lead effective discussions on the important matters affecting us. Mr. Hsing s knowledge and extensive experience regarding our operations and the highly competitive semiconductor industry in which we compete position him to identify and prioritize matters for Board review and deliberation; As Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Hsing serves as an important bridge between the Board and management and provides critical leadership for carrying out our strategic initiatives and confronting our challenges. The Board believes that Mr. Hsing brings a unique, stockholder-focused insight to assist MPS to most effectively execute its strategy and business plans in the best interests of our stockholders; The strength and effectiveness of the communications between Mr. Hsing, as our Chairman, and Mr. Chang, as our Lead Independent Director, as well as our other independent directors, result in comprehensive Board oversight of the issues, plans and prospects of MPS; and This leadership structure provides the Board with more complete and timely information about MPS, a unified structure and consistent leadership direction internally and externally and provides a collaborative and collegial environment for Board decision making. Lead Independent Director Responsibilities. As the Lead Independent Director, Mr. Chang s primary roles and responsibilities include: Reviewing meeting agendas; Reviewing schedules and information sent to the Board; Retaining independent advisors on behalf of the Board, or committees, as the Board may determine is necessary or appropriate; Assuring that there is sufficient time for discussion of all meeting agenda items; Consulting and communicating with independent directors and with the Chief Executive Officer/Chairman of the Board, as appropriate; Performing such other functions as the independent directors may designate from time to time; Presiding at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors; and Calling and leading meetings of independent directors. Our independent directors meet in executive session during a portion of regularly scheduled Board or committee meetings, and otherwise as needed. Our Lead Independent Director presides over meetings of our independent directors and we believe that these meetings help to ensure an appropriate level of independent scrutiny of the functioning of MPS and the Board. Annual Board and Committee Evaluations Our Board recognizes that conducting constructive annual performance evaluations of the Board, the Board committees and our directors is an essential part of sound corporate governance practices and board effectiveness. Prior to 2024, the Board had an informal annual Board evaluation process. Based on feedback received from our stockholders, the Board adopted a formal annual evaluation process in 2024 that is intended to: (i) determine whether the Board, its committees, and the directors are working cohesively and effectively, (ii) measure individual director performance, and (iii) provide an opportunity to identify, and act on, areas for improvement. Apart from the annual formal evaluation, directors are also encouraged to provide ongoing feedback to our Lead Independent Director and/or the Chairperson of the NCG Committee. 16 Table of Contents The annual Board evaluation process generally involves the following steps: Planning and Oversight The NCG Committee is responsible for overseeing the annual Board, committee and director evaluation process and determining the scope of, and best approach to, the evaluation. Incorporating input from our stockholders throughout the year, the NCG Committee develops questions and a list of concepts designed to cover a wide range of Board, committee, governance and individual director performance topics. Interviews and Evaluations To maintain objective perspectives and allow for more candid discussions, the NCG Committee appoints an outside law firm to conduct detailed one-on-one interviews with individual directors, which incorporate, but are not limited to, the questions and concepts developed by the NCG Committee. These discussions and the results of the evaluation are anonymous to promote candor and openness throughout the process. The primary responsibility of the outside law firm is to facilitate the process, collect feedback, analyze and report the results, offer insight regarding best governance practices, and provide recommendations to the NCG Committee. Assessment of Results Following the completion of the interviews and synthesis of the feedback, the outside law firm discusses the results with the independent members of the Board or the NCG Committee and our Lead Independent Director, and where appropriate, our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. These results allow the NCG Committee to assess the strength of the Board, its committees and each individual director, and areas of potential improvement. The NCG Committee reports the results to the full Board in executive session and recommends actions where appropriate (described further below). Action Plans Based on the results of the evaluation and the recommendations of the NCG Committee, and taking into consideration the recommendations of the outside law firm, the Board determines whether to implement changes or updates to the policies, procedures and practices of the Board or any committee, as well as any suggestions or actions regarding individual director performance. If warranted, the Board would direct the NCG Committee to create an action plan to incorporate changes and provide status updates in subsequent Board meetings. For example, in response to the annual evaluation conducted in February 2024, the Board rotated the Chairpersons of both the NCG Committee and the Compensation Committee in June 2024, bringing fresh insights to these leadership roles. The new Chairpersons, Ms. Carintia Martinez (NCG committee) and Mr. Eugen Elmiger (Compensation Committee), are each seasoned senior executives in multi-national companies with extensive experience in operations, corporate governance, cybersecurity and risk management. In March 2025, Ms. Eileen Wynne, who has 20 years of experience in finance, accounting and risk management in the semiconductor industry, was appointed as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. In April 2025, the NCG Committee implemented a Board education program designed to assist the directors to continue to develop the necessary skills and expertise to carry out their responsibilities and enhance the overall effectiveness and performance of the Board. The continuing education program may include a mix of trainings conducted by in-house subject matter experts and outside advisors, as well as conferences, webinars and other programs offered by third-party organizations, such as the National Association of Corporate Directors. Board Tenure In October 2024, Mr. James C. Moyer, our longest-serving director other than Mr. Hsing, retired from the Board. Mr. Moyer was our Chief Design Engineer for 18 years with technical expertise in the semiconductor industry. His tenure brought valuable insights and guidance to the Board regarding our long-term strategy and business approach on our highly complex analog products over the years. Currently, the average tenure of our independent Board members is approximately 13 years. Our Board consists of a mix of longer-term directors and two directors who have joined our Board since 2021. The Board believes that this mix of tenures promotes an appropriate balance of experiences and allows the Board to benefit from both directors with extensive understanding and institutional knowledge of our business and recently appointed directors with new viewpoints and perspectives. 17 Table of Contents Board Meetings and Committees The Board held a total of four meetings during 2024, and all directors attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board and the committees upon which such director served. Audit Committee. The Board has a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, which currently consists of four members: Herbert Chang, Victor K. Lee, Eileen Wynne and Jeff Zhou. Mr. Lee served as the chair of the Audit Committee until March 3, 2025. Ms. Wynne was appointed to serve as the new chair of the Audit Committee, effective March 3, 2025. The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to: Provide oversight of our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audit of our financial statements; Appoint the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; Assist the Board in the oversight of the integrity of our financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence and performance, and our internal accounting and financial controls; and Provide to the Board such information and materials as it may deem necessary to make the Board aware of financial matters requiring the attention of the Board. The Board has determined that Mr. Lee and Ms. Wynne are audit committee financial experts, as defined under the rules of the SEC, and all members of the Audit Committee are independent in accordance with the applicable SEC regulations and the applicable listing standards of NASDAQ and are financially literate. The Audit Committee held five meetings during 2024. The Audit Committee acts pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available in the Investor Relations Corporate Governance section of our website at http://www.monolithicpower.com. Compensation Committee. The Board has designated a Compensation Committee consisting of three members: Herbert Chang, Eugen Elmiger and Jeff Zhou. Mr. Elmiger is the chair of the Compensation Committee. The primary responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are to: Provide oversight of our compensation policies, plans and benefits programs; Assist the Board in the oversight of the compensation of the executive officers, and evaluation and approval of the executive officer compensation plans, policies and programs; Assist the Board in administering our equity compensation plans; and Provide oversight of our practices and compliance efforts with respect to executive compensation policies and programs, as well as human capital management, under our environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) initiatives. Subject to applicable law, the Compensation Committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees when appropriate, and may delegate certain equity grant and equity administration authority under our equity plans to one or more of our officers or to committees of the Board or subcommittees of the Compensation Committee. All members of the Compensation Committee are independent in accordance with the applicable listing standards of NASDAQ. The Compensation Committee held four meetings during 2024. The Compensation Committee acts pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available in the Investor Relations Corporate Governance section of our website at http://www.monolithicpower.com. NCG Committee. The Board has designated an NCG Committee consisting of two members: Eugen Elmiger and Carintia Martinez. Ms. Martinez is the chair of the NCG Committee. The primary responsibilities of the NCG Committee are to: Review the composition and qualifications of the Board, recommend director nominees for the selection of the Board, and evaluate director compensation; Review the composition of committees of the Board and recommend persons to be members of such committees; Develop overall governance guidelines and oversee the overall performance of the Board, including the annual Board evaluations; Recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject a tendered director resignation, or take other action, in circumstances where a director receives a greater number of Withheld votes than For votes in an uncontested election of directors as set forth in the director voting policy adopted by the Board; 18 Table of Contents Provide oversight of our practices, policies, strategies and disclosures with respect to environmental sustainability issues, social initiatives and corporate governance; and Provide oversight of our cybersecurity program, including policies, practices, internal controls and management of information security risks. All members of the NCG Committee are independent in accordance with the applicable listing standards of NASDAQ. The NCG Committee held four meetings in 2024. The NCG Committee acts pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available in the Investor Relations Corporate Governance section of our website at http://www.monolithicpower.com. The information contained on our website is not intended to be part of this Proxy Statement and is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. Board Oversight of Risks The Board is primarily responsible for the oversight of risks that could affect MPS. The Board believes that a fundamental part of risk management is understanding the risks that we face, monitoring these risks, and adopting appropriate controls and mitigation activities for such risks. We believe that the risk management areas that are critical to our long-term success primarily include product development, supply chain and quality, regulations and legal compliance, ESG, executive compensation programs, sales and promotions, and business development, as well as protection of our assets (financial, intellectual property and cybersecurity), all of which are managed by senior executive management reporting directly to our Chief Executive Officer. Our Board members have extensive experience in risk oversight arising from their current or prior experience as chief executive officers, chief financial officers, chief information officers, as well as other senior leadership positions or board members of other companies with responsibility for risk oversight obligations. As such, the Board believes that its members are qualified and experienced at identifying and addressing risk throughout our operations. While the full Board has retained responsibility for general oversight of risk, the Board s oversight is conducted principally through the committees of the Board. The Board satisfies its responsibility by requiring each committee chair to regularly report the committee s considerations and actions, including risk oversight, as well as by requiring officers responsible for oversight of particular risks to submit regular reports. As these reports are submitted independent of review by Mr. Hsing, the Board believes that its leadership structure has no impact on the conduct of its risk oversight function other than to reinforce the involvement of the Board in ongoing management of MPS. The following table outlines the specific risk oversight responsibilities of each committee: Committee Primary Areas of Risk Oversight Audit Oversee accounting policies and internal controls, and evaluate enterprise risks associated with financial reporting, accounting, auditing and tax matters. Assess financial risks relating to our cash management and investment programs. Compensation Assess risks related to our compensation programs and practices. Oversee risks related to human capital management. NCG Assess risks and compliance related to corporate governance matters, including our policies and principles, our Board structure, membership and independence, and stockholder rights. Evaluate exposures and risks related to cybersecurity, data privacy and information technology security and controls. Assess risks arising from other ESG initiatives, including climate-related risks. Our senior management team, which conducts our day-to-day risk management, is responsible for assisting the Board and the committees with its risk oversight function. At its regularly scheduled meetings, the Board and the committees require officers responsible for oversight of particular risks to submit updates and reports on business matters including operational and ESG issues, financial results, cybersecurity and information security, and business outlook and strategy. These updates enable our Board and the committees to discuss enterprise risks with our senior management on a regular basis, including as a part of its annual strategic planning process and annual budget review. In addition to requiring regular reporting from committees and officers, the Board also receives reports from third-party advisors in order to maintain oversight of risks that could affect us, including our independent auditors, outside counsel, compensation consultants and others. These advisors are consulted on a periodic basis, and as particular issues arise, in order to provide the Board and the committees with the benefit of independent expert advice and insights on specific risk-related matters. 19 Table of Contents We believe the division of risk management responsibilities described above is an effective approach for addressing the risks facing us and that the Board leadership structure supports this approach. Nomination Process The Board has adopted guidelines for the identification, evaluation and nomination of candidates for director. If the NCG Committee wishes to identify new independent director candidates for Board membership, it is authorized to retain and approve fees of third-party search firms to help identify prospective director nominees. It is the practice of the Board that our Lead Independent Director interviews each Board candidate. The NCG Committee focuses on skills, expertise or background that would complement the existing Board, recognizing that our businesses and operations are diverse and global in nature. While there are no specific minimum qualifications for director nominees, the ideal candidate should (a) exhibit independence, integrity, and qualifications that will increase overall Board effectiveness, and (b) meet other requirements as may be required by applicable rules, such as financial literacy or expertise for audit committee members. The policy of the NCG Committee is to consider properly submitted stockholder nominations for candidates to serve on the Board. Stockholders who wish to nominate a candidate for election to the Board, including nominations using proxy access, must comply with the procedures set forth in our Bylaws. Refer to Procedure for Submitting Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations for further details. The NCG Committee uses the same process for evaluating all nominees, regardless of the original source of the nomination. After completing its review and evaluation of director candidates, the NCG Committee recommends to the Board the director nominees for selection. Stockholder Communications The Board has approved a Stockholder Communication Policy to provide a process by which stockholders may communicate directly with the Board or one or more of its members. You may contact any of our directors by writing to them using the following methods: By e-mail: corporate.secretary@monolithicpower.com By mail: Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. Attn: Corporate Secretary 5808 Lake Washington Blvd. NE Kirkland, WA 98033 Any stockholder communications to the Board will first go to the Corporate Secretary, who will log the date of receipt of the communication as well as the identity of the correspondent in our stockholder communications log. The Corporate Secretary will review, summarize and, if appropriate, draft a response to the communication in a timely manner. The Corporate Secretary will then forward copies of the stockholder communication to the Board member(s) (or specific Board member(s) if the communication is so addressed) for review, provided that such correspondence concerns the functions of the Board or its committees, or otherwise requires the attention of the Board or its members. Attendance at Annual Meetings of Stockholders by the Board of Directors We do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by members of the Board at our annual meetings of stockholders. In 2024, two Board members attended the Annual Meeting. Code of Ethics and Business Conduct We have adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which is applicable to our directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available in the Investor Relations Corporate Governance section of our website at http://www.monolithicpower.com. We will disclose on our website any amendment to the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, as well as any waivers of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, that are required to be disclosed by the rules of the SEC or NASDAQ. 20 Table of Contents Policy on Hedging and Other Transactions We have adopted a policy that prohibits our directors, officers (including our named executive officers), and other employees from engaging in hedging or monetization transactions with respect to our stock that they obtained through our plans or otherwise, without prior approval by our Chief Compliance Officer. We also prohibit our directors and officers (including our named executive officers) from engaging in any short sales of our stock. In addition, our directors and officers are prohibited at all times from holding our stock in a margin account and from pledging our stock as collateral. The policy is included in our Insider Trading Policy, which is available in the Investor Relations Corporate Governance section of our website at http://www.monolithicpower.com. Director Voting Policy We have adopted a director voting policy, which can be found in the Investor Relations Corporate Governance section of our website at http://www.monolithicpower.com. The policy establishes that any director nominee who receives more Withheld votes than For votes in an uncontested election held in an annual meeting of stockholders shall promptly tender his or her resignation. The disinterested directors of the Board will then evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances and make a decision, within 90 days after the election, on whether to accept the tendered resignation. The Board will promptly publicly disclose its decision and, if applicable, the reasons for rejecting the tendered resignation . Director Time Commitment Policy We have adopted a director time commitment policy, which can be found in the Investor Relations Corporate Governance section of our website at http://www.monolithicpower.com. Directors are expected to devote the time and attention necessary to fully discharge their responsibilities as members of the Board and on each committee on which they serve. The policy also sets the following guidelines on public company board seats our directors can serve on: No director may serve on more than five public company boards (including the Board); No director who is an executive officer of a public company may serve on more than two public company boards (including the Board); and No director who is a chair of a public company board may serve on more than three public company boards (including the Board). The policy is subject to a waiver of such restrictions by a majority of non-affected members of the Board. 21 Table of Contents 2024 Director Compensation Analysis of 2024 Compensation Elements For 2024, the Board engaged Radford, an independent compensation consultant, to review our non-employee director compensation. In its analysis, Radford gathered market data relating to the amount and type of compensation paid by our peer group for 2024 (see Named Executive Officer Compensation Peer Group and Use of Peer Data for more information on the selection of the peer group). Based on its review of the results of this market study and recommendations by Radford, the Board approved the following compensation program for our non-employee directors for service in 2024: Fee Description FY 2024 ($) FY 2023 ($) Change Annual Board retainer fee 85,000 75,000 13 % Lead Independent Director fee 40,000 40,000 0 % Compensation Committee chairperson fee 20,000 20,000 0 % Compensation Committee membership fee (excluding chairperson) 10,000 10,000 0 % NCG Committee chairperson fee 15,000 15,000 0 % NCG Committee membership fee (excluding chairperson) 7,500 7,500 0 % Audit Committee chairperson fee 30,000 30,000 0 % Audit Committee membership fee (excluding chairperson) 15,000 15,000 0 % Restricted stock unit ( RSU ) grant to new directors 220,000 220,000 0 % Annual RSU grant to incumbent directors 220,000 220,000 0 % The initial grant of RSUs to new directors vests as to 50% of the underlying shares of Common Stock on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant. The annual grant of RSUs to incumbent directors vests as to 100% of the underlying shares of Common Stock on the first anniversary of the date of the grant. All awards will become fully vested in the event of a change in control. All of our non-employee directors are subject to stock ownership guidelines that are described below in Named Executive Officer Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Stock Ownership Guidelines. The following table sets forth the total compensation for each non-employee director for services rendered in 2024. Mr. Hsing, who is our employee, does not receive additional compensation for his services as a director. Mr. Hsing s compensation is reflected in Named Executive Officer Compensation - 2024 Summary Compensation Table. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($)(1) Total ($) Herbert Chang 150,000 220,277 370,277 Eugen Elmiger 111,250 220,277 331,527 Victor K. Lee 115,000 220,277 335,277 Carintia Martinez 96,250 220,277 316,527 James C. Moyer (2) 85,000 305,130 390,130 Eileen Wynne 100,000 220,277 320,277 Jeff Zhou 115,000 220,277 335,277 (1) The amount reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of the RSUs granted to each director in 2024, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC Topic 718. The grant date fair value was calculated using the closing price of our Common Stock on February 6, 2024, the date of grant for such awards. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 1 and Note 8 to the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2025 (the 2024 Annual Report ). (2) Mr. Moyer retired and resigned from the Board on October 22, 2024. In connection with his resignation, the Board accelerated the vesting of his outstanding RSU awards (348 shares) to October 22, 2024. Pursuant to ASC Topic 718, we recorded an incremental fair value of $84,853 related to the modification of the awards. 22 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the number of shares of our Common Stock that are subject to unvested RSU awards held by each of the non-employee directors as of December 31, 2024. There were no outstanding stock option awards as of December 31, 2024. Name Stock Awards (#) Herbert Chang 348 Eugen Elmiger 348 Victor K. Lee 348 Carintia Martinez 348 Eileen Wynne 583 Jeff Zhou 348 23 Table of Contents CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Since MPS was founded in 1997, one of our core values has been to run a responsible and responsive business for the long term. We believe that positive ESG business practices strengthen our company and foster strong relationships with our stockholders, employees, business partners and communities where we operate. We are committed to making our business sustainable and our stakeholders engaged by maintaining strong ESG practices and policies. ESG Oversight We believe that effective oversight is essential to ensure our ESG practices and policies are aligned with our business strategy and serve the long-term interests of our stockholders and other stakeholders. Our Board is actively engaged on ESG matters and has the ultimate responsibility on the oversight, management and implementation of our ESG program. In its oversight role, our Board primarily focuses on: Assessing ESG risks and opportunities and the impact of our strategy on our business and operations. Setting measurable and rigorous goals, monitoring progress and reviewing status reports. Establishing management accountability for ESG performance. Reviewing our reporting processes and controls. Overseeing our engagement and communications strategy with our stockholders and other stakeholders. Our Board has assigned oversight responsibilities of our ESG compliance efforts to its committees, and receives reports and updates from each committee on a quarterly basis: NCG Committee Provides oversight of overall strategy, performance and risk assessments related to our ESG program, including environmental and social initiatives, cybersecurity and corporate governance matters. Compensation Committee Establishes executive accountability through compensation policies and programs, and oversees human capital management. Audit Committee Oversees reporting, internal controls and disclosure requirements pursuant to regulatory standards. Our ESG Steering Committee is responsible for the day-to-day management of our ESG program and consists of a cross-functional group that includes two senior executives and leaders from Legal and Compliance, Information Technology, Facilities, Operations, Procurement, Quality Assurance, Product Line, Human Resources, Finance, Supply Chain Management, and Environmental, Health and Safety. Under the supervision of the Board committees, the ESG Steering Committee s primary role is to: (a) manage the execution of our ESG strategy, (b) develop and implement initiatives and policies, (c) drive ESG performance, (d) oversee communications with employees, customers, suppliers, regulators and other stakeholders, and (e) monitor and assess regulatory developments and trends relating to ESG. On a quarterly basis, each Board committee receives updates from the ESG Steering Committee. These updates provide the Board committees with the opportunities to evaluate our ESG priorities, performance against our goals, and regulatory requirements. ESG Initiative Highlights For a complete description of our ESG priorities, initiatives and goals, please refer to our Corporate Responsibility Report, which is available on our website at https://www.monolithicpower.com/en/about-mps/investor-relations/esg-report.html. The information contained in our Corporate Responsibility Report and on our website is not intended to be part of this Proxy Statement and is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. Environmental Sustainability Pursuant to our Environmental and Climate Change Policy, we seek to responsibly protect the environment and conserve natural resources by implementing sustainability programs and solutions, engaging partners across our value chain, and setting ambitious goals that we believe will help minimize the environmental impacts from our products and operations. Carbon Footprint In May 2023, the Board set a long-term goal to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions by 40% by the end of 2030, against the 2022 baseline of 29,402 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent. Our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions inventory, which is determined using the operational control approach under the GHG Protocol, covers all global operations and is annually verified by an independent GHG data assurance firm. We plan to achieve the 40% reduction target by implementing the following initiatives, among others: (a) powering our operations with renewable electricity, (b) adopting measures to reduce refrigerant emissions in our facilities, and (c) completing other energy-efficient projects. At the end of 2024, we have reduced our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 18% compared to the 2022 baseline. In addition, we are developing our methodologies and data collection processes to assess our Scope 3 emissions and expect to complete a preliminary assessment for 2025. 24 Table of Contents Renewable Energy Our goal is to increase renewable energy sources as part of our GHG emissions reduction strategy. We will continue to procure reliable energy supplies, including renewable resources where available, that are cost-effective and align with our business needs and environmental objectives. In May 2023, the Board set a long-term goal to power our global operations with a minimum 75% renewable electricity by the end of 2026. At the end of 2024, our global operations were powered by 40% renewable electricity. Waste We continue to look for opportunities to minimize waste generation, most of which is produced at our testing facilities. In 2024, 89% of our waste from global operations was recycled or composted. Hazardous waste represents a small fraction of our overall waste, and we are focused on managing our hazardous waste by working closely with our vendors to identify and implement additional recycling programs. Product Design Our products play a critical role in powering data center infrastructure. In our product design, we focus on features that deliver new capabilities while improving performance and energy efficiency. As a result of increasingly intensive computing applications such as AI, customers are looking for sustainable solutions that maximize power density in data centers. Using our proprietary power conversion technology, we are developing power modules with higher power density per rack that will decrease the physical footprint on the motherboards. This power density improvement will enable more computing power in less space, which will result in energy savings in data centers. Sustainable Operations As part of our goal to achieve sustainable, energy-efficient operations, we have implemented various green technologies in our facilities, including solar panels and electric vehicle ( EV ) charging stations. Globally, we have approximately 33,500 square feet of solar panels, which generated close to 542 MWh of electricity, with 126 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent savings in 2024. We also have 86 EV charging stations in various locations, available free of charge to employees. Environmental Management System We utilize an Environmental Management System ( EMS ) to achieve our environmental goals by establishing objectives, processes and procedures to minimize negative environmental effects, enhance resource efficiency, comply with regulatory requirements, and promote sustainable practices throughout our value chain. Our EMS is compliant with the ISO 14001 standard. Social Through our social initiatives, we aim to give back to our local communities and maintain a workplace that values a broad range of backgrounds, a healthy and safe environment, innovative thinking and professional growth. In addition, we conduct our business in a manner that respects the rights and dignity of all people, and we expect our business partners to uphold these principles as well. Equity and Inclusion Our mission is to create an inclusive workplace that supports all employees. We provide unconscious bias trainings for managers and human resources employees administered by independent third parties to ensure that we promote an environment of inclusivity. In our most recent pulse survey, approximately 90% of our employees said they were valued and treated with respect. We file our EEO-1 report each year and publish the data publicly. In 2024, women made up approximately 40% of our worldwide workforce. In the U.S., employees belonging to minority groups accounted for 70% of our workforce. We recruit new talent from a broad range of university recruitment programs and employment websites. 25 Table of Contents Training and Development We encourage our employees to learn, innovate and grow their careers by providing them with access to various learning tools and resources to develop their business skills and knowledge. As part of our efforts to invest in employee growth and development, we maintain an online learning management system, Cornerstone, that offers a comprehensive library of training courses on topics including business and leadership, career and technical skill development, ethical standards, health and safety, cybersecurity, human rights and compliance. Human Rights Under our Code of Social Responsibility, we adhere to the standards established in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and strictly prohibit human trafficking and the use of forced, slave or child labor in any form. We expect our employees and business partners to abide by these principles. Under our Supplier Code of Conduct, which aligns with Responsible Business Alliance s Code of Conduct, we require our suppliers to maintain sound business ethics and labor practices that are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Failure by any of our suppliers to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct may result in termination of our business relationship with such supplier. Our Communities We believe in being an active corporate citizen and making a positive impact on communities where we do business. Through the MPS Charitable Foundation, we are committed to supporting a broad range of non-profit organizations that focus on academic research, environmental stewardship, performing arts, healthcare, food banks, youth programs, and educational and career opportunities with monetary contributions or investments. In 2024, we contributed $23.7 million to the MPS Charitable Foundation, which has made donations to organizations including University of Washington, Cornell University, Forterra, Healthier Kids Foundation, Seattle Symphony, Second Harvest of Silicon Valley and Virginia Mason Foundation. Governance Our overall governance framework is designed to promote strong oversight, create Board and management accountability, protect the rights of stockholders, and demonstrate our commitment to transparency and independence. We believe that strong corporate governance is important for our long-term success and ensures that we manage ESG risks effectively while achieving our sustainability and social priorities. Stockholder Rights We demonstrate our responsiveness to our stockholders by providing them with numerous avenues to discuss our business and governance policies with the management team and the Board. We regularly conduct outreach each year with our stockholders to solicit feedback on best corporate governance practices. These discussions allow our Board to address topics and implement changes that are important to our stockholders. For example, our Bylaws provide a proxy access right to our stockholders who meet certain eligibility requirements. In March 2025, the Board amended and restated our Bylaws to give stockholders the right to call a special meeting if certain eligibility requirements are met. Board Composition and Refreshment Our Board consists of members with a wide variety of skills, industry experiences, tenures and backgrounds. We believe a balanced and cohesive Board is critical in facilitating strong oversight, fostering diverse and new perspectives, as well as supporting the achievement of MPS s long-term objectives. Currently, five of our seven directors are ethnically diverse, and two of our seven directors are female. In addition, two of our directors were first appointed within the past four years. Stockholder Engagement During 2024, we continued our practice of proactive stockholder engagement regarding important matters including ESG, governance and executive compensation topics. Our management team, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel, and our Compensation Committee Chair extended invitations to our largest institutional stockholders and had the opportunity to engage with stockholders representing approximately 47% of our total shares outstanding as of the record date in 2024. Subsequent to these meetings, our management team, the Board and its committees thoughtfully evaluated information gathered from our engagement process, together with feedback and input from our independent compensation consultant, when making decisions for the next 12 months. 26 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the changes we have implemented, based on the key issues raised by our stockholders: What We Heard from Stockholders How We Responded Environmental Sustainability We should establish a clear commitment to addressing climate risks and greater links between executive compensation and achievement of sustainability goals. In 2024, the Compensation Committee established accountability by linking a portion of the executive equity compensation awards to the achievement of the following environmental goals by the end of 2026: (1) Reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 25% compared to the 2022 baseline; (2) Generate more than one-third of our annual automotive revenue from EV manufacturers; and (3) Increase annual revenue from products enabling EV powertrains and 48-volt electrical systems to 200% of the 2023 baseline. Corporate Governance The Board should continue to establish policies and practices that will help support the Board s dynamics and effectiveness, evaluate its performance, identify areas of improvement and promote stockholder rights. In 2024, the Board adopted a policy regarding director time commitment to ensure that directors devote the time and attention necessary to fully discharge their responsibilities as members of the Board and on each committee on which they serve. Prior to 2024, the Board had an informal annual Board evaluation process. In 2024, the Board adopted a formal annual director evaluation process to assess the performance of each individual director, and the performance of the Board and each committee. In 2024, as part of our succession planning, the Board rotated the chairpersons of the NCG Committee and the Compensation Committee, and in March 2025, the Board rotated the chairperson of the Audit Committee, bringing fresh perspectives to these leadership roles. In March 2025, the Board amended and restated our Bylaws to give stockholders the right to call a special meeting, provided that certain thresholds are met. Executive Compensation Our peer group should consist of similar companies by market capitalization. In 2024, the Compensation Committee evaluated our peer group composition criteria and removed certain semiconductor companies with a market capitalization greater than $100 billion from the peer group. The target opportunity for the short-term incentive program is relatively high compared to peers. In 2024, with inputs from our independent compensation consultant, the Compensation Committee conducted a comprehensive review of the executive compensation program during our annual review cycle and lowered the target opportunity from 200% to 150% for the short-term cash incentive plan. MPS should establish stock price performance goals that align more directly with long-term value creation for stockholders. In February 2025, the Compensation Committee linked a portion of the executive equity compensation awards to the achievement of a rigorous total stockholder return ( TSR ) percentile ranking relative to the companies in the PHLX Semiconductor Sector ( PHLX ) Index. A minimum 75 th percentile must be attained to earn the maximum payout under the awards. 27 Table of Contents PROPOSAL TWO RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee of the Board has appointed EY as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2025. EY has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since March 2019. Representatives of EY are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting with the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. Although ratification by stockholders is not required by law, the Board has determined that it is desirable to request ratification by the stockholders of this selection. Notwithstanding its selection, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may appoint a new independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if the Audit Committee believes that such a change would be in the best interest of MPS and our stockholders. If the stockholders do not ratify the appointment of EY, the Audit Committee may reconsider its selection. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF EY AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2025. Audit and Other Fees The following table summarizes the fees for services provided by EY for 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): FY 2024 ($) FY 2023 ($) Audit fees 4,080 2,239 Audit-related fees 4 34 Tax fees 6 6 Total 4,090 2,279 Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports and the audit of our internal control over financial reporting. Audit fees also include services in connection with foreign statutory and regulatory filings, and audit and accounting matters that arise during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements, including the application of proposed accounting rules, statutory audits required by non-U.S. jurisdictions and the preparation of an annual management letter containing observations and discussions on internal control matters. Audit-related fees represent assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include accounting consultations in connection with attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation, and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax fees represent professional services for federal, state and international tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services The charter of our Audit Committee requires that the Audit Committee pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided to us by our independent registered public accounting firm. All such services for 2024 and 2023 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 28 Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION As required under Section 14A of the Exchange Act, we are asking stockholders to again cast an advisory (non-binding) vote on the following resolution at the Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and related narratives and descriptions of this Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting, is hereby APPROVED. This advisory vote, commonly known as a say-on-pay vote, gives our stockholders the opportunity to express their views about the compensation we paid to our named executive officers, as described in this Proxy Statement. Before stockholders vote on this proposal, they should review the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this Proxy Statement and the tabular and narrative disclosure that follows it. We currently conduct say-on-pay votes every year. Therefore, the next say-on-pay vote is expected to occur at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. We are committed to responsible compensation practices and structures. As described more fully in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement, the primary goal of our executive compensation program is the same as our goal for operating MPS to create long-term value for our stockholders. To achieve this goal, we have regularly sought out the feedback of our major stockholders over the past several years to hear their suggestions on how we can better achieve our primary compensation goal. After taking their feedback into consideration, we have continued to update our compensation program for our named executive officers, implementing those recommendations of our stockholders that the Compensation Committee believes will help us create long-term value for our stockholders. We believe these annual reviews of our programs, in coordination with our conversations with our stockholders, allow us to motivate and reward our executives for sustained financial and operating performance and leadership excellence, to align their interests with those of our stockholders, and to encourage them to remain with us for long and productive careers. Stockholders may vote for or against the resolution or abstain from voting on the resolution. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote thereon which are present in person by virtual attendance at the Annual Meeting or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting is required to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers. The result of the say-on-pay vote will not be binding on us, the Board or the Compensation Committee. However, we value the views of the stockholders. The Board and the Compensation Committee will review the results of the vote and expect to take them into consideration in addressing future compensation policies and decisions. FOR THESE REASONS, THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AS DISCLOSED IN THE COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, COMPENSATION TABLES AND RELATED NARRATIVES AND DESCRIPTIONS OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING. 29 Table of Contents SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth, as of the Record Date, information relating to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock or securities exercisable for, or exchangeable into, our Common Stock by: (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, (ii) each director (or nominee), (iii) each of the named executive officers in the 2024 Summary Compensation Table, and (iv) all directors and named executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed below is Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. at 5808 Lake Washington Boulevard NE, Kirkland, WA 98033. Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (#) Percent of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) Named Executive Officers and Directors: Michael Hsing (2) 980,763 2.0 % Bernie Blegen (3) 63,601 * Deming Xiao (4) 185,450 * Maurice Sciammas (5) 186,089 * Saria Tseng (6) 159,004 * Herbert Chang (7) 541 * Eugen Elmiger (8) 20,878 * Victor K. Lee (9) 29,232 * Carintia Martinez (10) 1,943 * Eileen Wynne (11) 818 * Jeff Zhou (12) 6,069 * Total 1,634,388 3.4 % 5% Stockholders: The Vanguard Group (13) 5,464,066 11.4 % BlackRock, Inc. (14) 4,674,772 9.8 % FMR LLC (15) 3,519,372 7.4 % * Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%. (1) Based on 47,877,352 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of the Record Date. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage of ownership of that person, RSUs held by that person that are subject to release within 60 days of the Record Date, if any, are considered to be outstanding and beneficially owned by such person. Those shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. (2) Includes (i) 834,898 shares held of record by Michael Hsing, (ii) 133,040 shares held of record by Michael Hsing, Trustee of the Michael Hsing 2004 Trust, and (iii) 12,825 shares held of record by Michael Hsing, Trustee of the ZH Family Trust. (3) Includes (i) 52,939 shares held of record by Bernie Blegen, (ii) 5,331 shares held of record by Bernie Blegen and Judy Blegen, Co-Trustees of the Trust FBO Sarah Blegen, and (iii) 5,331 shares held of record by Bernie Blegen and Judy Blegen, Co-Trustees of the Trust FBO Theodore Blegen. (4) Includes (i) 161,604 shares held of record by Deming Xiao, (ii) 20,455 shares owned by Julia Chu, Mr. Xiao s wife, and (iii) 3,391 shares held in the Christopher Xiao Trust. 30 Table of Contents (5) Includes (i) 76,859 shares held of record by Maurice Sciammas, (ii) 38,216 shares held of record by Maurice Sciammas and Christina Sciammas, Co-Trustees of the Sciammas Family Living Trust, (iii) 7,910 shares held of record by Maurice Sciammas, Trustee of the Grantor Retained Annuity Trust FBO Oski Crew, (iv) 7,910 shares held of record by Christina Sciammas, Trustee of the Grantor Retained Annuity Trust FBO Oski Crew, (v) 16,015 shares held of record by Maurice Sciammas and Christina Sciammas, Co-Trustees of the Sciammas Family Trust, and (vi) 39,179 shares held of record by Maurice Sciammas and/or Christina Sciammas, trustees of various other trusts, none of which holds more than 5,000 shares individually. (6) Includes 159,004 shares held of record by Saria Tseng. (7) Includes 541 shares held of record by Herbert Chang. (8) Includes 20,878 shares held of record by Eugen Elmiger. (9) Includes 29,232 shares held of record by Victor K. Lee. (10) Includes 1,943 shares held of record by Carintia Martinez. (11) Includes 818 shares held of record by Eileen Wynne. (12) Includes 6,069 shares held of record by Jeff Zhou. (13) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, The Vanguard Group reported that the firm beneficially owned 5,464,066 shares, and had shared voting power over 61,891 shares, sole dispositive power over 5,262,405 shares and shared dispositive power over 201,661 shares. The Vanguard Group listed its address as 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355. (14) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on April 17, 2025, BlackRock, Inc. reported that the firm beneficially owned 4,674,772 shares, and had sole voting power over 4,349,543 shares and sole dispositive power over 4,674,772 shares. BlackRock, Inc. listed its address as 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. (15) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on November 12, 2024, FMR LLC reported that the firm beneficially owned 3,519,372 shares, and had sole voting power over 3,334,637 shares and sole dispositive power over 3,519,372 shares. FMR LLC listed its address as 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions We have a written policy on related party transactions, as defined in our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and the Audit Committee Charter. In accordance with our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, it is the responsibility of our employees and directors to disclose any significant financial interest in a transaction between us and a third party, including an indirect interest, through, for example, a relative or significant other. It is also the responsibility of our Audit Committee, as described in the Audit Committee Charter, to review on an ongoing basis all related party transactions and approve these transactions before they are entered into. In 2024, we made an investment of $2,000,000 in a venture capital limited partnership focusing on investments in early-stage technology companies. Mr. Hsing, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. Tseng, Executive Vice President, Strategic Corporate Development, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, also personally invested $2,500,000 and $500,000, respectively, in the same partnership. Joseph Sciammas, a family member of Mr. Sciammas, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing, is employed by MPS in a non-executive role and received total compensation of $217,000 in 2024. This individual s compensation was established in accordance with our compensation policies applicable to employees with comparable qualifications and responsibilities and holding similar positions. 31 Table of Contents NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes our compensation philosophy and programs, compensation decisions made under those programs, and factors considered in making these decisions for our named executive officers ( NEOs ) who, for 2024, were: Michael Hsing, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; Bernie Blegen, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; Deming Xiao, Executive Vice President, Global Operations; Maurice Sciammas, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing; and Saria Tseng, Executive Vice President, Strategic Corporate Development, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. For further information regarding each NEO s professional background, please refer to Information About Executive Officers under Item 1 of our 2024 Annual Report. Executive Summary Financial and Business Performance Highlights: The Compensation Committee has focused our executives on accountability in revenue, operating income and earnings, as well as maximizing stockholder return through the structure of our executive compensation program. In 2024, we achieved record revenue of $2.2 billion, which was our 13th consecutive year of revenue growth driven by consistent execution, continued innovation and strong customer focus. Our revenue grew 21% from the prior year, compared with the analog industry s 2% decrease in revenue reported by the Semiconductor Industry Association ( SIA ). Our financial results are summarized as follows (in millions, except per-share amounts and percentages): GAAP Non-GAAP (1) FY 2024 ($) FY 2023 ($) Change FY 2024 ($) FY 2023 ($) Change Revenue 2,207.1 1,821.1 21.2 % 2,207.1 1,821.1 21.2 % Operating income 539.4 481.7 12.0 % 764.1 641.1 19.2 % Net income (2) 1,786.7 427.4 318.0 % 689.8 574.6 20.0 % Diluted EPS (2) 36.59 8.76 317.7 % 14.12 11.78 19.9 % (1) The reconciliation of the GAAP financial measures to the non-GAAP financial measures and related disclosures are provided in Annexure A. (2) In 2024, one of our foreign subsidiaries was granted a ten-year tax incentive. A deferred tax benefit of approximately $1.3 billion, net of $0.1 billion of valuation allowance, was recorded in 2024 to reflect the estimated future reductions in cash tax paid in that jurisdiction associated with the incentive. This deferred tax benefit favorably impacted our 2024 GAAP net income and diluted EPS. In 2024, we continued to execute our long-term strategy by bringing innovative new products to market and expanding design wins across our broad base of customers, some of which are highlighted below: We introduced a silicon carbide inverter for high power clean energy applications. Initial revenue is expected to ramp up in late 2025. Other silicon carbide-based applications are expected to be introduced in multiple geographies during 2025 and 2026. We developed a family of high quality, cost efficient automotive audio products utilizing DSP technology from our 2024 Axign acquisition powered by MPS solutions. 32 Table of Contents For enterprise notebooks, we launched a battery management solution and are sampling our new mini-phase power stage. These products enable faster charge time and significantly improve battery life. Building on our first analog to digital converter design win in 2024, we are developing new high accuracy 24-bit converters which are expected to ramp up in 2025. Cash Dividends and Stock Repurchases: Due to our continued strong performance, we have increased the amount of our dividends paid to stockholders over the last few years. The following table summarizes the cash dividends declared by our Board in the past three years (in thousands, except per-share amounts): FY 2024 ($) FY 2023 ($) FY 2022 ($) Dividend declared per share 5.00 4.00 3.00 Total amount 242,459 190,642 140,337 In 2024, we completed the $640 million stock repurchase program approved by our Board in October 2023 and repurchased a total of 1.0 million shares of our Common Stock under the program. Overall, we have returned 86% of free cash flows to our stockholders through both the cash dividend and stock repurchase programs in the past three years. In February 2025, the Board approved a 25% increase in our quarterly cash dividends to $1.56 per share (or $6.24 per share annually) and a new three-year stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to $500 million in the aggregate of our Common Stock. TSR: The following charts summarize our cumulative TSR performance compared with our peer group, the S P 500 Index and the PHLX Index: (1) Represents our 2024 peer group approved by the Compensation Committee. See Peer Group and Use of Peer Data for further discussion. 33 Table of Contents Market Capitalization: Our strong financial performance in the past several years has translated to a significant increase in our market capitalization. The following chart illustrates Mr. Hsing s compensation (as reported in the 2024 Summary Compensation Table) compared to our market capitalization in the past three years: Compensation Philosophy: 