=== MPWR_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the material risks described below. This section should be read in conjunction with all the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize from time to time, then our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results, and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In such an event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties may arise that could also harm our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results, and growth prospects. Our past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. These risks include those related to forward-looking statements and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Risk Factors Summary The following summary description sets forth an overview of the material risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities. The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full risk factor discussion immediately following this summary description. We encourage you to read the full risk factor discussion carefully. Our revenue and expenses are difficult to predict, have varied significantly in the past, and could fluctuate significantly in the future due to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. As a result, we may not be profitable on a quarterly or annual basis. Our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as your investment in our common stock, could be materially and adversely affected by any of the following material risks: • our dependence on the markets in Asia for our customer base, which may expose us to political, cultural, regulatory, economic, foreign currency and operational risks; • inherent risks associated with the operation in China, which could increase product costs or cause a delay in product shipments; • changes in general economic conditions in the countries where our products are sold or used, particularly those in China; • the impact of extensive Chinese government regulations, reduction or elimination of incentives, and uncertainties with respect to China’s legal system, on us and our manufacturing partners and suppliers; • changes in international trade policy, such as tariffs on imports of foreign goods and regulations restricting the export of goods and services, between the U.S. and China or other countries; • political and other risks in Taiwan and Hong Kong due to their tense relationships with China; • fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies, including the Renminbi; • our reliance on key suppliers in China, which may expose us to political, cultural, regulatory, economic, foreign exchange, operational and capacity shortage risks; • our ability to achieve growth rates or financial performance comparable to past years; • changes in general demand for electronic products in the end markets that we serve; • our ability to accurately forecast sales and expenses due to the nature of our business as a component supplier; • our ability to timely develop and introduce new products, and the acceptance of our new products in the marketplace; • our dependency on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue; • potential product liability risks due to defects or failures to meet specifications; • lengthy sales cycles for our products balanced against the fixed nature of a substantial portion of our expenses; • availability of adequate manufacturing capacity from our suppliers, and our ability to increase product sales in spite of capacity challenges; 12 Table of Contents • increases in unanticipated costs as a result of increasing manufacturing capacity; • our dependency on third-party suppliers for wafer purchases and other key components, and potential increases in prices for such materials due to general capacity shortages; • our ability to deliver products on a timely basis despite disruptions in our relationships with assembly and test subcontractors; • our ability to manage our inventory levels, including the levels of inventory held by our distributors; • increases in manufacturing costs due to commodity price increases; • the highly cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry, and increased competition due to industry consolidation; • competition from companies with greater financial and technological resources, and customers developing products internally; • the impact of system upgrades, cyberattacks or other system security, data protection and privacy breaches on our business operations; • our significant investment of resources in research and development that may not result in increased future sales; • our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of any business acquisitions and other strategic investments; • the impact of new tax laws and interpretations of those laws on our tax provision and tax planning; • examination of our income tax returns, which could result in changes in effective tax rates or other adverse outcomes; • the complexity of certain accounting areas; • risks in connection with our internal control over financial reporting, the identified material weakness and the restatement of our prior financial statements; • our failure to comply with various governmental laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws, export control laws, environmental laws, regulation and reporting standards related to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”); • our ability to successfully defend ourselves in legal proceedings and protect our intellectual property, and the significant increase in legal expenses as a result of such proceedings; • risks in connection with the use of open source code software; • the loss of key personnel and our ability to retain key employees to maintain or upgrade our business systems and maintain internal controls; • risks associated with owning our stock, including volatility in our trading price due to our business and financial performance, analyst downgrades, failure to meet our own or analyst expectations, short positions in our common stock, changes to our stock repurchase or dividend program, and dilution from issuance of additional shares; and • economy and geopolitical uncertainties and risks associated with business continuity in the event of natural or other disasters including pandemics, war, climate crises and other natural disasters. 13 Table of Contents Risks Associated with Our Significant Operations in Asia, Particularly in China We derive most of our revenue from direct or indirect sales to customers in Asia and have significant operations in Asia, which may expose us to political, cultural, regulatory, economic, foreign exchange, and operational risks. We derive most of our revenue from customers located in Asia through direct sales or indirect sales under distribution arrangements and value-added reseller agreements with parties located in Asia. As a result, we are subject to significant risks due to this geographic concentration of business and operations. For the year ended December 31, 2025, 92% of our total revenue was from customers in Asia. There are risks inherent in doing business in Asia, and internationally in general, including: • changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements or restrictions, including tax and trade laws in the U.S., and in the countries in which we manufacture or sell our products, and governmental action or restrict our ability to sell to foreign customers where sales of products may require export licenses; • trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. related to goods imported from regions in China with records of forced labor and other human rights issues; • changes in U.S. laws, or the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, regarding investment in China or other countries; • fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies, which could affect the competitiveness of our products; • transportation delays and other supply chain issues; • changes in tax regulations in China that may impact our tax status in Chengdu, Hangzhou and other regions where we have significant operations; • multi-tiered distribution channels that may diminish visibility to end customer pricing and purchasing patterns; • international political relationships and acts or threats of war; • terrorism and threats of terrorism; • adverse weather conditions or other natural disasters that may cause work stoppages and affect our operations in China; • work stoppages due to economic, social and political instability; • longer accounts receivable collection cycles; • currency exchange rate fluctuations impacting intercompany transactions; • enforcing contracts; and • less effective protection of intellectual property and contractual arrangements. If we fail to expand our customer base and significantly reduce the geographic concentration of our customers, we will continue to be subject to the foregoing risks, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There are inherent risks associated with the operation of our manufacturing and testing facilities in China, which could increase product costs or cause a delay in product shipments. We have manufacturing and testing facilities in China. We face the following risks, among others, with respect to our operations in China: • challenges to hire and maintain a qualified workforce; • natural disasters such as earthquakes, flooding, severe heatwaves or droughts, which could result in power outages, water restrictions or grid constraints that impact our facilities; • challenges to maintain appropriate and acceptable manufacturing controls; and • higher than anticipated overhead and other operational costs. If we are unable to maintain our facilities in China at full operational status with qualified workers, appropriate manufacturing controls and reasonable cost levels, we may incur costs higher than our current expense levels, which would affect our gross margins and operating expenses. In addition, if capacity restraints result in significant delays in product shipments, our business and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 14 Table of Contents Our business has been and may be significantly impacted by worldwide economic conditions, in particular changing economic conditions in China. Our operations and performance depend significantly on global economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slowing growth, recession, stagflation, new or increased tariffs and other barriers to trade, tighter credit, higher interest rates, currency fluctuations, higher unemployment, labor shortages, lower capital expenditures by businesses, and lower consumer confidence and spending, have in the past, and could in the future, have a material adverse effect on logistics, demand for our products, and our product and operational costs. For example, to the extent there are economic uncertainties, some of our customers may cancel, decrease or delay their existing and future orders with us, which could impact our financial results and make our forecasting much more difficult. Demand for our products is a function of the health of the economies in the U.S., Europe, China and the rest of Asia. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic disruptions, such as those resulting from global economic uncertainties, changes to trade laws and policies by the U.S. administration, and current and potential global conflicts, or the rate or magnitude of economic recovery worldwide, in our industry, or in the different markets that we serve. We also may not accurately assess the impact of changing market and economic conditions on our business and operations, resulting in excess or insufficient inventory, increased costs, inability to forecast and adverse effects on our financial condition or operating results. These and other economic factors could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products, and on our financial condition and operating results. In particular, since we have significant operations in China, our business development plans, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected by significant political, social and economic developments in China or in U.S./China relations. The current stagnation in China’s economy has adversely impacted, and could further adversely impact, our customers, prospective customers, suppliers, distributors and partners in China, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We and many of our manufacturing partners and suppliers are subject to extensive Chinese government regulations, and the benefit of various incentives from Chinese governments that we and many of our manufacturing partners and suppliers receive may be reduced or eliminated, which could increase our costs or limit our ability to sell products and conduct activities in China. The Chinese government has broad discretion and authority to regulate the technology industry in China. Additionally, the Chinese government has implemented policies from time to time to regulate economic activities in China. It exercises significant control over China’s economy through the allocation of resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Any additional regulations or the amendment, or reinterpretation of previously implemented regulations could require us and our manufacturing partners and suppliers to change our business plans, increase our costs, or limit our ability to manufacture or sell products and conduct business activities in China, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. The Chinese provincial and local governments have also provided, and may continue to provide, various incentives to encourage the development of the semiconductor industry in China. Such incentives include cash awards, tax rebates, reduced tax rates, favorable lending policies and other measures, some or all of which may be available to our manufacturing partners, suppliers and us. Any of these incentives could be reduced or eliminated by governmental authorities at any time, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Uncertainties with respect to China’s legal system, including uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws, and sudden or unexpected changes in policies, laws and regulations in China could materially and adversely affect our operations. China’s legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil law system may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Since China’s legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations and enforcement of these laws and regulations are not always uniform and involve uncertainties. In addition, any new or amended laws and regulations related to foreign investments, manufacturing or other matters could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to operate business in China. From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights. Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Since China’s administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory provisions and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection than those that may be provided in other jurisdictions. These uncertainties or adverse rulings may impede our ability to enforce contracts in China and could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Furthermore, China’s legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis, or at all, and may have retroactive effects. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of any of these policies and rules until some time after the violation may have occurred. Such unpredictability regarding our contractual, property and procedural rights and any failure to quickly respond to changes in the regulatory environment in China could materially and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations and execute on our business plans in China. 15 Table of Contents We are subject to export laws, trade policies and restrictions including international tariffs that could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are subject to U.S. laws and regulations that could limit or restrict the export of some of our products, supplies and services and may restrict our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other individuals, including, in certain cases, dealings with or between us and our employees and subsidiaries. In certain circumstances, export controls and economic sanctions may prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies, and in other circumstances we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. Compliance with these laws and regulations has not materially limited our operations or our sales, but could in the future, which would materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We maintain an export compliance program, but our compliance controls could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities, sanctions and restrictions on our business. We must also comply with export restrictions and laws imposed by other countries affecting trade and investments. Although these restrictions and laws have not materially restricted our operations in the past, they could do so in the future, which would materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, U.S. laws and regulations and sanctions, or threat of sanctions, that could limit or restrict the export of some of our products and services may also encourage our customers to develop their own solutions to replace our products, or seek to obtain a greater supply of similar or substitute products from our competitors that are not subject to these restrictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our customers’ end products and systems that incorporate our components could be subject to export laws, trade policies and other sales restrictions, which could indirectly affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. For example, the increasing focus on the risks and strategic importance of AI technologies has resulted in regulatory restrictions that target products and services capable of enabling or facilitating AI, and may in the future result in additional restrictions impacting the sales of AI technologies or products. Any of such regulatory restrictions could, in turn, impact the sales of our products supporting AI applications. We are also subject to U.S. laws restricting or prohibiting investments in certain countries, that may harm our ability to purchase from, invest in, or collaborate with, companies in those countries and could subject us to fines, penalties or other enforcement action. There have been several rounds of U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods that have taken effect in the past few years, as well as additional tariffs imposed by the U.S. administration in 2025, some of which prompted, and could prompt additional, retaliatory Chinese tariffs on U.S. goods. The institution of trade tariffs both globally and between the U.S. and China specifically carries the risk of negatively affecting both countries’ overall economic condition, as well as our business and financial results. If these tariffs continue or additional tariffs are imposed in the future, they could have a negative impact on us as we have significant operations in China and the U.S. Additionally, the imposition of tariffs is dependent upon the classification of goods under the U.S. Harmonized Tariff System (“HTS”) and the country of origin of the goods. Determination of the HTS and the origin of the goods is a technical matter that can be subjective in nature. Accordingly, although we believe our classifications of both HTS and origin are appropriate, there is no certainty that our assessment will be consistent with that of the U.S. government. If the U.S. government does not agree with our determinations, we could be required to pay additional amounts, our ability to sell products in the U.S. may be restricted or eliminated, we may be required to change our suppliers or supply routes and we may incur substantial additional costs or potential penalties. We face political and other risks conducting business in Taiwan and Hong Kong, particularly due to their tense relationships with China. We have significant business operations in Taiwan, and many of our manufacturing partners, suppliers and customers are located in Taiwan. Accordingly, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be affected by changes in governmental and economic policies in Taiwan, social instability and diplomatic and social developments in or affecting Taiwan due to its unique international political status. Although Taiwan and China have significant economic and cultural relations, we cannot assure that relations between Taiwan and China will not face political, military or economic challenges or actions in the future. Any deterioration in the relations between Taiwan and China, and other factors affecting military, political or economic conditions in Taiwan or elsewhere in Asia, could disrupt our business operations and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, the Chinese government has promulgated various laws and regulations impacting economic and political stability within Hong Kong where many of our customers are located. Due to the sensitive political climate these laws and regulations created, there are risks that these laws and regulations, or future, more stringent laws or regulations, may trigger sanctions or other forms of restrictions by foreign governments including the U.S., which could affect companies, including us, conducting business in Hong Kong. It is difficult for us to predict the impact, if any, the implementation of these laws and regulations will have on our business, as such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies, including the Renminbi, may adversely affect our results of operations. Many of our manufacturing and other suppliers are and will continue to be primarily located in China for the foreseeable future. Recently, there has been an increased level of global currency fluctuation and volatility. If the value of the Renminbi rises against the U.S. Dollar, there could be an increase in our manufacturing costs relative to competitors who have manufacturing facilities located outside China, which could adversely affect our financial results and operations. In addition, our sales are primarily denominated in the U.S. Dollar. If the value of the U.S. Dollar rises against other currencies, it may adversely affect the demand for our products in international markets, which could negatively and materially impact our business and results of operations. We incur foreign currency exchange gains or losses related to certain transactions, including intercompany transactions between the U.S. and our foreign subsidiaries, that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies used by those subsidiaries. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies could increase the amount of foreign currency exchange losses we record, which could have an adverse and material impact on our results of operations. 16 Table of Contents A significant portion of our manufacturing, testing, assembly and packaging capacity comes from suppliers in China, which exposes us to political, cultural, regulatory, economic, foreign exchange, operational risks and capacity shortage risks. A significant portion of our manufacturing, testing, assembly and packaging capacity comes from key suppliers located in China. As a result, we are subject to significant political, regulatory, tax, economic, foreign exchange, and operational risks due to this geographic concentration in our business. Although we have made significant progress in diversifying capacity outside of China, there is no guarantee that our progress is sufficient or will be sufficient to mitigate these risks. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that our new manufacturing, testing, assembly and packaging partners will not be costlier than our legacy partners in China. In addition, as we pivot our manufacturing, testing, assembly and packaging capacity concentration from China to another region, we will be subject to the risks of doing business in that particular region. If we decide to further diversify our capacity, it could be costly due to lost pricing benefits from production volume, as well as the time and cost to qualify new partners. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the quality of the products from new suppliers will be acceptable to us, or that these suppliers will be able to meet our demand. Risks Associated with Product Demand and Sales We may not achieve growth rates or financial performance comparable to past years. In the past, our revenue increased significantly in certain years due to increased sales of certain of our products. We are subject to numerous risks and factors that could cause a decrease in our growth rates, or a decline in revenue compared to past periods, including increased competition, loss of, or reductions in demand or the growth rate of demand from, certain of our customers, unfavorable changes in our operations, changing technologies and customer requirements and demand, reduced global electronics demand, a deterioration in market conditions including as a result of the global economic uncertainties and tariffs, end customer market downturns, market acceptance and penetration of our current and future products, and litigation. A decrease in our rate of growth, or a decline in revenue, could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. If demand for our products declines in the major end markets that we serve, our revenue will decrease and our results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. We believe that the application of our products in the storage and computing, enterprise data, automotive, industrial, communication and consumer end markets will continue to account for the majority of our revenue. If we are not able to accurately predict new end markets to serve or if the demand for our products declines in certain of our current major end markets, our revenue would decrease compared to prior year periods and our results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. In addition, as technology evolves, the requirement to integrate the functionalities of various components, including our discrete semiconductor products, onto a single chip and/or onto other components of systems containing our products increases. Should our customers require integrated solutions that we do not offer, or if our products cannot be integrated effectively into changing technological requirements of our customers, demand for our products could decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. Due to the nature of our business as a component and solution supplier, we may have difficulty both in accurately predicting our future revenue and appropriately managing our expenses. Because we provide components and solutions for end products and systems, demand for our products is influenced by our customers’ end product demand. As a result, we may have difficulty in accurately forecasting our revenue and expenses. Our expenses and revenue depend on the timing, size, and speed of commercial introductions of end products and systems that incorporate our products, all of which are inherently difficult to forecast, as well as the ongoing demand for previously introduced end products and systems. In addition, demand for our products is influenced by our customers’ ability to manage their inventory. Our sales to distributors are also subject to higher volatility because they service demand from multiple levels of the supply chain which, in itself, is inherently difficult to forecast. All of these factors continue to be exacerbated by the adverse effects of macroeconomic factors, including inflation, increased interest rates, decreased economic output, fluctuations in currency rates, geopolitical tensions, global tariffs and retaliatory measures and announcements regarding the same. If our customers reduce their orders from us, do not manage their inventory correctly or misj

=== MPWR_2026-05-04.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 under the heading “Risk Factors.” When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially and adversely affected. There have been no material changes to our risk factors since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. 29 Table of Contents Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities In February 2025, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to $500.0 million of our common stock through February 2028. Shares are retired upon repurchase. We did not make any repurchases under this program during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Stock repurchases under the program may be made through open market repurchases, privately negotiated transactions, or other structures, in accordance with applicable state and federal securities laws, at times and in amounts as management deems appropriate. The timing and the number of shares of any repurchased common stock will be determined by our management based on the evaluation of market conditions, legal requirements, stock price, and other factors. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any particular number of shares and may be suspended, modified, or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information Certain of our executive officers and directors have entered into trading plans pursuant to Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A trading plan is a written document that pre-establishes the amounts, prices and dates (or formula for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of our common stock, including the sale of shares acquired pursuant to the Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, amended and restated, and upon vesting of RSUs. The following table summarizes the adoption of trading plans intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Name and Title Adoption Date Plan Duration Intended Sale Amount (in shares) Deming Xiao , Executive Vice President, Global Operations February 20, 2026 Through February 19, 2027 Up to 120,000 The following table summarizes the termination of trading plans intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Name and Title Termination Date Original Plan Duration Intended Sale Amount (in shares) Sold Amount (in shares) Deming Xiao , Executive Vice President, Global Operations February 9, 2026 Through November 13, 2026 Up to 80,976 - During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no trading plans intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) were modified, and no other written trading arrangements that are not intended to qualify for the Rule 10b5-1(c) affirmative defense were adopted, modified, or terminated. 30 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1+ Transition Agreement with former Chief Financial Officer. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. * This exhibit shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. 31 Table of Contents MONOLITHIC POWER SYSTEMS, INC SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. MONOLITHIC POWER SYSTEMS, INC. Dated: May 4, 2026 By: /s/ Robert Dean Robert Dean Interim Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 32 