=== MPWR_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Except as required by law, we disclaim any duty, and undertake no obligation, to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information relating to existing conditions, future events or otherwise or to release publicly the results of any future revisions we may make to forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and entail significant risks. Readers should carefully review future reports and documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), such as our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to the terms Monolithic Power Systems, MPS, Registrant, the Company, we, us, or our as used herein are references to Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 6 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business General Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. is a fabless global company that provides high-performance, semiconductor-based power electronics solutions. Incorporated in 1997, our three core strengths include deep system-level knowledge, strong semiconductor design expertise, and innovative proprietary technologies in the areas of semiconductor processes, system integration, and packaging. These combined advantages enable us to deliver reliable, compact, and monolithic solutions found in storage and computing, enterprise data, automotive, industrial, communications and consumer applications. Our mission is to reduce energy and material consumption to improve all aspects of quality of life and create a sustainable future. We believe that we differentiate ourselves by offering solutions that are more highly integrated, smaller in size, more energy-efficient, more accurate and more reliable with respect to performance specifications and, consequently, more cost-effective than many competing solutions. We plan to continue to introduce new products within our existing product families, as well as new, innovative products that expand our market. We have over 4,500 employees worldwide, with various locations in Asia, Europe and the U.S. Industry and Product Overview Semiconductors comprise the basic building blocks of electronic systems and equipment. Within the semiconductor industry, components can be classified either as discrete devices, such as individual transistors, or integrated circuits ( ICs ), in which a number of transistors and other elements are combined to form a more complicated electronic circuit. ICs can be further divided into three primary categories: digital, analog, and mixed-signal. Digital ICs, such as memory devices and microprocessors, can store or perform arithmetic functions on data that is represented by a series of ones and zeroes. Analog ICs, in contrast, handle real world signals such as temperature, pressure, light, sound, or speed. In addition, analog ICs also perform power management functions, such as regulating or converting voltages, for electronic devices. Mixed-signal ICs combine digital and analog functions onto a single chip and play an important role in bridging real world applications to digital systems. We focus on the market for high performance analog and mixed-signal solutions. High performance products generally are differentiated by functionality and performance factors, which include integration of higher levels of functionality into a single chip or module, greater precision, better power efficiency and density, higher speed, and lower heat and noise. There are several key factors that distinguish the analog and mixed-signal IC markets from digital IC markets. These factors include longer product life cycles, numerous market segments, technology that is difficult to replicate, relative complexity of design and process technologies, importance of experienced design engineers, lower capital requirements and diversity of end markets. We have targeted product and market areas that we believe allow us to operate at above-average growth over the long term compared to the semiconductor industry as a whole. End Markets and Applications We design and develop our products for the storage and computing, enterprise data, automotive, communications, consumer, and industrial end markets. Storage and computing was our largest end market in 2025, closely followed by enterprise data. The following table is a summary of the various key end market applications for our products, and those markets contribution as a percentage of our total revenue for the periods presented: Percentage of Total Revenue End Markets Applications 2025 2024 2023 Storage and Computing Memory, storage solutions, notebooks, and graphics cards 26.3 % 22.7 % 27.0 % Enterprise Data Cloud-based and on-premises CPU servers and workstations, and artificial intelligence ( AI ) systems 25.2 % 32.5 % 17.7 % Automotive Advanced driver assistance systems, infotainment, USB connectors, body electronics, motion control, and lighting systems 21.2 % 18.8 % 21.7 % Communications Network infrastructure, satellite communications, optical modules, switches, and other wireless solutions 11.1 % 10.2 % 11.3 % Consumer Home appliances, gaming, smart TVs, lighting, monitors, and stereos 9.1 % 9.1 % 12.9 % Industrial Power sources, industrial meters, security, and other industrial equipment 7.1 % 6.7 % 9.4 % 7 Table of Contents Product Families Our proprietary process and packaging technologies enable us to design and deliver smaller, single-chip power management solutions. These technologies simplify the design process and are applicable across a wide range of analog applications within the storage and computing, enterprise data, automotive, communications, consumer, and industrial end markets. Our key product families include, but are not limited to, the Direct Current ( DC ) to DC, Alternating Current ( AC ) to DC, driver metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor, power management IC, current limit switch and lighting control products. Our product families are differentiated from those of our competitors with respect to their high degree of integration and strong levels of accuracy, power efficiency, quality and longevity, making them cost-effective and more sustainable relative to many competing solutions. For example, DC to DC solutions are used to convert and control voltages within a broad range of electronic systems, such as cloud-based and on-premises CPU servers and workstations, AI systems, memory, storage solutions, notebooks, infotainment, power sources, home appliances, network infrastructure and satellite communications. We believe our DC to DC products are differentiated in the market, particularly with respect to their high degree of integration, high voltage operation, high load current, high switching speed, small footprint, and high energy efficiency. These features are important to our customers as they are designed to result in fewer components that need to be produced and consumed, a smaller form factor, more accurate regulation of voltages, lower power consumption and, ultimately, lower system cost, increased reliability and lower carbon emissions through the elimination of many discrete components and power devices. In the future, we plan to continue to introduce new products within our existing product families, as well as in new innovative product categories. Our ability to achieve revenue growth will depend, in part, upon our ability to continue to innovate while fulfilling our customers evolving needs, enter new market segments, obtain design wins, grow our sales in a diversified way across regions, expand our customer base and continue to secure manufacturing capacity. Customers, Sales and Marketing We have sales offices in various locations in Asia, Europe and the U.S. Our products typically require a highly technical sales and applications engineering effort where we assist our customers in the design and use of our products in their application. We maintain a staff of applications engineers who work directly with our customers engineers in the development of their systems electronics containing our products. Once we secure our product positioning through our technical sales and applications engineering efforts, we then sell our products to end customers primarily through third-party distributors and value-added resellers. Our third-party distributors are subject to distribution agreements with us, which allow the distributors to sell our products to end customers and other resellers. Our resellers may second source other products and provide other services to customers. In 2025, three distributors accounted for 26%, 18% and 10% of our total revenue. In 2024, two distributors accounted for 31% and 20% of our total revenue. In 2023, three distributors accounted for 26%, 19% and 10% of our total revenue. No other direct customers accounted for more than 10% of our full-year, total revenue in any of the periods presented. Current distribution agreements with several of our major distributors provide that each of them has the non-exclusive right to sell and shall use its best efforts to promote and develop our products in various markets. These agreements provide that payment for purchases from us will generally occur within 30 to 90 days from the date of invoice. In addition, we allow for limited stock rotation in certain agreements. Because our worldwide sales are primarily billed and payable in U.S. dollars, the reporting of our sales is not subject to fluctuating currency exchange rates. However, because a majority of our revenue is attributable to sales to customers in Asia, increases in the relative value of the dollar may create pricing pressures for our products. Our revenue from sales to customers in Asia was 92%, 94% and 87% of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our sales are made primarily pursuant to standard individual purchase orders. Our backlog consists of orders that we have received from customers that have not yet shipped. Because orders in backlog may be subject to cancellation or postponement, and backlog at any particular date is not necessarily representative of actual sales for any succeeding period, we believe that our backlog may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of future revenue. Typical supply chain lead times for orders are generally 16 to 26 weeks. We often build inventory in advance based on our forecast of future customer orders. This subjects us to certain risks, most notably the possibility that sales will not meet our forecast, which could lead to inventories in excess of demand. If excess inventory exists, it may be necessary for us to sell it at a substantial discount, take a significant write-down or dispose of it altogether, any of which would negatively affect our profit margins. In addition, in response to market conditions, we may slow the rate of manufacturing our products, which could result in insufficient inventory levels and reduced sales if we underestimate the demand for our products. Research and Development We have assembled a qualified team of engineers in various locations in Asia, Europe and the U.S. with core competencies in analog and mixed-signal design. Through our research and development efforts, we have developed a collection of intellectual property and know-how that we are able to leverage across our products and markets. These include the development of high efficiency power devices, the design of precision analog circuits and systems, expertise in mixed-signal design, packaging and solution development, integration and the development of proprietary semiconductor process technologies. Our research and development efforts are generally targeted at three areas: systems architecture, circuit design and implementation, and process and packaging technologies. In the area of systems architecture, we are exploring new ways of solving our customers system design challenges and are investing in the development of systems expertise in new markets and applications that align well with our core capabilities. In the area of circuit design and implementation, our initiatives include expanding our portfolio of products and adding new features to our products. In the area of process and packaging technologies, we are investing in research and development resources to provide leading-edge analog power processes for our next generation of ICs, as well as innovative packaging technologies for integrated solutions. We believe process technologies are key strategic components to our future growth. 8 Table of Contents Our growth is fueled by our customers need for our power-efficient solutions. Consequently, we focus on continually improving the energy efficiency of our products in our research and development efforts in all three targeted areas. Our products are principally positioned to achieve lower power loss and enable significant reductions in circuit board space by shrinking or eliminating many passive components that are otherwise needed by competitors offerings. In addition, the life cycles of our products are typically over 10 years, reducing the manufacturing needs and associated carbon emissions associated with the production of replacement products. Patents and Intellectual Property Matters We rely on our proprietary technologies, which include both our proprietary circuit designs for our products and our proprietary manufacturing process technologies. Our future success and competitive position depend in part upon our ability to obtain and maintain protection of our proprietary technologies. In general, we have elected to pursue patent protection for aspects of our circuit and device designs that we believe are patentable and to protect our manufacturing process technologies by maintaining those process technologies as trade secrets. As of December 31, 2025, we had 2,231 patents/applications issued or pending, of which 654 patents have been issued in the U.S. Our issued patents are scheduled to expire at various times through December 2045. Our patents are material to our business, but we do not rely on any one particular patent for our success. We also rely on a combination of nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions, as well as our employees commitment to confidentiality and loyalty, to protect our technology, know-how and processes. We also seek to register certain of our trademarks as we deem appropriate. We have not registered any of our copyrights and do not believe registration of copyrights is material to our business. Despite precautions that we take, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy aspects of our current or future technology or products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. There can be no assurance that the steps we take are adequate to protect our proprietary rights, that our patent applications will lead to issued patents, that others will not develop or patent similar or superior products or technologies, or that our patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others. Furthermore, the laws of the countries in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in the U.S. Our failure to adequately protect our proprietary technologies could materially harm our business. The semiconductor industry is characterized by frequent claims of infringement and litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Patent infringement is an ongoing risk, in part because other companies in our industry could have patent rights that may not be identifiable when we initiate development efforts. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, and we may have to defend ourselves against infringement claims. Such litigation can be very costly and may divert our management resources. Further, we have agreed to indemnify certain of our customers and suppliers in some circumstances against liability from infringement by our products. In the event any third party were to make an infringement claim against us or our customers, we could be enjoined from selling selected products, could be required to indemnify our customers or suppliers, or could pay royalties or other damages to third parties. If any of our products are found to infringe and we are unable to obtain necessary licenses or other rights on acceptable terms, we would either have to change our product so that it does not infringe or stop making the infringing product, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. Manufacturing We utilize a fabless business model, working with third parties to manufacture, assemble and test our ICs. This fabless approach allows us to focus our engineering and design resources on our strengths and to reduce our fixed costs and capital expenditures. In contrast to many fabless semiconductor companies, which utilize standard process technologies and design rules established by their foundry partners, we have developed our own proprietary process and packaging technologies and collaborate with our foundry partners to install our technologies on equipment in their facilities for use on our behalf. This close collaboration and control over the manufacturing process have historically resulted in favorable yields and product performance for our ICs. We maintain a diversified and adaptable supply chain. We currently contract with several suppliers to manufacture our wafers in foundries located in China, Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore. Once our silicon wafers have been produced, they are shipped to facilities in China, Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia and South Korea that we and our partners utilize for wafer sort, which is a testing process performed to identify non-functioning dies. Our semiconductor products are then assembled and packaged by independent subcontractors in China, Taiwan, Malaysia and South Korea. The assembled ICs are then sent for final testing to facilities in China, Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia and South Korea that we and our partners utilize prior to shipping to our customers. The manufacturing facilities we utilize in Asia enable us to benefit from shorter manufacturing cycle times and lower labor and overhead costs. We have expanded our product testing capabilities in these facilities and are able to take advantage of the rich pool of local engineering talent to expand our manufacturing support and engineering operations. In addition, diversifying our manufacturing footprint across multiple countries helps mitigate operational risks and enhances our ability to adapt and maintain continuity. Competition The analog and mixed-signal semiconductor industry is highly competitive, and we expect competitive pressures to continue. Our ability to compete effectively and to expand our business will depend on our ability to continue to recruit both applications engineering and design engineering personnel, our ability to introduce new products, our ability to maintain the rate at which we introduce these new products, and our ability to meet our end customers energy efficiency goals. Our industry is characterized by decreasing average selling prices over the life of a product. We compete with domestic and international semiconductor companies, many of which have substantially greater financial and other resources with which to pursue engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of their products. In some cases, our competitors have a broader number of product offerings that may enable them to more effectively market and sell to customers and engage sales partners. We are in direct and active competition, with respect to one or more of our product lines, with several manufacturers of such products. We consider our primary competitors to include Analog Devices, Infineon Technologies, NXP Semiconductors, ON Semiconductor, Power Integrations, Renesas Electronics, ROHM Semiconductor, Semtech, STMicroelectronics and Texas Instruments. 9 Table of Contents We expect continued competition from existing competitors as well as competition from new entrants into the semiconductor market. We believe that we are competitive in the markets in which we sell because our ICs and solutions are typically smaller in size, are highly integrated with lower energy consumption, and achieve higher performance specifications than most of our competitors. However, there is no assurance that our products will continue to compete favorably or that we will be successful in the face of increasing competition from new products introduced by existing competitors or new companies entering our markets. In addition, there has historically been a high level of consolidation in the semiconductor industry. If these or future acquisitions are successful, competition may intensify, as our competitors add resources with which to compete against us. We operate in the cyclical semiconductor industry. While we are subject to industry downturns, we have targeted product and market areas that we believe allow us to operate at above average industry performance levels over the long term. Government Regulations We are subject to international, federal and local legislation, regulations, and other requirements relating to the discharge of substances into the environment; the treatment, transport, and disposal of hazardous wastes; recycling and product packaging; worker health and safety; and other activities affecting the environment, our workforce, and the management of our manufacturing operations and research and development. We believe that our operations and facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and worker health and safety laws. We and our supply chain, including the end products which contain our products, are also subject to import/export controls, tariffs, and other trade-related regulations and restrictions in the countries in which we, our supply chain or the providers of such end products, have operations or otherwise do business. Government regulations and import/export controls can be complex and are subject to change in the future, in some cases unexpectedly, and accordingly, we are unable to assess the possible effect on our business and financial results of compliance with future requirements. Our efforts to comply with these government regulations could have material impacts on our capital expenditures, operating expenses, revenue, margins, resource allocation, operations, competitive position, or financial condition, and the magnitude and duration of such impacts are uncertain and difficult to quantify. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of material risks related to government policies and regulations on environmental laws, international trade policies and restrictions, including tariffs on imports of foreign goods and regulations restricting the export of goods and services between the U.S. and China. Human Capital Management Our performance is substantially dependent on the performance of our executive officers and key employees. Due to the relative complexity of the design of our analog and mixed-signal ICs, our engineers generally have many years of experience and greater circuit design aptitude. Analog engineers with advanced skills are limited in number and difficult to replace. The loss of the services of key officers, managers, engineers and other technical personnel would materially harm our business. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract, train, retain, and motivate highly qualified technical and managerial personnel, and there can be no assurance we will be successful. As of December 31, 2025, we employed 4,501 employees in various locations in Asia, Europe and the U.S., compared with 4,017 employees as of December 31, 2024. Certain employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. We have never experienced an employee-based work stoppage or strike. We strive to maintain a culture that encourages innovation and create a workplace that values a broad range of skill sets and experience, a healthy and safe environment, and professional growth opportunities: We continue to recruit and sponsor talent from a broad candidate pool through various university recruitment programs and partnerships. We provide unconscious bias training to promote an environment of inclusivity. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind and have policies for reporting concerns or violations. We are an equal-opportunity employer, and we make employment decisions based on merit and business needs. Our total compensation packages are competitive, fair, and structured to encourage employees to invest in our future. We also sponsor a 401(k) retirement savings plan for our U.S. employees with matching employer contributions. We provide employees with access to various learning tools and resources to explore their interests and develop their business skills and knowledge. We have occupational health and safety management systems and environmental management plans in place. They include our standards for chemical and hazardous waste management, rules on the use of personal protective equipment, and safety training plans. Our largest testing facilities in Chengdu, China are ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certified. We support the well-being of our employees. In certain offices, we offer onsite flu and vaccine shot clinics and other annual health checkups and workshops. Our largest facilities have amenities including fitness centers, sport courts and private rooms for nursing. We also offer free exercise classes, strength training and yoga in some of our offices. 10 Table of Contents Available Information Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports that are filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge. They may be obtained from our website at www.monolithicpower.com under Investor Relations as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such documents with, or furnish them to, the SEC, or at the SEC website at www.sec.gov. We also make available on our website certain corporate documents and policies, including the charters for our audit committee, compensation committee, and nominating and corporate governance committee, our code of ethics, our director voting policy and our code of social responsibility. In addition, we will disclose on our website any amendments to, or waivers from, our code of ethics. We also disclose on our website our report on the environment, social responsibility and governance. Information contained on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information About Executive Officers Information regarding our executive officers as of February 27, 2026 is as follows: Name Age Position Michael Hsing 66 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Bernie Blegen (1) 68 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Deming Xiao 63 Executive Vice President, Global Operations Maurice Sciammas 66 Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing Saria Tseng 55 Executive Vice President, Strategic Corporate Development, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (1) Effective immediately following the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Mr. Blegen will cease to serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Rob Dean, our current Corporate Controller, will commence serving as the Interim Chief Financial Officer at that time. Michael Hsing founded MPS in 1997 and currently serves as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors. Prior to founding MPS, Mr. Hsing was a Senior Silicon Technology Developer at several analog IC companies, where he developed and patented key technologies, which set new standards in the Power Electronics industry. In 2004, Mr. Hsing took the company through its IPO. Under his leadership, we are constantly creating cutting-edge products to improve the quality of life with green, easy-to-use systems solutions. Bernie Blegen currently serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2016 and is responsible for finance, accounting, tax, treasury and investor relations. From August 2011 to March 2016, Mr. Blegen served as our Corporate Controller, and from March 2016 to July 2016, as our interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Blegen joined us with more than 25 years of experience in corporate strategy, mergers and acquisitions, tax, finance and accounting in the semiconductor, software and publishing industries. Prior to joining us, Mr. Blegen held a number of executive finance and accounting positions for other publicly traded technology companies, including Xilinx, Inc. and Credence Systems. Mr. Blegen holds a B.A. from the University of California, Santa Barbara. Deming Xiao currently serves as our Executive Vice President of Global Operations. He served as our President of Asia Operations since January 2008. Since joining us in May 2001, Mr. Xiao held several executive positions, including Foundry Manager and Senior Vice President of Operations. Before joining us, from June 2000 to May 2001, Mr. Xiao was Engineering Account Manager at Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc. Prior to that, Mr. Xiao spent 6 years as Manager of Process Integration Engineering at Fairchild Imaging Sensors. Mr. Xiao holds a B.S. in Semiconductor Physics from Sichuan University, Chengdu, China and an M.S.E.E. from Wayne State University. Maurice Sciammas currently serves as our Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing. Mr. Sciammas joined us in July 1999 and served as Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing until he was appointed to his current position. Before joining us, he was Director of IC Products at Supertex from 1990 to 1999. He has also held positions at Micrel, Inc. He holds a B.S.E.E. degree from San Jose State University. Saria Tseng currently serves as Executive Vice President, Strategic Corporate Development, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. She has served as our Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since 2004 and additionally as our Vice President, Strategic Corporate Development since 2009. Ms. Tseng joined the Company from MaXXan Systems, Inc., where she was Vice President and General Counsel from 2001 to 2004. Previously, Ms. Tseng was an attorney at Gray Cary Ware Freidenrich, LLP and Jones, Day, Reavis Pogue. Ms. Tseng is a member of the state bar in both California and New York and is a member of the bar association of the Republic of China (Taiwan). Ms. Tseng holds Master of Laws degrees from the University of California at Berkeley and the Chinese Culture University in Taipei. 11 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the material risks described below. This section should be read in conjunction with all the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize from time to time, then our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results, and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In such an event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties may arise that could also harm our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results, and growth prospects. Our past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. These risks include those related to forward-looking statements and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Risk Factors Summary The following summary description sets forth an overview of the material risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities. The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full risk factor discussion immediately following this summary description. We encourage you to read the full risk factor discussion carefully. Our revenue and expenses are difficult to predict, have varied significantly in the past, and could fluctuate significantly in the future due to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. As a result, we may not be profitable on a quarterly or annual basis. Our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as your investment in our common stock, could be materially and adversely affected by any of the following material risks: our dependence on the markets in Asia for our customer base, which may expose us to political, cultural, regulatory, economic, foreign currency and operational risks; inherent risks associated with the operation in China, which could increase product costs or cause a delay in product shipments; changes in general economic conditions in the countries where our products are sold or used, particularly those in China; the impact of extensive Chinese government regulations, reduction or elimination of incentives, and uncertainties with respect to China s legal system, on us and our manufacturing partners and suppliers; changes in international trade policy, such as tariffs on imports of foreign goods and regulations restricting the export of goods and services, between the U.S. and China or other countries; political and other risks in Taiwan and Hong Kong due to their tense relationships with China; fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies, including the Renminbi; our reliance on key suppliers in China, which may expose us to political, cultural, regulatory, economic, foreign exchange, operational and capacity shortage risks; our ability to achieve growth rates or financial performance comparable to past years; changes in general demand for electronic products in the end markets that we serve; our ability to accurately forecast sales and expenses due to the nature of our business as a component supplier; our ability to timely develop and introduce new products, and the acceptance of our new products in the marketplace; our dependency on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue; potential product liability risks due to defects or failures to meet specifications; lengthy sales cycles for our products balanced against the fixed nature of a substantial portion of our expenses; availability of adequate manufacturing capacity from our suppliers, and our ability to increase product sales in spite of capacity challenges; 12 Table of Contents increases in unanticipated costs as a result of increasing manufacturing capacity; our dependency on third-party suppliers for wafer purchases and other key components, and potential increases in prices for such materials due to general capacity shortages; our ability to deliver products on a timely basis despite disruptions in our relationships with assembly and test subcontractors; our ability to manage our inventory levels, including the levels of inventory held by our distributors; increases in manufacturing costs due to commodity price increases; the highly cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry, and increased competition due to industry consolidation; competition from companies with greater financial and technological resources, and customers developing products internally; the impact of system upgrades, cyberattacks or other system security, data protection and privacy breaches on our business operations; our significant investment of resources in research and development that may not result in increased future sales; our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of any business acquisitions and other strategic investments; the impact of new tax laws and interpretations of those laws on our tax provision and tax planning; examination of our income tax returns, which could result in changes in effective tax rates or other adverse outcomes; the complexity of certain accounting areas; risks in connection with our internal control over financial reporting, the identified material weakness and the restatement of our prior financial statements; our failure to comply with various governmental laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws, export control laws, environmental laws, regulation and reporting standards related to environmental, social and governance ( ESG ); our ability to successfully defend ourselves in legal proceedings and protect our intellectual property, and the significant increase in legal expenses as a result of such proceedings; risks in connection with the use of open source code software; the loss of key personnel and our ability to retain key employees to maintain or upgrade our business systems and maintain internal controls; risks associated with owning our stock, including volatility in our trading price due to our business and financial performance, analyst downgrades, failure to meet our own or analyst expectations, short positions in our common stock, changes to our stock repurchase or dividend program, and dilution from issuance of additional shares; and economy and geopolitical uncertainties and risks associated with business continuity in the event of natural or other disasters including pandemics, war, climate crises and other natural disasters. 13 Table of Contents Risks Associated with Our Significant Operations in Asia, Particularly in China We derive most of our revenue from direct or indirect sales to customers in Asia and have significant operations in Asia, which may expose us to political, cultural, regulatory, economic, foreign exchange, and operational risks. We derive most of our revenue from customers located in Asia through direct sales or indirect sales under distribution arrangements and value-added reseller agreements with parties located in Asia. As a result, we are subject to significant risks due to this geographic concentration of business and operations. For the year ended December 31, 2025, 92% of our total revenue was from customers in Asia. There are risks inherent in doing business in Asia, and internationally in general, including: changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements or restrictions, including tax and trade laws in the U.S., and in the countries in which we manufacture or sell our products, and governmental action or restrict our ability to sell to foreign customers where sales of products may require export licenses; trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. related to goods imported from regions in China with records of forced labor and other human rights issues; changes in U.S. laws, or the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, regarding investment in China or other countries; fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies, which could affect the competitiveness of our products; transportation delays and other supply chain issues; changes in tax regulations in China that may impact our tax status in Chengdu, Hangzhou and other regions where we have significant operations; multi-tiered distribution channels that may diminish visibility to end customer pricing and purchasing patterns; international political relationships and acts or threats of war; terrorism and threats of terrorism; adverse weather conditions or other natural disasters that may cause work stoppages and affect our operations in China; work stoppages due to economic, social and political instability; longer accounts receivable collection cycles; currency exchange rate fluctuations impacting intercompany transactions; enforcing contracts; and less effective protection of intellectual property and contractual arrangements. If we fail to expand our customer base and significantly reduce the geographic concentration of our customers, we will continue to be subject to the foregoing risks, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There are inherent risks associated with the operation of our manufacturing and testing facilities in China, which could increase product costs or cause a delay in product shipments. We have manufacturing and testing facilities in China. We face the following risks, among others, with respect to our operations in China: challenges to hire and maintain a qualified workforce; natural disasters such as earthquakes, flooding, severe heatwaves or droughts, which could result in power outages, water restrictions or grid constraints that impact our facilities; challenges to maintain appropriate and acceptable manufacturing controls; and higher than anticipated overhead and other operational costs. If we are unable to maintain our facilities in China at full operational status with qualified workers, appropriate manufacturing controls and reasonable cost levels, we may incur costs higher than our current expense levels, which would affect our gross margins and operating expenses. In addition, if capacity restraints result in significant delays in product shipments, our business and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 14 Table of Contents Our business has been and may be significantly impacted by worldwide economic conditions, in particular changing economic conditions in China. Our operations and performance depend significantly on global economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slowing growth, recession, stagflation, new or increased tariffs and other barriers to trade, tighter credit, higher interest rates, currency fluctuations, higher unemployment, labor shortages, lower capital expenditures by businesses, and lower consumer confidence and spending, have in the past, and could in the future, have a material adverse effect on logistics, demand for our products, and our product and operational costs. For example, to the extent there are economic uncertainties, some of our customers may cancel, decrease or delay their existing and future orders with us, which could impact our financial results and make our forecasting much more difficult. Demand for our products is a function of the health of the economies in the U.S., Europe, China and the rest of Asia. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic disruptions, such as those resulting from global economic uncertainties, changes to trade laws and policies by the U.S. administration, and current and potential global conflicts, or the rate or magnitude of economic recovery worldwide, in our industry, or in the different markets that we serve. We also may not accurately assess the impact of changing market and economic conditions on our business and operations, resulting in excess or insufficient inventory, increased costs, inability to forecast and adverse effects on our financial condition or operating results. These and other economic factors could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products, and on our financial condition and operating results. In particular, since we have significant operations in China, our business development plans, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected by significant political, social and economic developments in China or in U.S./China relations. The current stagnation in China s economy has adversely impacted, and could further adversely impact, our customers, prospective customers, suppliers, distributors and partners in China, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We and many of our manufacturing partners and suppliers are subject to extensive Chinese government regulations, and the benefit of various incentives from Chinese governments that we and many of our manufacturing partners and suppliers receive may be reduced or eliminated, which could increase our costs or limit our ability to sell products and conduct activities in China. The Chinese government has broad discretion and authority to regulate the technology industry in China. Additionally, the Chinese government has implemented policies from time to time to regulate economic activities in China. It exercises significant control over China s economy through the allocation of resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Any additional regulations or the amendment, or reinterpretation of previously implemented regulations could require us and our manufacturing partners and suppliers to change our business plans, increase our costs, or limit our ability to manufacture or sell products and conduct business activities in China, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. The Chinese provincial and local governments have also provided, and may continue to provide, various incentives to encourage the development of the semiconductor industry in China. Such incentives include cash awards, tax rebates, reduced tax rates, favorable lending policies and other measures, some or all of which may be available to our manufacturing partners, suppliers and us. Any of these incentives could be reduced or eliminated by governmental authorities at any time, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Uncertainties with respect to China s legal system, including uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws, and sudden or unexpected changes in policies, laws and regulations in China could materially and adversely affect our operations. China s legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil law system may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Since China s legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations and enforcement of these laws and regulations are not always uniform and involve uncertainties. In addition, any new or amended laws and regulations related to foreign investments, manufacturing or other matters could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to operate business in China. From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights. Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Since China s administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory provisions and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection than those that may be provided in other jurisdictions. These uncertainties or adverse rulings may impede our ability to enforce contracts in China and could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Furthermore, China s legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis, or at all, and may have retroactive effects. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of any of these policies and rules until some time after the violation may have occurred. Such unpredictability regarding our contractual, property and procedural rights and any failure to quickly respond to changes in the regulatory environment in China could materially and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations and execute on our business plans in China. 15 Table of Contents We are subject to export laws, trade policies and restrictions including international tariffs that could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are subject to U.S. laws and regulations that could limit or restrict the export of some of our products, supplies and services and may restrict our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other individuals, including, in certain cases, dealings with or between us and our employees and subsidiaries. In certain circumstances, export controls and economic sanctions may prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies, and in other circumstances we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. Compliance with these laws and regulations has not materially limited our operations or our sales, but could in the future, which would materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We maintain an export compliance program, but our compliance controls could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities, sanctions and restrictions on our business. We must also comply with export restrictions and laws imposed by other countries affecting trade and investments. Although these restrictions and laws have not materially restricted our operations in the past, they could do so in the future, which would materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, U.S. laws and regulations and sanctions, or threat of sanctions, that could limit or restrict the export of some of our products and services may also encourage our customers to develop their own solutions to replace our products, or seek to obtain a greater supply of similar or substitute products from our competitors that are not subject to these restrictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our customers end products and systems that incorporate our components could be subject to export laws, trade policies and other sales restrictions, which could indirectly affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. For example, the increasing focus on the risks and strategic importance of AI technologies has resulted in regulatory restrictions that target products and services capable of enabling or facilitating AI, and may in the future result in additional restrictions impacting the sales of AI technologies or products. Any of such regulatory restrictions could, in turn, impact the sales of our products supporting AI applications. We are also subject to U.S. laws restricting or prohibiting investments in certain countries, that may harm our ability to purchase from, invest in, or collaborate with, companies in those countries and could subject us to fines, penalties or other enforcement action. There have been several rounds of U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods that have taken effect in the past few years, as well as additional tariffs imposed by the U.S. administration in 2025, some of which prompted, and could prompt additional, retaliatory Chinese tariffs on U.S. goods. The institution of trade tariffs both globally and between the U.S. and China specifically carries the risk of negatively affecting both countries overall economic condition, as well as our business and financial results. If these tariffs continue or additional tariffs are imposed in the future, they could have a negative impact on us as we have significant operations in China and the U.S. Additionally, the imposition of tariffs is dependent upon the classification of goods under the U.S. Harmonized Tariff System ( HTS ) and the country of origin of the goods. Determination of the HTS and the origin of the goods is a technical matter that can be subjective in nature. Accordingly, although we believe our classifications of both HTS and origin are appropriate, there is no certainty that our assessment will be consistent with that of the U.S. government. If the U.S. government does not agree with our determinations, we could be required to pay additional amounts, our ability to sell products in the U.S. may be restricted or eliminated, we may be required to change our suppliers or supply routes and we may incur substantial additional costs or potential penalties. We face political and other risks conducting business in Taiwan and Hong Kong, particularly due to their tense relationships with China. We have significant business operations in Taiwan, and many of our manufacturing partners, suppliers and customers are located in Taiwan. Accordingly, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be affected by changes in governmental and economic policies in Taiwan, social instability and diplomatic and social developments in or affecting Taiwan due to its unique international political status. Although Taiwan and China have significant economic and cultural relations, we cannot assure that relations between Taiwan and China will not face political, military or economic challenges or actions in the future. Any deterioration in the relations between Taiwan and China, and other factors affecting military, political or economic conditions in Taiwan or elsewhere in Asia, could disrupt our business operations and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, the Chinese government has promulgated various laws and regulations impacting economic and political stability within Hong Kong where many of our customers are located. Due to the sensitive political climate these laws and regulations created, there are risks that these laws and regulations, or future, more stringent laws or regulations, may trigger sanctions or other forms of restrictions by foreign governments including the U.S., which could affect companies, including us, conducting business in Hong Kong. It is difficult for us to predict the impact, if any, the implementation of these laws and regulations will have on our business, as such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies, including the Renminbi, may adversely affect our results of operations. Many of our manufacturing and other suppliers are and will continue to be primarily located in China for the foreseeable future. Recently, there has been an increased level of global currency fluctuation and volatility. If the value of the Renminbi rises against the U.S. Dollar, there could be an increase in our manufacturing costs relative to competitors who have manufacturing facilities located outside China, which could adversely affect our financial results and operations. In addition, our sales are primarily denominated in the U.S. Dollar. If the value of the U.S. Dollar rises against other currencies, it may adversely affect the demand for our products in international markets, which could negatively and materially impact our business and results of operations. We incur foreign currency exchange gains or losses related to certain transactions, including intercompany transactions between the U.S. and our foreign subsidiaries, that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies used by those subsidiaries. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies could increase the amount of foreign currency exchange losses we record, which could have an adverse and material impact on our results of operations. 16 Table of Contents A significant portion of our manufacturing, testing, assembly and packaging capacity comes from suppliers in China, which exposes us to political, cultural, regulatory, economic, foreign exchange, operational risks and capacity shortage risks. A significant portion of our manufacturing, testing, assembly and packaging capacity comes from key suppliers located in China. As a result, we are subject to significant political, regulatory, tax, economic, foreign exchange, and operational risks due to this geographic concentration in our business. Although we have made significant progress in diversifying capacity outside of China, there is no guarantee that our progress is sufficient or will be sufficient to mitigate these risks. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that our new manufacturing, testing, assembly and packaging partners will not be costlier than our legacy partners in China. In addition, as we pivot our manufacturing, testing, assembly and packaging capacity concentration from China to another region, we will be subject to the risks of doing business in that particular region. If we decide to further diversify our capacity, it could be costly due to lost pricing benefits from production volume, as well as the time and cost to qualify new partners. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the quality of the products from new suppliers will be acceptable to us, or that these suppliers will be able to meet our demand. Risks Associated with Product Demand and Sales We may not achieve growth rates or financial performance comparable to past years. In the past, our revenue increased significantly in certain years due to increased sales of certain of our products. We are subject to numerous risks and factors that could cause a decrease in our growth rates, or a decline in revenue compared to past periods, including increased competition, loss of, or reductions in demand or the growth rate of demand from, certain of our customers, unfavorable changes in our operations, changing technologies and customer requirements and demand, reduced global electronics demand, a deterioration in market conditions including as a result of the global economic uncertainties and tariffs, end customer market downturns, market acceptance and penetration of our current and future products, and litigation. A decrease in our rate of growth, or a decline in revenue, could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. If demand for our products declines in the major end markets that we serve, our revenue will decrease and our results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. We believe that the application of our products in the storage and computing, enterprise data, automotive, industrial, communication and consumer end markets will continue to account for the majority of our revenue. If we are not able to accurately predict new end markets to serve or if the demand for our products declines in certain of our current major end markets, our revenue would decrease compared to prior year periods and our results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. In addition, as technology evolves, the requirement to integrate the functionalities of various components, including our discrete semiconductor products, onto a single chip and/or onto other components of systems containing our products increases. Should our customers require integrated solutions that we do not offer, or if our products cannot be integrated effectively into changing technological requirements of our customers, demand for our products could decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. Due to the nature of our business as a component and solution supplier, we may have difficulty both in accurately predicting our future revenue and appropriately managing our expenses. Because we provide components and solutions for end products and systems, demand for our products is influenced by our customers end product demand. As a result, we may have difficulty in accurately forecasting our revenue and expenses. Our expenses and revenue depend on the timing, size, and speed of commercial introductions of end products and systems that incorporate our products, all of which are inherently difficult to forecast, as well as the ongoing demand for previously introduced end products and systems. In addition, demand for our products is influenced by our customers ability to manage their inventory. Our sales to distributors are also subject to higher volatility because they service demand from multiple levels of the supply chain which, in itself, is inherently difficult to forecast. All of these factors continue to be exacerbated by the adverse effects of macroeconomic factors, including inflation, increased interest rates, decreased economic output, fluctuations in currency rates, geopolitical tensions, global tariffs and retaliatory measures and announcements regarding the same. If our customers reduce their orders from us, do not manage their inventory correctly or misjudge their customers demand, our shipments to and orders from our customers may vary significantly or decline on a quarterly basis, and we may have difficulty forecasting our expenses and inventory levels, which could reduce our revenue or revenue opportunities, result in inventory write-offs, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may be unsuccessful in developing and selling new products with margins similar to, or better than, what we have experienced in the past, which could impact our overall gross margin and financial performance. Our success depends on our development and sale of products that are differentiated in the market, with gross margins that have historically been above industry averages. Should we fail to improve or maintain our gross margins in the future, and accordingly develop and introduce sufficiently differentiated products that result in higher gross margins than industry averages or meet or exceed our historical margins, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We may be unsuccessful in developing and selling new products or in penetrating new markets required to maintain or expand our business. Our competitiveness and future success depend on our ability to design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis. A fundamental shift in technologies in any of our product markets could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position within these markets. Our failure to timely develop new technologies or to react quickly to changes in existing technologies could materially delay our development of new products, which could result in product obsolescence, decreased revenue, and/or a loss of market share to competitors. As we develop new product lines, we must adapt to market conditions that may be unfamiliar to us, such as competitors and distribution channels that are different from those we have known in the past. Some of our new product lines require us to re-equip our labs to test parameters we have not tested in the past. If we are unable to adapt rapidly to these new conditions, we may not be able to successfully penetrate new markets. The success of a new product depends on our ability to achieve design wins with key distributors and end customers, as well as our ability to accurately forecast long-term market demand and future technological developments, as well as on a variety of other factors, including: timely and efficient completion of process design and device structure improvements; 17 Table of Contents timely and efficient implementation of manufacturing, assembly, and test processes; the ability to secure and effectively utilize fabrication capacity in different geometries; product performance; integration with other components and technologies; product availability and pricing; product quality and reliability; and effective marketing, sales and services. To the extent that we fail to timely obtain design wins, introduce new products or to quickly penetrate new markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The loss of any significant distributors, value-added resellers or direct or indirect customers, or failure to collect accounts receivable from them could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. We market our products either through distribution arrangements and value-added resellers, or through our direct sales to customers. A relatively small number of distributors account for a significant portion of our revenues. Specifically, our top three customers, all of which are distributors, accounted for an aggregate of 54%, 61% and 55% of our revenue in the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Concentration in a small number of distributors increases our exposure to their credit profiles, inventory practices, covenant constraints, and strategic priorities, any of which can amplify order volatility or returns. If we lose a major customer or a major customer changes their products or technologies or chooses to purchase our competitors products such that they decrease, or eliminate the amount of our products they purchase, and we are not able to replace such customers with additional orders from other customers, this could result in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Significant deterioration in the liquidity or financial condition of any of our major customers or any group of our customers could have a material adverse impact on the collectability of our accounts receivable and our financial condition and operating results. While we could partner with other distributors or value-added resellers to replace any of our customers, the change in business partners could interrupt our operations, require us to identify and qualify new partners, and have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, we believe a high percentage of our products are eventually sold to a number of original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and original design manufacturers ( ODMs ). Although we communicate with OEMs and ODMs to achieve design wins, which are decisions by OEMs and ODMs to incorporate our products, we do not have purchase commitments from these customers. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the OEMs and ODMs will continue to incorporate our ICs into their products, even if we may have secured a design win with them. OEM and ODM technical specifications and requirements can change rapidly, and we may not have products that fit new specifications from an end customer for whom we have had previous design wins. We cannot be certain that we will continue to achieve design wins from large OEMs and ODMs, or that the OEMs and ODMs will be successful in selling products that incorporate our ICs. Furthermore, we may not be able to maintain or increase sales to our key direct or indirect customers for other reasons, including: many of our customers have pre-existing or concurrent relationships with our current or potential competitors, including, in some cases, suppliers with a broader array of products than we offer, that may affect our customers decisions to purchase our products; our customers face intense competition from other manufacturers that do not use our products; our customers may be subject to investigations and litigation that could result in injunctive or other relief that negatively impacts sales of their products, which in turn would result in a decrease in demand for our products; and our customers regularly evaluate alternative sources of supply in order to diversify their supplier base, which could result in lower sales of our products or a decrease in growth of sales of our products, and increase their negotiating leverage with us. A material reduction in orders, or rumors or threats of same, by any of our significant direct or indirect customers, could reduce our revenue, cause a decline in our stock price, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our products must meet specifications, and undetected defects and failures may occur, which may cause customers to return or stop buying our products and may expose us to product liability risk. Our customers generally establish demanding specifications for quality, performance, energy efficiency and reliability that our products must meet. ICs as complex as ours often encounter development delays and may contain undetected defects or failures when first introduced or after commencement of commercial shipments, which might require product replacement or recall. Further, our third-party manufacturing processes or changes thereto, or changes in the materials used in the manufacturing processes may cause our products to fail. From time to time, we have experienced product quality, performance or reliability problems. Our standard warranty period is generally one or two years, which exposes us to significant risks of claims for defects and failures. If defects and failures occur in our products, we could experience a loss of revenue and/or customers, increased costs, including warranty expense and costs associated with customer support, cancellations or rescheduling of orders or shipments, and product returns or discounts, any of which would harm our operating results. In addition, product liability claims may be asserted by our customers. Although we currently have insurance, there can be no assurance that we have obtained sufficient insurance coverage or that asserted claims will be within the scope of coverage. Our insurance providers could deny or challenge these claims, and as a result, reimbursement to us is not guaranteed or could be delayed. If coverage is denied, we may not have sufficient resources to pay for these claims. Furthermore, we may experience a significant increase in premiums and therefore decide to self-insure, which may not meet the expectations or requirements of certain customers, and could result in significant costs to us. All of these factors could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Because of the lengthy sales cycles for our products and the fixed nature of a significant portion of our expenses, we may incur substantial expenses before we earn associated revenue and may not ultimately achieve our forecasted sales for our products. The introduction of new products presents significant business challenges because product development plans and expenditures may be made up to two years or more in advance of any sales. It generally takes us up to 12 months or more for us to design and manufacture a new product prototype. Only after we have a prototype do we introduce the product to the market and begin selling efforts in an attempt to achieve design wins. This sales process requires us to expend significant sales and marketing resources without any assurance of success. Volume production of products that use our ICs, if any, may not be achieved for an additional period of time after an initial sale. Sales cycles for our products are lengthy for a number of reasons, including: our products must be designed to operate with and into our customers products or systems, which usually includes an in-depth technical evaluation of our products by our customers before they place a purchase order; delays attributable to the development of our customers products; and delays attributable to commercial adoption by our end customers upon the initial release of our products in order for our customers to evaluate product performance and consumer demand. As a result of our lengthy sales cycles, we may incur substantial expenses before we earn associated revenue because a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed and based on expected revenue. The lengthy sales cycles of our products also make forecasting the volume and timing of orders difficult. In addition, the delays inherent in lengthy sales cycles raise additional risks that customers may cancel or change their orders, particularly as our customers are exposed to economic risks in connection with global economic uncertainty and political tensions, including tariffs, or move to another supplier, in whole or in part, as well as the risks inherent in introducing new products or entering new markets. Our sales are made by purchase orders. Because industry practice allows customers to reschedule or cancel orders on relatively short notice, backlog is not always a good indicator of our future sales. If customer cancellations or purchase order changes occur, we could lose anticipated sales. Furthermore, if our customers cancel orders after we submit a committed forecast to our suppliers, we may be required to purchase supplies or materials that we are unable to resell or utilize in our other products, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Associated with Supply and Manufacturing Our ability to increase product sales and revenue may be constrained by the manufacturing capacity of our suppliers. Although we provide our suppliers with rolling forecasts of our production requirements, their ability to provide wafers to us is limited by their available capacity, particularly capacity in the geometries we require, at the facilities in which they manufacture wafers for us. This lack of capacity has at times constrained our product sales and revenue growth. In addition, an increased need for capacity to meet internal demands or demands of other customers could cause our suppliers to reduce capacity available to us. Our suppliers may also require us to pay amounts in excess of contracted or anticipated amounts for wafer deliveries or require us to make other concessions in order to acquire the wafer supply necessary to meet our customer requirements. Such concessions can include long term capacity reservations, prepayments, take or pay terms, or tool funding, which may increase working capital needs and reduce flexibility across product cycles. If our suppliers extend lead times, limit supplies or the types of capacity we require, or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors, our revenues and our gross margin may materially decline in the future. In addition, if we experience supply delays or limitations, our customers may reduce their purchase levels with us and/or seek alternative solutions to meet their demand, which could materially and adversely impact our revenue and results of operations. There may be unanticipated costs associated with increasing our third-party suppliers manufacturing capacity. We anticipate that future growth of our business will require increased manufacturing capacity from our third-party supply foundries, assembly shops, and testing facilities. In order to facilitate such growth, we may need to enter into strategic transactions, investments and other activities, with both our current suppliers and new suppliers. The need for additional manufacturing, assembly and testing involves numerous risks, including: the costs associated with such increased capacity, including requirements to make long-term purchase commitments including upfront cash deposits to our suppliers; the availability of modern foundries to be developed, acquired, leased or otherwise made available to us or our third-party suppliers; the ability of foundries and our third-party suppliers to obtain the advanced equipment used in the production of our products; delays in identifying and negotiating agreements with new foundries and suppliers; and environmental, engineering or manufacturing qualification problems relating to existing or new foundry facilities, including delays in qualification of new foundries by our customers. These and other risks may affect the ultimate cost and timing of any expansion of our third-party supplier capacity. If our manufacturing costs increase, including as a result of inflationary pressure and global tariffs, or we experience supply constraints, we may be required to raise the prices of our products to remain profitable, which could result in a loss of customers or a decline in orders from customers. If we are unable to increase or maintain our manufacturing capacity, we may be unable to meet demand, which would harm our revenue and results of operations and may result in a loss of customers as they seek supply from other sources. 19 Table of Contents We currently depend on third-party suppliers to provide us with wafers and other key components for our products. If any of our suppliers are acquired, become insolvent or capacity constrained, or are otherwise unable to provide us with sufficient wafers and other key components at acceptable yields or at anticipated costs, our revenue and gross margin may decline or we may not be able to fulfill our customer orders. While certain aspects of our relationships with these suppliers are contractual, many important aspects of our relationships depend on our suppliers continued cooperation and our management of such relationships with the suppliers. Our relationships could be negatively impacted by changes in control or changes in the management team of the suppliers. In addition, the fabrication of ICs is a highly complex and precise process. Problems in the fabrication process can cause a substantial percentage of wafers to be rejected or numerous ICs on each wafer to be non-functional. This could potentially reduce yields and supply of our products. The failure of our suppliers to provide wafers at acceptable yields could prevent us from fulfilling our customer orders and would likely cause a decline in our revenue. In addition, adverse macroeconomic conditions, such as inflationary pressures resulting from worldwide supply chain constraints and other factors, have increased, and may continue to increase, the prices we pay to our suppliers. As a result of the increased costs, we have raised, and may be required to further raise the prices of our products in order to remain profitable, which could result in a loss of customers and reduced revenue. If we are unable to increase our prices to reflect higher costs, our margins will decrease. We might not be able to deliver our products on a timely basis if our relationships with our assembly and test subcontractors are disrupted or terminated. We do not have direct control over product delivery schedules or product quality because all of our products are assembled by third-party subcontractors and a portion of our testing is currently performed by third-party subcontractors. Also, due to the amount of time typically required to qualify assembly and test subcontractors, we could experience delays in the shipment of our products if we were forced to find alternate third parties to assemble or test our products. In addition, current and potential global conflicts and supply chain disruptions may materially impact our assembly or testing suppliers ability to operate. Any future product delivery delays or disruptions in our relationships with our subcontractors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We purchase inventory in advance based on expected demand for our products, and if demand is not as expected, we may have insufficient or excess inventory, which could adversely impact our financial position. As a fabless semiconductor company, we purchase our inventory from third-party manufacturers. We place orders with our manufacturers based on existing and expected orders from our customers for particular products. While most of our contracts with our customers and distributors include lead time requirements and cancellation penalties that are designed to protect us from misalignment between customer orders and inventory levels, we must nonetheless make some predictions when we place orders with our manufacturers. Some of our customers and distributors may nevertheless cancel orders as a result of economic conditions, their own specific business challenges or for other reasons. In the event that our predictions are inaccurate due to unexpected increases in orders or unavailability of products within the timeframe that is required, we may have insufficient inventory to meet our customers demands. In addition, a negative trend in market conditions could lead us to decrease the manufacturing volume of our products to avoid excess inventory. If we inaccurately assess market conditions for our products, we could have insufficient inventory to meet our customer demands resulting in potential lost revenue. In the event that we order products that we are unable to sell due to a decrease in orders, unexpected order cancellations, injunctions due to patent litigation, import/export restrictions or product returns, we may have excess inventory which, if not sold, may need to be written down or would result in a decrease in our revenue in future periods as the excess inventory at our distributors is sold. If any of these situations were to arise, it could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The price and availability of commodities used in our products, such as gold, copper and silicon, may adversely impact our ability to deliver our products in a timely and cost-effective manner, and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. We work with our engineers and suppliers to continuously seek opportunities to reduce our product costs. However, the price and availability of these commodities is beyond our control. A significant increase in pricing or a decrease in the availability of these commodities that we use could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents Risks Associated with Industry Dynamics and Competition The highly cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry, which has resulted in significant and sometimes prolonged downturns, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Historically, the semiconductor industry has been highly cyclical and, at various times, has experienced significant downturns and wide fluctuations in supply and demand. Certain segments of the semiconductor market may experience significant downturns while other segments could be growing. These conditions have caused significant variances in product demand and production capacity, as well as rapid erosion of average selling prices, which have resulted, and could in the future result, in lower demand for our products, downward pressure on the price of our products, and/or increased inventory due to our customers delayed production schedule. Because a significant portion of our expenses are fixed in the short term or incurred in advance of anticipated sales, we may not be able to decrease our expenses in a timely manner to offset any sales shortfall. Any significant or prolonged downturns, whether in the overall semiconductor industry or in a specific market segment, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Industry consolidation may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results. The semiconductor industry has a history of consolidation as companies attempt to improve the leverage of growing research and development costs, strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry, or become unable to continue operations unless they find an acquirer or consolidate with another company. In addition, companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. We believe that semiconductor industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source suppliers of multiple products for customers. This could harm our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We compete against many companies with substantially greater financial and other resources, and our market share may decline if we are unable to respond to our competitors effectively. The analog and mixed-signal semiconductor industry is highly competitive, and we expect competitive pressures to continue. Our ability to compete effectively and to expand our business will depend on our ability to continue to recruit application and design engineers, introduce new products, and maintain the rate at which we introduce new products. We compete with domestic and foreign semiconductor companies, many of which have substantially greater financial and other resources with which to pursue engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of their products, and, in some cases, may have broader product offerings that enable them to more effectively market and sell to customers and engage sales partners. We are in direct and active competition with many manufacturers of varying size and financial strength. The number of our competitors has grown due to the expansion of the market segments in which we participate. We cannot guarantee that our products will continue to compete favorably, or that we will be successful in the face of increasing competition from new products and enhancements introduced by existing competitors or new companies entering our markets, which would materially and adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition. In addition, from time to time, governments may provide subsidies or make other investments that could give competitive advantages to competing semiconductor companies. For example, in August 2022, the U.S. enacted the CHIPS Act, which, among other things, provides funding to increase domestic production and research and development in the semiconductor industry. Because we operate a fabless business model, we are not eligible for such investments. Many of our competitors benefit from these and other investments, which helps increase their production capacities, shorten their lead times and gain market share. These competitive pressures could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may face competition from customers developing products internally. Our customers generally have substantial technological capabilities and financial resources. Some customers have traditionally used, and continue to use, these resources to develop their own products internally. The prospects for our products in these markets are dependent in part upon our customers acceptance of our products as an alternative to their internally developed products. Our future sales prospects also are dependent upon acceptance and qualification of third-party sourcing for products as an alternative to in-house development. Customers may continue to increase their use of internally developed components. They may also decide to develop or acquire components, technologies or products that are similar to, or that may be substituted for, our products, or acquire companies that compete with us. If any of these situations were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 21 Table of Contents Risks Associated with IT and Cybersecurity Implementation of enhanced enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) or other IT systems could result in significant disruptions to our operations. From time to time, we may implement new ERP software solutions or upgrade existing systems. Implementation of these solutions and systems is highly dependent on coordination of system providers and internal business teams. We may experience difficulties as we transition to these new or upgraded systems and processes, including system downtime causing interruptions in business operations. In addition, transitioning to these new systems may require significant capital investments and personnel resources. Difficulties in implementing new or upgraded information systems or any significant system failures could disrupt our operations and financial reporting, which could have a material adverse effect on our capital resources, financial condition or results of operations. Cybersecurity risks, data protection or privacy breaches, cyberattacks, systems integration issues and unauthorized use of AI tools could disrupt our internal operations and/or harm our reputation, and any such disruption or harm could cause a reduction in our expected revenue, increase our expenses, negatively impact our results of operation or otherwise adversely affect our stock price. Threat actors may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential and proprietary information, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns, among other things. Further, as AI capabilities improve, threat actors may quickly develop more sophisticated and convincing attacks. Cybersecurity incidents, attacks and threats are increasingly sophisticated, constantly evolving and originate from many sources globally and often cannot be recognized or understood until the target has already been attacked. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions and delays that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution, financial reporting or other critical functions. Despite our efforts to prevent these threats and disruptions to our information technology systems, these systems and those of our third-party providers may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from, among other causes, cybersecurity incidents, attacks, security breaches, power outages, system or operational failures or malware (including ransomware and other programs that operate with malicious intent). In the ordinary course of business, we store data on our internal systems, network and servers, such as proprietary intellectual property, business and financial information, and confidential data pertaining to our customers, suppliers and business partners. In addition, we also use third-party cloud services. Maintaining security of information on our and third-party networks and the protection features of the solutions and services we use are both critical to our operations and business strategy. We devote significant resources to network security, data encryption, and other security measures to protect the systems and data. However, these security measures cannot provide absolute security. Although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of the systems and solutions that we use, any destructive or intrusive breach could compromise our or third-party networks, creating system disruptions or slowdowns, and the information stored on our or third-party networks could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Remote working arrangements, current and potential global conflicts, and AI-powered cybersecurity threats have also heightened our potential exposure to cyberattacks, which could put the data we store on our internal or third-party systems at risk. If any of these types of cybersecurity incidents, security breaches, or other attacks were to occur and we were unable to protect our data, our reputation and relationships with our business partners and customers could be materially harmed, and we could be exposed to risks of litigation and possible significant liability. Portions of our IT infrastructure may also experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and our remediation efforts may be expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource-intensive. Such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders in a timely manner and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales or a loss of customers resulting from these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results and reputation. Unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access to, any personal information maintained by us or on our behalf, whether through breach of our systems, breach of the systems of our suppliers by an unauthorized party, or through employee error, theft or misuse, or otherwise, could harm our business. If any such unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access to, such personal information was to occur, our operations could be seriously disrupted, and we could be subject to demands, claims and litigation by private parties, and investigations and penalties by regulatory authorities. In addition, we could incur significant costs in notifying affected individuals and entities and otherwise complying with the multitude of foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, personal information. Finally, any perceived or actual unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, such information could harm our reputation and substantially impair our ability to attract and retain customers, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to manage and aggregate data may be limited by the effectiveness of our policies, programs, processes, systems and practices that govern how data is acquired, validated, used, stored, protected, processed and shared. Failure to manage data effectively and to aggregate data in an accurate and timely manner may limit our ability to manage current and emerging risks, as well as to manage changing business needs. While we attempt to restrict the use of third-party and open source AI tools, such as ChatGPT, our employees and consultants may use these tools on an unauthorized basis and our partners may also use these tools. Such use of AI tools poses potential risks relating to intellectual property and data protection, including cybersecurity risks, exposure of our proprietary information to unauthorized recipients, the misuse of our or third-party intellectual property, and the inability to cla