=== HWM_2026-04-06.htm.gz ===
tm261330-1_nonfiling - none - 20.5087779s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter to Our Shareholders DEAR HOWMET AEROSPACE SHAREHOLDERS: We are pleased to invite you to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Howmet Aerospace Inc., which will be held virtually via live webcast on Tuesday, May 19, 2026, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HWM2026 . We believe hosting a virtual Annual Meeting enables greater shareholder attendance and participation from any location around the world, improves meeting efficiency and our ability to communicate effectively with our shareholders, and reduces the cost and environmental impact of the Annual Meeting. We are pleased to present you with our 2026 Proxy Statement (the Proxy Statement ), which represents our continuing commitment to transparency, good governance and performance-based executive compensation, and reflects the input we have received during dialogue with our investors. We encourage you to read the Proxy Statement carefully and vote your shares in accordance with the instructions included herein. We also encourage you to review our 2025 Annual Report for more information on the Company s performance. We are proud of our progress and achievements in 2025 and are encouraged by the opportunities 2026 presents. Your vote is very important to us. Whether or not you will attend and participate in the Annual Meeting, we hope that your shares are represented and voted. In advance of the Annual Meeting on May 19, 2026, please cast your vote by internet, telephone, or mail. Instructions on how to vote are found in the section entitled Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting in the Proxy Statement. Thank you for being a shareholder of Howmet Aerospace. On behalf of the Board of Directors and employees of the Company, we appreciate your continued support. Sincerely, John C. Plant Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James F. Albaugh Independent Lead Director April 6, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders MEETING INFORMATION Logistics DATE AND TIME VIRTUAL MEETING RECORD DATE Tuesday, May 19, 2026 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HWM2026 Shareholders of record of Howmet Aerospace common stock as of the close of business on March 24, 2026 are entitled to vote at the meeting. ITEMS OF BUSINESS Agenda Board Recommendation See Page 1. Election of 9 Directors to Serve a One-Year Term Expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders FOR each nominee 6 2. Ratification of Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 FOR 42 3. Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation FOR 45 4. Transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof Shareholders will be able to virtually attend the Annual Meeting, vote their shares electronically and submit questions during the live webcast of the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HWM2026 and entering their 16-digit control number. Voting now at www.proxyvote.com will ensure your representation at the Annual Meeting regardless of whether you participate in our live webcast. If you have already voted, there is no need to vote again unless you wish to change your vote. VOTING Place your vote via Internet, 24/7, at www.proxyvote.com Call toll-free, 24/7, 1 (800) 690-6903 Sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction form by mail Attend the virtual meeting and vote online For further information about how to participate in the meeting via live webcast, and how to submit questions and vote your shares during the live webcast, please see the Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting and Additional Details Regarding the Virtual Annual Meeting sections of the proxy statement. A complete list of shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting will be available for examination during the meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HWM2026. On behalf of Howmet Aerospace s Board of Directors, Margaret S. Lam Associate General Counsel, Chief Securities and Governance Counsel and Assistant Secretary April 6, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents ii PROXY STATEMENT 1 PROXY SUMMARY 1 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 1 Voting Matters and Board Recommendations 1 How to Vote Your Shares 2 2025 Financial and Operating Highlights 3 Director Nominees 4 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Highlights 5 Executive Compensation Highlights 6 ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 7 Summary of Director Qualifications and Attributes 8 Director Nominees 16 Board Composition and Refreshment 16 Director Tenure Policy 17 Nominating Board Candidates Procedures and Director Qualifications 17 Minimum Qualification for Director Nominees and Board Member Attributes 17 Process of Evaluation of Director Candidates 17 Shareholder Recommendations for Director Nominees 18 Shareholder Nominations 19 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 19 Director Fees 20 Directors Alignment with Shareholders 20 Stock Ownership Guideline for Directors 21 Prohibitions against Short Sales, Hedging, Margin Accounts and Pledging 21 2025 Director Compensation 21 Director Deferral Program 22 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 24 The Structure and Role of the Board of Directors 24 Board Leadership Structure 25 The Board s Role in Company Oversight 26 The Board s Role in Risk Oversight 28 Committees of the Board 30 Board Meetings and Attendance 31 Director Orientation and Continuing Education 32 Board, Committee and Director Evaluations 32 Shareholder Engagement 34 Communications with Directors 34 Director Independence 34 Voting for Directors 35 Related Person Transactions 35 Review, Approval and Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 35 Transactions with Related Persons in 2025 36 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 36 Compensation Consultants 36 Recovery of Incentive Compensation 37 Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics 37 Our Corporate Governance Documents 38 ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 39 STOCK OWNERSHIP INFORMATION 39 Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 40 Stock Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 41 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 42 ITEM 2 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 43 Report of the Audit Committee 44 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 45 ITEM 3 ADVISORY APPROVAL OF EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 45 Compensation Committee Report 46 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 46 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 47 Summary of Key 2025 Inputs and Decisions 49 Compensation Philosophy and Design 55 2025 Annual Cash Incentive Compensation Plan Design, Targets and Results 56 2025 Long-Term Incentives 57 2025 Individual Compensation Arrangements and Performance-Based Pay Decisions 61 Compensation Tables 61 2025 Summary Compensation Table 62 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 63 2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 64 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 64 2025 Pension Benefits 65 2025 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 66 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 69 2025 CEO Pay Ratio 70 2025 Pay Versus Performance ( PvP ) 76 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTING 81 Additional Details regarding the Virtual Annual Meeting A-1 ATTACHMENTS A-1 Attachment A Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures for Audit and Non-Audit Services B-1 Attachment B Howmet Aerospace Inc. Peer Group Companies C-1 Attachment C Calculation of Financial Measures HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | i TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 19, 2026 The Company s Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K are available at www.proxyvote.com. The Board of Directors of Howmet Aerospace Inc. ( Howmet Aerospace or the Company ) is providing this Proxy Statement in connection with Howmet Aerospace s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on Tuesday, May 19, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HWM2026 . Shareholders may attend the virtual meeting, vote their shares and submit questions during the meeting. There will be no physical in-person meeting Proxy materials or a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ) are being first released to shareholders on or about April 6, 2026. In accordance with the rules and regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), instead of mailing a printed copy of the Company s proxy materials to each shareholder of record, the Company may furnish proxy materials by providing access to those documents on the internet. The Notice contains instructions on how to access our proxy materials and vote online, or in the alternative, request a paper copy of the proxy materials and a proxy card. Shareholders who do not receive the Notice will continue to receive either a paper or an electronic copy of our proxy materials. Forward-Looking Statements This Proxy Statement contains statements that relate to future events and expectations and as such constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include those containing such words as anticipates , believes , could , envisions , estimates , expects , forecasts , goal , guidance , intends , may , outlook , plans , projects , seeks , sees , should , targets , will , would , or other words of similar meaning. All statements that reflect the Company s expectations, assumptions or projections about the future, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements, forecasts and outlook relating to: the condition of markets; future financial results or operating performance; future strategic actions; the Company s strategies, outlook, and business and financial prospects; any future dividends, debt actions, and repurchases of its common stock; and statements regarding any planned or completed acquisitions, including the expected benefits and timing of such acquisitions. These statements reflect beliefs and assumptions that are based on the Company s perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors the Company believes are appropriate in the circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements. Such risks and uncertainties include the risk factors summarized in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Website References Links to websites included in this Proxy Statement are provided solely for convenience purposes. Contents on the websites, including content on our Company website, is not, and shall not be deemed to be part, or incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement or any of our filings with the SEC. ii | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary We provide below highlights of certain information in this Proxy Statement. As it is only a summary, please refer to the complete Proxy Statement and the 2025 Annual Report of Howmet Aerospace Inc. before you vote. 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Date and Time: Record Date and Voting: Tuesday, May 19, 2026 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time March 24, 2026 Howmet Aerospace shareholders as of the record date are entitled to vote. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters to be voted on. As of March 24, 2026, the record date for the Annual Meeting, there were 400,713,557 shares of common stock outstanding and expected to be entitled to vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting. There are no other securities of the Company outstanding and entitled to vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Virtual Meeting Live Webcast: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HWM2026 There will be no physical in-person meeting. Please see Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting on page 76 and Additional Details Regarding the Virtual Annual Meeting on page 81 for more details. Voting Matters and Board Recommendations The Board of Directors recommends that you vote as follows: Voting Matters Unanimous Board Recommendation Page Reference (for more detail) 1. Election of 9 Directors to Serve a One-Year Term Expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders FOR each nominee 6 2. Ratification of Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 FOR 42 3. Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation FOR 45 How to Vote Your Shares By Internet By Telephone By Mail During the Annual Meeting Place your vote via Internet, 24/7, at www.proxyvote.com Call toll-free from the U.S., U.S. territories or Canada, 24/7, 1 (800) 690-6903. Mark, Sign, Date and Return your proxy card or voting instruction form in the enclosed envelope. Attend the virtual 2026 Annual Meeting and vote online. See page 76 for instructions on how to attend and vote online. Beneficial Owners of Shares, who own shares through a bank, brokerage firm or other financial institution, can vote by returning the voting instruction form, or by following the instructions for voting via telephone or the internet, as provided by the bank, broker or other organization. HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary About Howmet Aerospace About Howmet Aerospace Howmet Aerospace is a leading global provider of advanced engineered solutions for the aerospace and transportation industries. The Company s primary businesses focus on jet engine components, aerospace fastening systems, and airframe structural components necessary for mission-critical performance and efficiency in aerospace and defense applications, as well as forged aluminum wheels for commercial transportation. Howmet Aerospace s technological capabilities support the innovation and growth of next-generation aerospace programs. Its differentiated technologies enable lighter, more fuel-efficient aircraft and commercial trucks to operate with a lower carbon footprint and support more sustainable air and ground transportation. Howmet Aerospace has four reportable segments, which are organized by product on a worldwide basis: 2025 Financial and Operating Highlights (in millions, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 Sales $ 8,252 $ 7,430 Net income $ 1,508 $ 1,155 Net income excluding special items* $ 1,533 $ 1,107 Adjusted EBITDA excluding special items* $ 2,416 $ 1,914 Cash provided from operations $ 1,884 $ 1,298 Cash used for financing activities $ (1,269 ) $ (1,026 ) Cash used for investing activities $ (438 ) $ (316 ) Free cash flow* $ 1,431 $ 977 Total assets $ 11,179 $ 10,519 Total liabilities $ 5,826 $ 5,965 Common stock outstanding (on December 31) 402 405 Per common share data Diluted earnings per share $ 3.71 $ 2.81 Diluted earnings per share excluding special items* $ 3.77 $ 2.69 Dividends paid per share $ 0.44 $ 0.26 * See Attachment C Calculation of Financial Measures for the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP (accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America) measures and management s rationale for the non-GAAP financial measures used. 2025 Sales by Segment 2025 Sales by Regional Destination 2 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Director Nominees Director Nominees Committee Memberships Other Current Public Company Boards Name and Professional Background Age HWM Director Since Independent Audit Compensation and Benefits Cybersecurity Finance Governance and Nominating JAMES F. ALBAUGH Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Commercial Airplanes, The Boeing Company 75 2017 AMY E. ALVING Former Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, Leidos Holdings, Inc. 63 2018 Versigent PLC. SHARON R. BARNER Former Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, Cummins Inc. 69 2021 JOSEPH S. CANTIE Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, ZF TRW 62 2020 Gates Industrial Corporation plc TopBuild Corporation ROBERT F. LEDUC Former President, Pratt Whitney 70 2020 AAR Corporation JetBlue Airways Corporation JODY G. MILLER Former Chief Executive Officer, Business Talent Group 68 2020 JOHN C. PLANT Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Howmet Aerospace Inc. 72 2016 Jabil Circuit Corporation Masco Corporation ULRICH R. SCHMIDT Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc. 76 2016 GUNNER S. SMITH Chief Executive Officer, Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc. 52 2023 COMMITTEE CHAIR COMMITTEE MEMBER EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN INDEPENDENT LEAD DIRECTOR AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT For more information, see the Item I Election of Directors and Corporate Governance sections. HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Highlights Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Highlights Howmet Aerospace is committed to improving our environmental footprint, creating a work environment where all employees can thrive, investing in the communities where we operate, and maintaining good governance practices. STRONG INDEPENDENT LEAD DIRECTOR The Board recognizes that in circumstances where the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) are combined, a strong and independent Lead Director with a clearly defined role and set of responsibilities is paramount for constructive and effective leadership. Howmet Aerospace s independent Lead Director has a clear mandate and significant authority and responsibilities. ANNUAL ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board of Directors is not a classified board; each director is elected annually for a one-year term. SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Our directors and executive officers are committed to meaningful engagement, communication and transparency with shareholders. The Company values direct and recurring engagement with our shareholders as part of our continuing efforts to create shareholder value, to refine our corporate governance practices and to address any shareholder concerns. PROXY ACCESS Shareholders may nominate director candidates to Howmet Aerospace s Board and include those nominees in Howmet Aerospace s Proxy Statement in accordance with the Company s Bylaws. SHAREHOLDERS RIGHT TO CALL SPECIAL MEETINGS Shareholders are permitted to call special meetings in accordance with the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. SHAREHOLDERS ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT Shareholders may act by written consent in accordance with the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. NO SUPERMAJORITY VOTING REQUIREMENTS The Certificate of Incorporation does not contain any provisions that require a supermajority vote of shareholders. COMMITMENT TO GOOD CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP The Company has a longstanding commitment to good corporate citizenship. The Board oversees and provides guidance to management on the Company s programs, initiatives and objectives that include corporate social responsibility, sustainability, ethics and compliance, health and safety, and human capital management. ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Key ESG metrics are reviewed on a regular basis, including quarterly updates with the CEO and senior leadership, and ESG goals and plans are reviewed at least annually. For more information, see the Environmental and Social Responsibility and Corporate Governance sections. 4 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Executive Compensation Highlights Executive Compensation Highlights The Compensation Discussion and Analysis section includes a discussion of the Company s compensation philosophy and design and 2025 compensation decisions. Howmet Aerospace s executive compensation philosophy is to provide pay for performance and align executive compensation with shareholder interests. Our 2025 compensation structure is based on the following principles: 1. Make equity long-term incentive compensation the most significant portion of total compensation for senior executives, and choose metrics, including relative total shareholder return, that are aligned with long-term company success, thereby increasing alignment between our executives incentives and shareholder value. 2. Choose annual incentive compensation metrics that focus management s actions on achieving the greatest positive impact on the Company s financial performance in support of the Company's business plan each year . 3. Set incentive targets that challenge management to achieve continuous improvement in performance and deliver long-term growth. 4. Target the market median for our executive compensation packages, while providing the opportunity to earn above-market pay for strong performance, and allowing for the flexibility to provide additional compensation for retention purposes as it relates to special circumstances or unique leadership talent and the need to ensure continued Company success. We are committed to executive compensation practices that drive performance, mitigate risk and align the interests of our leadership team with the interests of our shareholders. Best practices in 2025 included: What We Do What We Don t Do Pay for Performance No Guaranteed Bonuses Robust Stock Ownership Guidelines No Parachute Tax Gross-Ups Double-Trigger Change-in-Control Provisions No Short Sales, Derivative Transactions or Hedging Active Engagement with Shareholders No Dividends on Unvested Equity Awards Independent Compensation Consultant No Share Recycling or Option Repricing Conservative Risk Profile No Significant Perquisites Clawback Policy No Cash Severance Over 2.99x Base Salary and Target Bonus For more information, see the Executive Compensation section. HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Howmet Aerospace s Board of Directors (the Board ) currently comprises 9 members, led by Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John C. Plant and independent Lead Director James F. Albaugh. The Board strives to strike an appropriate balance of skills, experience and viewpoints in its composition. The Governance and Nominating Committee regularly considers the size and composition of the Board to determine whether the Board has the appropriate mix and range of backgrounds, perspectives, and expertise for effective oversight and to meet the evolving needs of the Company. If the Board concludes that an addition to the Board is warranted, the Governance and Nominating Committee will conduct a robust search for a director candidate in accordance with the considerations, criteria and process outlined in Board Composition and Refreshment and Nominating Board Candidates Procedures and Director Qualifications below. The Board, upon the recommendation of the Governance and Nominating Committee, has nominated the 9 incumbent directors to stand for re-election to the Board for a one-year term expiring on the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders: James F. Albaugh Joseph S. Cantie John C. Plant Amy E. Alving Robert F. Leduc Ulrich R. Schmidt Sharon R. Barner Jody G. Miller Gunner S. Smith Each of the director nominees was elected by shareholders at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that each of the 9 director nominees qualifies for election under the Company s criteria for evaluation of directors (see Minimum Qualifications for Director Nominees and Board Member Attributes on page 17 ). Included in each nominee s biography below is a description of the qualifications, experience, attributes and skills of such nominee. In addition, the Board of Directors has determined that each director nominee, except Mr. Plant (due to Mr. Plant s role as the Company s Chief Executive Officer), qualifies as an independent director under New York Stock Exchange corporate governance listing standards and the Company s Director Independence Standards. See Director Independence on page 34 . We expect that each director nominee will be able to serve, if elected. If any nominee should become unavailable to serve prior to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the persons named as proxies may vote for any person designated by the Board to replace the nominee. Alternatively, the proxies may vote for the remaining nominees and leave a vacancy that the Board may fill later, or the Board may reduce the authorized number of directors. The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of each of Mmes. Alving, Barner and Miller and Messrs. Albaugh, Cantie, Leduc, Plant, Schmidt and Smith. 6 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Summary of Director Qualifications and Attributes Summary of Director Qualifications and Attributes The Board of Directors seeks to build a board comprising of individuals with a variety of backgrounds, experiences, skills and viewpoints that contribute to the collective strength and effectiveness of the Board. The Governance and Nominating Committee considers various qualifications and attributes when reviewing candidates for the Board, in conjunction with assessing the Board s overall composition to best enable the effective governance of the Company for the long-term interest of shareholders. The Committee seeks to focus on characteristics that would complement the Board, recognizing that the Company s business and operations are varied and global in nature. Our directors backgrounds span a broad range of industries, including the aerospace, transportation and finance sectors, and bring a wide variety of skills and viewpoints that strengthens the Board s ability to carry out its oversight role. Director nominees are well-suited to oversee the Company s global operations and evolving business strategy. The matrix below is a summary of the range of skills and experiences that each director nominee brings to the Board. Background information about the director nominees, including their career highlights and qualifications, affiliations and attributes and skills that contribute to the Board s effectiveness, are described on the following pages. Skills and Experience ALBAUGH ALVING BARNER CANTIE LEDUC MILLER PLANT SCHMIDT SMITH Leadership Industry Global Experience Finance Strategy and Business Development Risk Oversight/Management Human Capital Innovation and Intellectual Property Information Technology and Cybersecurity Corporate Governance Legal, Regulatory and Government Contracting Environmental, Social and Corporate Responsibility Independence 89% of director nominees are independent Personal Demographics Female Representation Racial/Ethnic Representation Tenure Years on the Board (7 years average) 9 8 5 6 6 6 10 10 3 HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees Director Nominees JAMES F. ALBAUGH Age 75 Independent director since 2017 | Independent Lead Director since 2020 Board Committees Compensation and Benefits (Chair) Governance and Nominating Prior Public Company Directorships American Airlines Group Inc. (2013-2023) Goldman Sachs Acquisition Holdings (2018-2020) Harris Corporation (2016-2019) B/E Aerospace, Inc. (2014-2017) TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. (2006-2015) Career Highlights and Qualifications The Boeing Company ( Boeing ), a global aerospace company (1975-2012) President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing s Commercial Airplanes business unit (2009-2012) President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing s Integrated Defense Systems business unit (2002-2009) Various other executive positions, including President and Chief Executive of Space and Communications; President of Space Transportation; and member of Boeing s Executive Council (1998-2012) Electra.Aero, a next-gen aerospace company in sustainable urban and regional mobility Board Advisor (2022-Present) Industrial Development Funding, a global asset management firm Senior Advisor (2018-Present) Perella Weinberg Partners , a global advisory and asset management firm Senior Advisor (2016-2018) The Blackstone Group L.P. , a private equity and financial services firm Senior Advisor (2012-2016) Other Current Affiliations Board of Directors, Aloft Aeroarchitects (formerly PATS Aerospace) Board of Directors, Belcan Corporation Chairman, National Aeronautic Association Board of Trustees, Willamette University Board of Visitors, Columbia University The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Elected member, International Academy of Aeronautics Elected member, National Academy of Engineering Prior Affiliations President, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Chairman, Aerospace Industries Association Member, Air Force Association Member, Association of the United States Army Attributes and Skills Mr. Albaugh brings to the Board substantial experience in executive leadership, finance, strategic planning, business development, and global operations and management. He has a deep knowledge of and leadership experience in the aerospace, defense and space sectors, including with respect to complex systems, operations, contracts and governmental oversight, as well as experience in the investment industry. Mr. Albaugh s industry expertise and leadership roles, as well as public company board and corporate governance experience, enable him to provide valuable insight and perspectives and to lead the Board effectively as its Lead Director. 8 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees AMY E. ALVING Age 63 Independent director since 2018 Board Committees Cybersecurity Governance and Nominating Other Current Public Company Directorships Versigent PLC. Prior Public Company Directorships Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) (2013-March 2025) DXC Technology Company (2017-2023) Howmet Aerospace (then named Arconic Inc.) (November 2016- May 2017) Pall Corporation (2010- 2015, until acquired by Danaher Corporation) Career Highlights and Qualifications Leidos Holdings, Inc. (formerly Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC)), one of the nation s top defense sector providers of hardware, software and services (2005-2013) Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, responsible for the creation, communication and implementation of SAIC s technical and scientific vision and strategy (2007-2013, stepping down when the company separated into two smaller companies) United States Department of Defense Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , (DARPA) (1998-2005) Director of the Special Projects Office (SPO), where she was a member of the federal Senior Executive Service Deputy Director of the SPO United States Department of Commerce White House Fellow, serving as a senior technical advisor to the Deputy Secretary of Commerce (1997-1998) University of Minnesota (1990-1997) Taught Aerospace Engineering, including as a tenured Associate Professor Other Current Affiliations Member, Council on Foreign Relations Prior Affiliations Advisor, United States Department of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board Advisor, United States Department of Defense Defense Science Board Advisor, United States Department of the Army Army Science Board Board of Trustees, Princeton University Attributes and Skills Ms. Alving brings to the Board extensive technology, innovation, cybersecurity and risk oversight experience across multiple sectors, including aerospace, defense, and government. Ms. Alving was the Chief Technology Officer of one of the largest U.S. defense contractors; led a major element of the military s research and development enterprise; and was a tenured faculty member conducting original research at a major university. In addition to Ms. Alving s expertise in technology, science and engineering, which offers important insight to the Company, her service on other public company boards and with non-profit organizations provides our Board with the benefit of her perspectives on corporate governance and corporate responsibility . HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees SHARON R. BARNER Age 69 Independent director since 2021 Board Committees Compensation and Benefits Governance and Nominating (Chair) Prior Public Company Directorships Atmus Filtration Technologies Inc. (2023-2024) Walker Innovations Inc. (2015-2018) Career Highlights and Qualifications Cummins Inc. , a global power train and power solutions leader (2012-2025) Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer (2021-2025) and Corporate Secretary (2018-2022) Interim Chief Human Resources Officer (2022) Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (2012-2022) United States Department of Commerce Patent and Trademark Office Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Deputy Director, U.S Patent and Trademark Office, responsible for patent and trademark operations (2009-2011) Foley Lardner LLP ( Foley ) Attorney; held a number of leadership roles, including as a member of Foley s Executive Management Committee, chair of its Intellectual Property Department and chair of its Chicago Intellectual Property practice area (1996-2009) Other Current Affiliations Board of Directors, Eskenazi Health Foundation Board of Trustees, Syracuse University Prior Affiliations Board of Directors, Association of Corporate Counsel Board of Trustees, Foundation for Advancement of Diversity in Intellectual Property Law Attributes and Skills Ms. Barner brings a diverse skill set to the Board, including legal and intellectual property expertise, manufacturing industry knowledge, executive leadership, and risk and human capital management experience. Her senior leadership roles included responsibility for critical functions of a global company, including with respect to risk oversight, ethics and compliance, human resources, ESG, legal, regulatory, government contracting, strategy and business development. Ms. Barner s comprehensive background, intellectual property knowledge and recognized leadership enable her to bring valuable insights to the Board. 10 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees JOSEPH S. CANTIE Age 62 Independent director since 2020 Board Committees Audit Finance (Chair) Other Current Public Company Directorships Gates Industrial Corporation plc TopBuild Corporation Prior Public Company Directorships Summit Materials, Inc. (2016-2025) Delphi Technologies PLC (2017-2020) Aptiv PLC (formerly Delphi Automotive PLC) (2015-2017) Career Highlights and Qualifications ZF TRW , a division of ZF Friedrichshafen AG (ZF), a global automotive supplier (formerly known as TRW Automotive Holdings Corporation prior to its acquisition by ZF in 2015) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2003-2016) TRW Inc., a global aerospace, systems and automotive conglomerate Vice President, Finance, for the automotive business (2001-2003) Vice President, Investor Relations (1999-2001) LucasVarity PLC , an automotive parts manufacturer (1996-1999) Served in several executive positions, including as Vice President and Controller Varity Corporation , a global automotive parts and industrial conglomerate (1995-1996) Manager, Financial and Business Analysis KPMG (1985-1995) Certified Public Accountant Attributes and Skills Mr. Cantie brings to the Board valuable expertise in the areas of finance, enterprise risk management and manufacturing and automotive industry knowledge. His experience as a seasoned financial executive and leader with more than 25 years of global public company experience, provides him with an extensive understanding of matters relating to strategy and business development, financial operations, capital markets, mergers and acquisitions and investor relations. In addition, Mr. Cantie s current and prior service on the boards of several public companies, provides our Board with the benefits of his perspectives on corporate governance. Mr. Cantie qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees ROBERT F. LEDUC Age 70 Independent director since 2020 Board Committees Audit Cybersecurity Other Current Public Company Directorships AAR Corporation JetBlue Airways Corporation Career Highlights and Qualifications United Technologies Corporation (UTC, since renamed RTX Corporation) (UTC career spanning over 38 years) President of Pratt Whitney , a jet engine manufacturer (2016-April 2020) President of Sikorsky Aircraft (now owned by Lockheed Martin) (2015) President of Boeing Programs Space, UTC Aerospace Systems (2012-2015) President of Boeing 787, Space Systems U.S. Government Classified Programs (2010-2012) President of Flight Systems and Classified Programs at Hamilton Sundstrand (2004-2010) President of Large Commercial Engines and Chief Operating Officer at Pratt Whitney (2000-2004) Senior Vice President, Engine Programs Customer Support (1995-2000) Other Current Affiliations Co-Founder, Robert and Jeanne Leduc Center of Civic Engagement, University of Massachusetts, Dartmouth Prior Affiliations Board of Directors, Connecticut Science Center Consulting Partner, Advent International Attributes and Skills A recognized leader in the aerospace industry, Mr. Leduc received Aviation Week s Lifetime Achievement Award in 2020. Mr. Leduc brings to the Board deep experience in aerospace, from general aviation to commercial to defense to space, proven leadership skills, a track record of executing complex development programs and global management and operational expertise. With decades of senior leadership experience, he has significant knowledge of program execution, long-cycle investments, risk oversight, brand enhancement, talent management and customer value creation. In addition, Mr. Leduc brings valuable insights and perspectives on growth, strategy, managing through down cycles and capital market transactions. Mr. Leduc s expertise and current service on several public company boards provide our Board with an important perspective on critical aspects of the Company s business. 12 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees JODY G. MILLER Age 68 Independent director since 2020 Board Committees Compensation and Benefits Cybersecurity (Chair) Prior Public Company Directorships LKQ Corporation (2018-Janary 1, 2026) Capella Education Company (2001-2018) TRW Inc. (2005-2015) Career Highlights and Qualifications Business Talent Group (BTG), a global marketplace for high-end independent talent on demand Co-Founder and CEO (2007-June 2019) Co-CEO (July 2019-2022) Heidrick and Struggles, Inc. ( Heidrick ) , a global leadership advisory firm that acquired BTG in April 2021 Senior Advisor to Heidrick On-Demand Talent (2023) Maveron LLC , a venture capital firm Venture Partner (2000-2007) Americast , a digital video and interactive services joint venture with Walt Disney Company Held various positions, including as Acting President and Chief Operating Officer (1995-1999) United States Government White House: Special Assistant to the President during the Clinton Administration (1993-1995) White House Fellow at the Department of the Treasury (1990-1992) Began her career as an attorney at Cravath, Swaine Moore Other Current Affiliations Advisor to Chief Executive Officer of Malt Board Member, Allied Talent Partners Prior Affiliations Board of Directors, The Climate Board Board of Directors, Imbellus Inc. Advisory Board, Drucker Institute Board Member, Peer Health Exchange, Inc Board Member, National Campaign to Prevent Teenage and Unplanned Pregnancy Attributes and Skills Ms. Miller brings a diverse skill set to the Board, including executive leadership, talent management, finance, technology and innovation, and legal expertise. With decades of executive leadership and entrepreneurial experience, she has significant knowledge of strategic planning, large organization management, corporate development, risk oversight, and assessing human capital requirements. Ms. Miller also brings to the Board a fresh perspective on the evolving talent marketplace. In addition, she has government affairs experience through her public sector experience in the White House, the Department of Treasury and as chief legal advisor to the Governor of South Carolina. Ms. Miller s current and prior board services at public, private and philanthropic organizations provides our Board with the benefit of her perspectives on corporate governance and environmental, social and corporate responsibility. HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees JOHN C. PLANT Age 72 Director since 2016 | Chair of the Board since 2017 Other Current Public Company Directorships Jabil Circuit Corporation Masco Corporation Prior Public Company Directorships Gates Industrial Corporation PLC (2017-2019) TRW Automotive Holdings Corporation (2011-2015) Career Highlights and Qualifications Howmet Aerospace, Inc. Chair of the Board (2017-Present) Chief Executive Officer (2021-Present) Co-Chief Executive Officer (2020-2021) Chief Executive Officer (2019-2020) TRW Automotive Holdings Corporation , a global automotive supplier Chairman of the Board (2011-2015, when the company was acquired by ZF Friedrichshafen AG) President and Chief Executive Officer (2003-2015) Under his leadership, TRW employed more than 65,000 people in approximately 190 major facilities around the world and was ranked among the top 10 automotive suppliers globally TRW Inc. , a global aerospace, systems and automotive conglomerate Co-Member of the Chief Executive Office (2001-2003) Executive Vice President (1999-2001) LucasVarity Automotive , an automotive parts manufacturer President (1997-1999, when the company was acquired by TRW Inc.) President and Managing Director of the Electrical and Electronics division (1991-1997) Other Current Affiliations Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants Prior Affiliations Director Emeritus of the Automotive Safety Council Attributes and Skills With over three decades of executive leadership experience, Mr. Plant has substantial experience in global operations and management, strategic planning, finance, business development, and risk management. He brings a track record of successfully leading businesses through periods of downturns and challenges and periods of growth and market development. His expertise in the aerospace and defense and automotive industries and his deep familiarity with all aspects of the Company s businesses enable him to develop and lead the execution of the Company s strategic vision, assess opportunities and attendant risks, and guide the Company s growth. Mr. Plant s vast executive and operational experience, as well as his current and prior service on public and private company boards, enables him to be an effective leader who provides valuable insights to the Board and leads the Board and the Company through significant developments impacting the Company s business and industry. 14 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Director Nominees ULRICH R. SCHMIDT Age 76 Independent director since 2016 Board Committees Audit (Chair) Finance Prior Public Company Directorship Precision Castparts Corporation (2007-2016) Career Highlights and Qualifications Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc. , a global manufacturer of aerostructures Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2005-2009) Goodrich Corporation , a global supplier of aerospace components, systems and services to the commercial, defense, regional aircraft and general aviation airplane markets Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2000-2005) Vice President, Finance and Business Development, Goodrich Aerospace (1994-2000) Prior to joining Goodrich, he held senior level roles at a variety of companies, including Invensys Limited, Everest Jennings International Limited and Argo-Tech Corporation. Attributes and Skills Mr. Schmidt brings to the Board extensive global executive and financial experience, as well as a deep understanding of the aerospace industry. A seasoned financial executive and leader, he possesses valuable expertise in accounting, financial oversight, capital markets, mergers and acquisitions, enterprise risk management, business development and financial operations. His extensive background in the aerospace industry, coupled with his financial management and strategic planning and analysis foundation, provides the Board with valuable insight and industry experience. Mr. Schmidt qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. GUNNER S. SMITH Age 52 Independent director since 2023 Board Committees Audit Finance Career Highlights and Qualifications Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc., a leading manufacturer of exterior building products for residential buildings Chief Executive Officer (August 2025-Present) Owens Corning , a global building and construction materials leader President, Roofing (2018-August 2025) Member of the Executive Committee of Owens Corning (2018-August 2025) Served in various executive positions, including Vice President of Distribution and Home Center Sales; and held various positions leading sales, marketing and pricing PlyGem Industries , a manufacturing company specializing in windows, doors, siding, fence, rail and stone veneer (2007-2008) National Sales Manager Other Current Affiliations President and Board of Directors, Asphalt Roofing Manufacturers Association Board of Directors, Toledo Zoo and Aquarium Attributes and Skills Mr. Smith brings to the Board executive leadership experience, business perspective, manufacturing and commercial expertise and valuable insight in the dynamic competitive markets, which are complementary to the mix of skills on our Board. His current and past leadership roles and operational expertise in critical functions of global companies provide him with an extensive understanding of strategy and business development, risk oversight and management, and innovation and intellectual property. As a member of non-profit organizations, Mr. Smith brings a wealth of perspectives on corporate social responsibility. HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Board Composition and Refreshment Board Composition and Refreshment The Board recognizes that Board composition and refreshment contribute to effective deliberation, engagement and oversight, and the Board strives to strike an appropriate balance of experiences, skills and viewpoints in its composition. Board refreshment ensures over time a mix of experienced directors with a deep understanding of the Company and new directors who bring fresh perspectives. The Governance and Nominating Committee regularly considers the size and composition of the Board and assesses whether the composition appropriately aligns with the Company s evolving business and strategic needs. The focus is on ensuring that the Board is composed of directors who possess a multitude of relevant expertise, professional experience and backgrounds, bring varied viewpoints and perspectives, and effectively represent the long-term interests of the shareholders. The Governance and Nominating Committee reviews the short-term and long-term strategies and interests of the Company to determine what current and future experiences and skills are required of the Board in exercising its oversight function. Specific director criteria evolve over time to take into account the Company s dynamic business and strategic needs and the then composition of the Board. The Governance and Nominating Committee will review director performance evaluations to inform its decisions about renomination and refreshment of directors. See Corporate Governance Board, Committee and Director Evaluations for more detail on the evaluation process. The Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for establishing the criteria, objectives and procedures of selecting director candidates, screening candidates and evaluating the qualifications of persons who may be considered for potential service as a director, including candidates nominated by or recommended by shareholders. As provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Governance and Nominating Committee considers diversity as one of a number of important factors in identifying nominees for the Board, and the Committee takes a broad view of what diversity encompasses, including varied professional skills, background, personal experiences and demographics. In selecting a director nominee, the Committee will focus on characteristics and attributes that would complement the existing Board, recognizing that the Company s businesses and operations are varied and global in nature. See Minimum Qualifications for Director Nominees and Board Members Attributes below and the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines for more detail. Director Tenure Policy The Board believes that new perspectives and ideas are important to a forward-looking and strategic Board, as is the ability to benefit from the valuable experience and corporate familiarity that longer-serving directors possess. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a director whose tenure exceeds 12 years should tender his or her resignation from the Board. The Governance and Nominating Committee will then review the appropriateness of such director s continued service on the Board, and make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept or reject such resignation. In its review, the Governance and Nominating Committee will take into account a variety of factors, including the attributes of the director, his or her performance and contributions to the Board, and whether refreshment of the Board is at that time necessary to maintain an appropriate mix and range of backgrounds, viewpoints, and expertise for effective oversight and to meet the evolving needs of the Company. The Board believes that this tenure policy allows for Board refreshment and alignment of director attributes and skills with the Company s evolving strategy while at the same time providing flexibility for the Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board to make a case-by-case assessment of the appropriateness of a longer-tenured director s continued service on the Board. 16 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Nominating Board Candidates Procedures and Director Qualifications Nominating Board Candidates Procedures and Director Qualifications Minimum Qualifications for Director Nominees and Board Member Attributes The Board seeks to build a board comprising of individuals with a variety of backgrounds, experiences, skills and viewpoints that contribute to the collective strength and effectiveness of the Board of Directors. In identifying and recommending director candidates, the Governance and Nominating Committees focuses on the Criteria for Identification, Evaluation and Selection of Directors set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, which include the following characteristics: Demonstrated the highest level of ethical behavior and commitment to the Company s values, with reputations consistent with the Company s image and reputation Committed to the long-term interests of the Company s shareholders and other stakeholders Independent (for non-management directors) without conflict of interest, as well as Independent in thought and judgment Demonstrated excellence in their fields, proven business acumen and financial literacy Commitment to devote the necessary time and attention to the Company Understanding of the legal responsibilities of Board service and fiduciary obligations Self-confident and able to assume leadership and collaborative roles as needed Varied professional skills, background, viewpoints, personal experiences and demographics Process of Evaluation of Director Candidates The Governance and Nominating Committee makes a preliminary review of a prospective director candidate s background, professional experience and qualifications based on available information or information provided by an independent search firm, which identifies or provides an assessment of a candidate, or by a shareholder nominating or suggesting a candidate. If a consensus is reached by the committee that a particular candidate would likely contribute positively to the Board s mix of experiences, skills, and viewpoints, and a Board vacancy exists or is likely to occur, the candidate is contacted to confirm his or her interest and willingness to serve. The committee conducts interviews and may invite other Board members or senior Howmet Aerospace executives to interview the candidate to assess the candidate s overall qualifications. The committee considers the candidate against the criteria it has adopted, as well as in the context of the Board s then current composition and the needs of the Board and its committees. At the conclusion of this process, the committee reports the results of its review to the full Board. The report includes a recommendation as to whether the candidate should be nominated for election to the Board. This procedure is the same for all candidates, including director candidates identified by shareholders. The Governance and Nominating Committee retains from time to time the services of a search firm that specializes in identifying and evaluating director candidates. Services provided by the search firm include identifying potential director candidates meeting criteria established by the committee, verifying information about the prospective candidate s credentials, and obtaining a preliminary indication of interest and willingness to serve as a Board member. Shareholder Recommendations for Director Nominees Any shareholder wishing to recommend a candidate for director should submit the recommendation in writing to our principal executive offices: Howmet Aerospace Inc., Governance and Nominating Committee, c/o Corporate Secretary s Office, 201 Isabella Street, Suite 200, Pittsburgh, PA 15212-5872 or email: CorporateSecretary@howmet.com . The written submission should comply with all requirements set forth in the HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1 Election of Directors Nominating Board Candidates Procedures and Director Qualifications Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. The committee will consider all candidates recommended by shareholders in compliance with the foregoing procedures and who satisfy the minimum qualifications for director nominees and Board member attributes. Shareholder Nominations Advance Notice Director Nominations The Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that any shareholder entitled to vote at an annual meeting of shareholders may nominate one or more director candidates for election at that annual meeting by following certain prescribed procedures. The shareholder must provide to Howmet Aerospace s Corporate Secretary timely written notice of the shareholder s intent to make such a nomination or nominations. In order to be timely, the shareholder must provide such written notice not earlier than the 120 th day and not later than the 90 th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or, if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The notice must contain all of the information required in the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Any such notice must be sent to our principal executive offices: Howmet Aerospace Inc., Corporate Secretary s Office, 201 Isabella Street, Suite 200, Pittsburgh, PA 15212-5872 or email: CorporateSecretary@howmet.com . For the 2027 Annual Meeting, such notice must be delivered no earlier than January 19, 2027 and no later than February 18, 2027. Proxy Access Director Nominations Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Company s Bylaws, shareholder nominations for candidates for election at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which the shareholder wishes to include in the Company s proxy materials relating to the 2027 Annual Meeting, must be received by the Company at the above address no earlier than November 7, 2026 and no later than December 7 , 2026, together with all information required to be provided by the shareholder in accordance with the proxy access provision in the Bylaws. Universal Proxy Rules for Director Nominations In addition to satisfying the requirements under the Company s Bylaws, shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Company s nominees must provide notice that sets forth the information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), (including a statement that such shareholder intends to solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67% of the voting power of the Company s shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of director nominees other than the Company s nominees) to comply with the universal proxy rules, which notice must be postmarked or transmitted electronically to the Company at its principal executive offices no later than 60 calendar days prior to the anniversary date of the Annual Meeting (for the 2027 Annual Meeting, no later than March 20, 2027). However, if the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting is changed by more than 30 calendar days from such anniversary date, then notice must be provided by the later of 60 calendar days prior to the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting or the 10 th calendar day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting is first made. 18 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation Our non-employee director compensation program is designed to attract and retain outstanding directors who have the requisite experience and background as set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and to recognize the significant time and attention needed to fulfill the responsibilities required of our directors. Mr. Plant, our sole employee director, does not receive additional compensation for his Board service. The Governance and Nominating Committee reviews non-employee director compensation periodically and recommends changes to the Board when it deems appropriate. In late 2025, the Committee asked management to conduct a review and analysis of the Company s non-employee director compensation program compared to benchmark companies in our Proxy Peer Group (see Attachment B ). Compensation Advisory Partners LLC ( CAP LLC ), independent compensation consultant retained by the Compensation and Benefits Committee, reviewed and agreed with management s analysis and recommendations regarding non-employee director compensation. Based on the foregoing review and analysis, and taking into account various factors, the Governance and Nominating Committee recommended certain changes to the non-employee director compensation program. The Board reviewed and adopted the changes which went into effect on January 1, 2026. The Company s non-employee director compensation for 2025 and 2026 are summarized below in the Director Fees section. DIRECTOR FEES The following table describes the components of compensation for non-employee directors in 2025: Annual Compensation Other Annual Fees Lead Director $45,000 Board Committee Chair fees (1) : Audit Committee Chair $25,000 Compensation and Benefits Committee Chair $20,000 Governance and Nominating Committee Chair $20,000 Other Committee Chair $15,000 Meeting attendance, in excess of regularly scheduled meetings (per meeting) (2) $ 1,200 Ownership Requirements and Annual Compensation Limits Stock ownership requirement $750,000 Timeline to achieve stock ownership 6 years Total annual director compensation limit $750,000 * Annual equity granted as deferred restricted share units following each Annual Meeting of Shareholders (1) Each non-employee director may receive only one additional annual retainer fee in connection with service as the Chair of a committee (whether in the position of Lead Director, Audit Committee Chair, Compensation and Benefits Committee Chair or Other Committee Chair), regardless of how many committee Chair positions held by such director. (2) A fee of $1,200 for each Board or committee meeting attended by a non-employee director in excess of five special Board or committee meetings during the applicable calendar year and applies only to any non-regularly scheduled meeting in excess of a two-hour duration. Effective January 1, 2026, the following components of non-employee director compensation changed: Annual equity grant increased to $190,000 from $175,000 Annual retainer increased to $130,000 from $120,000 HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation Directors Alignment with Shareholders Directors Alignment with Shareholders Stock Ownership Guideline for Directors In order to further align the interests of our directors with the long-term interests of our shareholders, non-employee directors are required to own, until retirement from the Board, at least $750,000 in Howmet Aerospace common stock. Compliance with the ownership value requirement is measured annually, and if the Howmet Aerospace common stock price declines in value, directors must continue to invest in Howmet Aerospace stock until the stock ownership guideline is reached. Each director is required to reach the stock ownership guideline within six years of his or her initial appointment as a non-employee director. Directors currently receive a portion of their annual compensation in Howmet Aerospace deferred restricted share units ( RSUs ), which count towards meeting the stock ownership value requirement. The annual deferred RSU award vests on the first anniversary of the grant date, or, if earlier, the date of the next subsequent annual meeting of shareholders following the grant date, subject to continued service through the vesting date (however, accelerated vesting provisions apply for certain termination scenarios, such as death and change in control, and pro-rata vesting provisions apply in the event of a director s termination of service for any other reason). Settlement of the annual deferred RSUs is deferred pursuant to the Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Plan for Directors (the Directors Deferred Fee Plan ). In addition, directors may elect to defer the cash portion of their annual compensation into additional Howmet Aerospace deferred RSUs, as described in the Director Deferral Program section. Each Howmet Aerospace deferred RSU is an undertaking by the Company to issue to the recipient one share of Howmet Aerospace common stock upon settlement. Prior to November 1, 2016, directors could defer director fees into deferred share units under the Directors Deferred Fee Plan. Deferred share units provide directors with the same economic interest as if they own Howmet Aerospace common stock. Specifically, the deferred share units track the performance of our common stock and accrue dividend equivalents that are equal in value to dividends paid on our common stock. Upon a director s retirement from the Board, the deferred share units are settled in cash at a value equivalent to the then-prevailing market value of our common stock. Accordingly, whether a director holds shares of Howmet Aerospace common stock, deferred RSUs or deferred share units, directors have the same economic interest in the performance of the Company, which further aligns directors interests with those of our shareholders. The following table shows the aggregate value of each current director s holdings in Howmet Aerospace common stock, deferred share units, and deferred RSUs, as of March 24, 2026, based on the closing price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on that date. Directors Director Since Value of Holdings in Howmet Aerospace Stock, Deferred Restricted Share Units and Deferred Share Units James F. Albaugh 2017 $ 14,061,872 Amy E. Alving 2018 $ 13,673,386 Sharon R. Barner 2021 $ 3,796,473 Joseph S. Cantie 2020 $ 10,313,780 Robert F. Leduc 2020 $ 8,405,124 Jody G. Miller 2020 $ 7,155,122 John C. Plant 2016 $ 683,917,691 Ulrich R. Schmidt 2016 $ 14,873,092 Gunner S. Smith 2023 $ 1,224,615 20 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation 2025 Director Compensation Prohibitions against Short Sales, Hedging, Margin Accounts and Pledging Company policy prohibits members of the Board of Directors from pledging, holding in margin accounts, or engaging in short sales or hedging transactions with respect to any of their Company stock. The policy continues to align the interests of our directors with those of our shareholders. 2025 Director Compensation The following table sets forth the 2025 compensation of each non-employee director who served on the Board in 2025. Name (1) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (2) Stock Awards (3) Total James F. Albaugh $ 165,000 $ 174,987 $ 339,987 Amy E. Alving $ 120,000 $ 174,987 $ 294,987 Sharon R. Barner $ 140,000 $ 174,987 $ 314,987 Joseph S. Cantie $ 135,000 $ 174,987 $ 309,987 Robert F. Leduc $ 120,000 $ 174,987 $ 294,987 David J. Miller (4) $ 42,258 $ $ 42,258 Jody G. Miller $ 135,000 $ 174,987 $ 309,987 Ulrich R. Schmidt $ 145,000 $ 174,987 $ 319,987 Gunner S. Smith $ 120,000 $ 174,987 $ 294,987 (1) John C. Plant, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is an employee director and receives no compensation for service as a director. His compensation for fiscal year 2025 is reflected in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table . (2) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash. This column reflects the cash fees earned by directors for Board and committee services in 2025, whether or not such fees were deferred by a director (see Director Deferral Program below). (3) Stock Awards. The amounts in this column represents the aggregate grant date fair value of deferred restricted share unit (RSU) awards granted to each non-employee director under the Howmet Aerospace Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. Except as described below, the deferred RSU award constitutes the equity portion of each director s compensation for service from the Company s annual meeting of shareholders ( Annual Meeting ) in 2025 until the Company s Annual Meeting in 2026 and vests on the earlier of the first anniversary date of the grant date or the date of the Company s 2026 annual meeting (however, accelerated vesting provisions apply for certain termination scenarios, such as death and change in control, and pro-rata vesting applies in the event of a director s termination of service for any other reason). The exact number of deferred RSUs comprising an equity award is calculated by dividing the dollar value of the award (as specified in our Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy) by the closing price of our common stock on the day of grant, rounded to the nearest whole share. Messrs. Albaugh, Cantie, Leduc, Schmidt, and Smith and Mmes. Alving, Barner and J. Miller were each granted an annual equity award on May 30, 2025 for service from the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting to the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting. Each director received 1,030 deferred RSUs, with a grant date fair value of $174,987, based on the closing price per share of our common stock on the date of grant ($169.89). The aggregate number of unvested deferred RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2025 for each of Messrs. Albaugh, Cantie, Leduc, Schmidt, and Smith and Mmes. Alving, Barner and J. Miller was 1,030. The foregoing amounts do not include deferred RSUs that have vested see Director Deferral Program below. (4) Mr. Miller retired from the Board of Director, effective May 7, 2025. The fees included in the table reflect his period of service on the Board in 2025. Director Deferral Program Pursuant to the Directors Deferred Fee Plan, non-employee directors may elect to defer all or part of the cash portion of their annual compensation and to invest such deferred amounts into fully-vested Howmet Aerospace RSUs or into the investment options provided under the Company s 401(k) tax-qualified savings plan. The annual equity award granted to non-employee directors in the form of Howmet Aerospace RSUs is, by its terms, deferred under the Directors Deferred Fee Plan. Deferred amounts are paid either in a lump sum or installments, as elected by the director, upon retirement from the Board of Directors. HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Howmet Aerospace is a values-based company. Our values guide our behavior at every level and apply across the Company on a global basis. The Board has adopted a number of policies to support our values and good corporate governance, which we believe are important to the success of our business and in advancing shareholder interests. The Company s corporate governance documents are available on the Company s website. We highlight below certain of our corporate governance practices and features. For information on how to access the Company s governance documents and charters for each committee, see Our Corporate Governance Documents below. Board Structure, Independence and Accountability BOARD INDEPENDENCE 8 of our 9 director nominees are independent. Our Chief Executive Officer, John C. Plant (who is also Executive Chairman) is our sole employee director. BOARD LEADERSHIP Current Board leadership structure comprises an Executive Chairman of the Board, an independent Lead Director and independent chairs of each Board Committee. The independent Lead Director has substantial responsibilities, including presiding at all meetings of the Board at which the Executive Chairman is not present, and presiding at executive sessions of the independent directors. BOARD ENGAGEMENT Attendance: All directors attended more than 75% of Board and their respective Committee meetings in 2025; director attendance in 2025 averaged 96.4%. All directors are expected to attend the annual meeting of shareholders. Independent directors meet in executive session at every regular Board meeting. BOARD COMPOSITION AND ATTRIBUTES Directors have a breadth of experiences that spans a broad range of industries. Directors have a have a variety of backgrounds, experiences, skills and viewpoints directly relevant to the Company and its businesses. For additional information, see Item 1 Election of Directors . BOARD COMMITTEES Fully independent Audit, Compensation and Benefits, Governance and Nominating, Cybersecurity, and Finance Committees. Each committee has a written charter that is reviewed on an annual basis. BOARD ACCOUNTABILITY Annual elections of all directors. Majority voting standards for election of directors. Annual certification of compliance with the Code of Conduct and Conflict of Interest Survey and related governance and ethics policies. Annual say-on-pay vote. Annual shareholder ratification of the Audit Committee s appointment of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. No supermajority voting provisions in the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws. RESPONSIVENESS TO SHAREHOLDERS AND SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Directors are committed to meaningful engagement, communication and transparency with shareholders and welcome input and suggestions, to better understand shareholder perspectives. Board members are available for and participate in shareholder meetings as appropriate, including to discuss Board oversight and processes and ESG and compensation matters. Following each annual meeting of shareholders, the appropriate Committees of the Board consider the vote outcomes of any management and shareholder proposals and, depending on those vote outcomes, may recommend proposed courses of action. 22 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board Effectiveness BOARD, COMMITTEE AND DIRECTOR EVALUATIONS Annual Board and Committee self-evaluation process. Annual director performance evaluations. Ongoing assessment of corporate governance best practices appropriate for Howmet Aerospace. OVERBOARDING LIMITS Directors are subject to overboarding limitations as a general rule in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines. BOARD OVERSIGHT RISK AND ESG PROGRAMS The Board has ultimate responsibility for risk oversight. The Board Committees are delegated primary responsibility for risk management oversight of certain key risks relating to their areas. The Board and Board Committee oversight of risks and opportunities include those relating to strategy, cybersecurity, financial accounting and reporting, ESG including climate, human capital management and succession planning, compensation and product integrity and safety. The Company publishes an annual ESG Report. For additional information, see The Board s Role in Risk Oversight and Environmental and Social Responsibility . SUCCESSION PLANNING The Board oversees and engages in Board and executive succession planning. Alignment with Shareholder Interests POLICIES ON CLAWBACK AND NO SHORT SALES, HEDGING, MARGIN ACCOUNTS OR PLEDGING The Company s annual cash incentive compensation plan and stock incentive plan both contain clawback and forfeiture provisions providing for reimbursement or cancellation of incentive compensation from employees in certain circumstances. In 2023, the Company also adopted an executive officer clawback policy in accordance with SEC rules and NYSE listing standards. Short sales of Company securities and derivative or speculative transactions in Company securities are prohibited. Purchase or use of financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds) that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of Company securities, is prohibited. Directors and Section 16 officers are prohibited from holding Company securities in margin accounts or pledging Company securities as collateral. STOCK OWNERSHIP Non-employee directors and executive officers are subject to robust stock ownership guidelines: Non-employee directors must retain equity of at least $750,000 in value until retirement. Executives are required to hold substantial equity in the Company until retirement, including equity equal in value to six-times base salary for our CEO. Shareholder Rights PROXY ACCESS Shareholders may nominate director candidates to the Board and include those nominees in the Company s Proxy Statement in accordance with the Company s Bylaws. SHAREHOLDER ACTION Shareholders are permitted to call special meetings in accordance with the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Shareholders may act by written consent in accordance with the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance THE STRUCTURE AND ROLE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Board Leadership Structure The Company s current Board leadership structure comprises a combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, an independent director serving as the Lead Director, and strong, active independent directors. The Board will continue to exercise its judgment, under the circumstances at the time, to evaluate the Board leadership structure that the Board believes will provide effective leadership, oversight and direction, while optimizing the functioning of both the Board and management and facilitating effective communication between the two. The Chairman and Lead Director positions are evaluated and appointed annually by the independent directors. Executive Chairman John C. Plant The Board has concluded that the current structure provides a well-functioning and effective balance between strong Company leadership and appropriate safeguards and oversight by independent directors. A combined role of Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer confers advantages, including those listed below. By serving in both positions, the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is able to draw on his detailed knowledge of the Company to provide the Board, in coordination with the independent Lead Director, leadership in focusing its discussions, review and oversight of the Company s strategy, business, and operating and financial performance. A combined role ensures that the Company presents its message and strategy to stakeholders with a unified voice. The structure allows for efficient decision-making and focused accountability. The Board believes that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders for John C. Plant to serve as Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, considering the strong role of our independent Lead Director and other corporate governance practices providing independent oversight of management, as summarized in this Proxy Statement . Independent Lead Director James F. Albaugh Our Independent Lead Director has substantial responsibilities. Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Executive Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors; Calls meetings of the independent directors, as the Lead Director may deem to be appropriate; Meets regularly with the Executive Chairman and serves as a liaison between the Executive Chairman and the independent directors; Communicates to the Executive Chairman and management, as appropriate, any decisions reached, suggestions, views or concerns expressed by the independent directors during meetings, executive sessions and outside of board meetings; Approves meeting agendas and schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; Facilitates effective and candid Board discussions and communications to optimize Board performance; Conducts executive sessions of the Board; Ensures personal availability for consultation and communication with independent directors and with the Executive Chairman, as appropriate; and Responds directly to shareholder and other stakeholder questions and comments that are directed to the independent Lead Director or to the independent directors as a group, with such consultation with the Executive Chairman or other directors as the independent Lead Director may deem appropriate, and, if requested, ensuring that he is available for consultation and direct communication with major shareholders, as appropriate. James F. Albaugh is our current independent Lead Director. Mr. Albaugh s strength in leading the Board is complemented by his prior executive leadership roles and his depth of experience in Board matters ranging from his service on the Company s Compensation and Benefits Committee and Governance and Nominating Committee and his past service on the Audit Committee to his extensive experience on other company boards. 24 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance The Company s corporate governance practices are designed to ensure that shareholders interests are protected by effective and independent oversight of management: Independence. 8 of our 9 director nominees are independent as defined by the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and the Company s Director Independence Standards. Committees. Each of the Board s standing committees the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Benefits Committee, the Governance and Nominating Committee, the Cybersecurity Committee and the Finance Committee is composed solely of independent directors. Executive Sessions. Our independent directors meet at every regular Board Meeting in executive session without management present. These meetings are led by the independent Lead Director. The independent Lead Director may call extra sessions as needed. Committee meetings may also include an executive session at which independent Committee members meet without management in attendance. The Board s Role in Company Oversight Under Howmet Aerospace s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the role of the Board is to oversee the affairs of the Company while the day-to-day operation of the Company is the responsibility of management. Strategic Oversight The Board oversees and provides advice and guidance to management on the formulation and execution of the Company s corporate strategy. On an annual basis, the Board formally reviews the Company s business strategy, including annual and long-term strategic and financial plans, and the opportunities, headwinds and risks facing the Company. Elements of strategy are discussed at every regularly scheduled Board meeting. The Board regularly reviews the Company s strategic and operational priorities, competitive environment, market conditions, economic trends and regulatory developments. The Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer regularly reviews with the Board at each meeting, developments relating to the Company s strategic framework and provides updates between regularly scheduled sessions, as necessary. In addition, throughout the year, the executive leadership team, the presidents of the business segments and other leaders from across the organization provide detailed business and strategy updates to the Board, which allow the Board to monitor the implementation and progress of strategic plans and initiatives. The Board also regularly discusses capital allocation plans, the Company s financial performance against its operating plan, and outlook. As strategy underlies many aspects of the Company s operations, the Board is assisted in its oversight by the Board Committees in their respective areas of focus, as discussed in further detail below in Committees of the Board . Human Capital Management Oversight The Board believes effective human capital management is key to the Company s ability to execute its long-term strategy. The Board oversees the Company s human capital management, and is responsible for CEO succession planning, including the selection, evaluation, and compensation of the CEO. The Board regularly engages with the Company s Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer on a broad range of human capital management topics, including culture, talent attraction, development, and retention initiatives, and succession planning for senior executive positions. The Board has delegated the oversight of the Company s compensation and benefit programs and officer compensation to its Compensation and Benefits Committee. The Board s CEO succession planning takes many forms, including regular discussions among our independent directors, closed sessions of the Board and our CEO throughout the year, and one-on-one discussions between our Lead Director and CEO. The Board also oversees the appointment of Company officers and senior management succession planning, which includes an annual detailed review of the Company s talent strategies, pipeline and succession plans for key executive positions. The Board assesses and interacts with potential internal CEO and senior management successors at Board meetings, facility tours and in less formal settings. ESG Oversight The Board oversees ESG matters and views an effective ESG program and management of related risks as important to the Company s ability to execute its strategy and for long-term value creation. The Board s HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance governance responsibilities, including with respect to nominating directors, appointing Board Committee members and overseeing effective corporate governance of the Company, and its delegation of certain governance-related responsibilities to the Governance and Nominating Committee, are discussed throughout this Corporate Governance section. The full Board is responsible for the oversight of environmental and social matters, including the Company s sustainability initiatives, health and safety performance and human capital management (as discussed above in Human Capital Management Oversight ). The Board annually reviews the Company s comprehensive environmental and social programs and regularly receives updates on such topics. See the Environmental and Social Responsibility section. The Board s Role in Risk Oversight A key oversight responsibility of the Board is reviewing and evaluating the processes used by management to identify, assess, and manage the Company s exposure to risk. Risks are inherent in business activities, and understanding the risks and opportunities facing the Company is fundamental to the Board s ability to effectively exercise its oversight function and promote shareholder interests. Consideration of enterprise risks the specific financial, operational, business and strategic risks that the Company faces is integral to decision-making processes at both the Board and management level. The Company consistently seeks to identify potential risks and to balance risk mitigation with a level of risk tolerance that enables us to pursue opportunities to grow shareholder value. 26 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD Each of the Audit, Compensation and Benefits, Governance and Nominating, Cybersecurity, and Finance Committees is composed solely of directors who have been determined by the Board of Directors to be independent in accordance with SEC regulations, NYSE listing standards and the Company s Director Independence Standards (including the heightened independence standards for members of the Audit and Compensation and Benefits Committees). For information on how to access the written charters for each committee, see Our Corporate Governance Documents below. The Board Committee assignments and chairperson positions are reviewed each year by the Governance and Nominating Committee to determine whether changes to the Committee composition is warranted, taking into account factors such as the mix of viewpoints and expertise and refreshment and development considerations. Committee members and chairpersons are appointed by the Board upon recommendation of the Governance and Nominating Committee. AUDIT COMMITTEE 7 Meetings in 2025 Members Ulrich R. Schmidt (Chair) Joseph S. Cantie Robert F. Leduc Gunner S. Smith Independence Each member of the committee is independent and financially literate. Financial Expert Joseph S. Cantie and Ulrich R. Schmidt meet the requirements as defined by the SEC rules. Responsibilities Oversees the integrity of the Company s financial statements and internal controls, including review of the scope and the results of the audits of the internal and independent auditors Appoints the independent auditors and evaluates their independence and performance Reviews the organization, performance and adequacy of the internal audit function Pre-approves all audit, audit-related, tax and other services to be provided by the independent auditors Oversees the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements Discusses with management and the auditors the policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including major financial risk exposures Discusses with management the status of information technology systems and information technology risks The responsibilities of the Audit Committee are further described in the committee charter, which was adopted by the Board and a copy of which is available on our website. For more information on the role of the Audit Committee, as well as the Audit Committee report, see Item 2-Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . 28 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS COMMITTEE 6 Meetings in 2025 Members James F. Albaugh (Chair) Sharon R. Barner Jody G. Miller Independence Each member of the committee is independent. Responsibilities Recommends the Chief Executive Officer s compensation for approval by the independent directors of the Board, based upon an evaluation of performance in light of approved goals and objectives Reviews and approves the compensation of the Company s officers Oversees the implementation and administration of the Company s compensation and benefits plans, including pension, savings, incentive compensation and equity-based plans Reviews and approves general compensation and benefit policies Reviews, administers, and interprets the Company s clawback and recoupment policy and provisions Approves the Compensation Discussion and Analysis for inclusion in the proxy statement Has the sole authority to retain and terminate a compensation consultant, as well as to approve the consultant s fees and other terms of engagement (see Corporate Governance Compensation Consultants regarding the committee s engagement of a compensation consultant) Executive officers do not determine the amount or form of executive or non-employee director compensation although the Chief Executive Officer provides recommendations to the Compensation and Benefits Committee regarding compensation changes and incentive compensation for executive officers other than himself. The responsibilities of the Compensation and Benefits Committee are further described in the committee charter, which was adopted by the Board and a copy of which is available on our website. For more information on the activities of the committee, including its processes for determining executive compensation, see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section. GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING COMMITTEE 4 Meetings in 2025 Members Sharon R. Barner (Chair) James F. Albaugh Amy E. Alving Independence Each member of the committee is independent. Responsibilities Develops and recommends to the Board criteria, objectives and procedures for the selection of individuals to be considered as candidates for election to the Board Identifies individuals qualified to become Board members and recommends them to the full Board for consideration, including evaluating all potential candidates, whether initially recommended by management, other Board members or shareholders Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the appropriate structure and operations of the Board and Board Committees Makes recommendations to the Board regarding Board Committee assignments Develops and annually reviews corporate governance guidelines of the Company, and oversees other corporate governance matters Reviews related person transactions Oversees an annual performance review of the Board, Board Committees and individual directors Periodically reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding non-employee director compensation The responsibilities of the Governance and Nominating Committee are further described in the committee charter, which was adopted by the Board and a copy of which is available on our website. HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance CYBERSECURITY COMMITTEE 4 Meetings in 2025 Members Jody G. Miller (Chair) Amy E. Alving Robert F. Leduc Independence Each member of the committee is independent. Responsibilities Reviews the state of the Company s cybersecurity, including review of: the threat landscape facing the Company the Company s strategy, policies and procedures to mitigate cybersecurity risks, such as initiatives for identification, protection, detection, response and recovery any significant cybersecurity incidents the impact of emerging cybersecurity developments and regulations that may affect the Company The responsibilities of the Cybersecurity Committee are further described in the committee charter, which was adopted by the Board and a copy of which is available on our website. For information on the Company s cybersecurity programs and risk management, please refer to the disclosures in Item 1C. Cybersecurity of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. FINANCE COMMITTEE 4 Meetings in 2025 Members Joseph S. Cantie (Chair) Ulrich R. Schmidt Gunner S. Smith Independence Each member of the committee is independent. Responsibilities Reviews and provides advice and counsel to the Board regarding the Company s: capital structure financing transactions capital expenditures and capital plan acquisitions and divestitures share repurchases and dividend programs policies relating to interest rate, commodity and currency hedging pension plan performance and funding The responsibilities of the Finance Committee are further described in the committee charter, which was adopted by the Board and a copy of which is available on our website. BOARD MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE The Board met 6 times in 2025. The number of meetings of each Board Committee can be found above in Committees of the Board. Attendance by incumbent directors at Board and committee meetings averaged 96.4%. Each incumbent director attended 75% or more of the aggregate of all meetings of the Board and the committees on which he or she served during 2025. Under Howmet Aerospace s Corporate Governance Guidelines, all directors are expected to attend the annual meeting of shareholders. All members of the Board attended the Company s May 2025 annual meeting. 30 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance DIRECTOR ORIENTATION AND CONTINUING EDUCATION New Director Orientation The Company has a robust orientation program for new directors. New directors meet with key members of management to become familiar with the Company s business and strategic plans, business segments, resource units, and values and culture, as well as its human capital program, ethics and compliance program and corporate governance practices. New directors are invited to attend all Board Committee meetings. Continuing Education The Board and its Committees receive and participate in various forms of training and education throughout the year. Company presentations and materials, including updates on business developments and other important topics, are provided regularly to directors. In addition, outside advisors and counsel present to the Board on strategic, financial, legal, and regulatory developments and considerations, including cyber and AI among other matters. Such presentations provide directors with additional perspectives on the Company s business environment, strategic focus areas, performance and potential emerging risks. Each year, the Board participates in site visits to Company facilities to deepen their understanding of the Company and its operations, and engage with employees across our businesses. In 2025, the Board engaged in an in-depth tour of the Company s Engineered Structures operations in Niles, Ohio; and its Engine Products operations in Whitehall, Michigan, which provided the Board with valuable insight into the Company s operations, technology and innovations. The Company regularly provides the Board with information on continuing education programs and opportunities. Directors also benefit from access to various governance and directorship organizations and publications to which the Company subscribes. Directors are also encouraged to attend outside continuing education programs at the Company s expense. HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance BOARD, COMMITTEE AND DIRECTOR EVALUATIONS The Board of Directors believes that a robust and constructive Board, committee and director performance evaluation process is an essential component of board effectiveness. Each year, the Board conducts a comprehensive evaluation process, overseen by the Governance and Nominating Committee, of its own performance, as well as the performance of each committee and each director. SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT The Board of Directors and the Company believe ongoing engagement with Howmet Aerospace shareholders is important to understanding shareholder views on issues that are important to them or that affect our Company. We have embraced an active engagement strategy for many years to provide visibility and transparency, and invite dialogue, on our business, our performance and our corporate governance, environmental, social and compensation practices. Our engagement program is designed to address shareholder questions and concerns, provide shareholders with our perspective on Company policies and practices, seek shareholder input and incorporate feedback, as appropriate. How We Engage Board Participation Investor Relations Discussions ESG and Compensation-Related Discussions Our independent Lead Director, Compensation and Benefits Committee Chair and other members of the Board are available for, and participate as appropriate in, shareholder meetings, particularly those relating to ESG and compensation-related matters . Throughout the year, our investor relations (IR) team regularly meets with shareholders, prospective shareholders, and investment analysts through quarterly earnings calls, investor conferences, presentations, on-site meetings and virtual meetings. These meetings often include participation by our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, and generally focus on Company financial and operational performance and strategy. Twice a year, we conduct a robust shareholder engagement program, led by members of our corporate governance, environmental, health and safety, human resources, executive compensation and IR teams, along with Board members as appropriate, to solicit feedback and address any concerns related to: corporate governance, including Board oversight areas and perspectives; executive compensation and human capital management; and environmental and sustainability matters, including climate change. 32 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance ESG and Compensation-Related Shareholder Engagement Spring 2025 Fall 2025 77% Contacted 39% Engaged We contacted our top ~ 50 shareholders who own approximately 77% of our common shares and engaged with those who responded, representing approximately 39% ownership. 74% Contacted 34% Engaged We contacted our top ~ 50 shareholders who own approximately 74% of our common shares and engaged with those who responded, representing approximately 34% ownership. We engaged with our shareholders through conversations, as well as correspondence in which shareholders provide feedback, comments, or indications that they do not have any concerns requiring discussion. When We Engage Spring Summer Fall Winter Make available to shareholders the Annual Report, Proxy Statement and ESG report. Prior to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, conduct shareholder engagement to discuss any concerns on the ballot items and gather feedback on ESG, compensation and other relevant matters. Review feedback from shareholder discussions and results from the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, plan for fall outreach and target responsive engagement. Conduct comprehensive engagement with shareholders to gather feedback from the Annual Meeting of Shareholders and discuss any concerns and gather feedback on developments and trends in ESG, compensation and other relevant matters. Review shareholder feedback, including consideration by the Board of any changes to corporate governance, executive compensation program, and environmental and social matters and disclosures. Key Themes Discussed with Shareholders in 2025 Environmental and Social The Company s strategy and Board oversight related to environmental and social matters Alignment of environmental initiatives with corporate strategy Human Capital Management Chief Executive Officer succession planning Officer and Senior Management succession planning Employee training and retention Executive Compensation Compensation program and practices Board Accountability and Effectiveness Board oversight, including relating to strategy and risk Board and Committee evaluation process Corporate Governance Governance practices, including Board succession planning Committee membership and chairperson refreshment Board Leadership Structure For a further discussion regarding shareholder feedback on compensation matters, see Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Shareholder Feedback . HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance COMMUNICATIONS WITH DIRECTORS The Board of Directors is committed to meaningful engagement, communication and transparency with Howmet Aerospace shareholders and welcomes input and suggestions, to better understand shareholders perspectives. Shareholders and other interested parties wishing to contact the Executive Chairman, independent Lead Director, individual directors, the Board or the independent directors as a group may do so by sending a written communication to the attention of the Independent Lead Director c/o Howmet Aerospace Inc., Corporate Secretary s Office, 201 Isabella Street, Suite 200, Pittsburgh, PA 15212-5872 or email: CorporateSecretary@howmet.com. To communicate issues or complaints regarding questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, send a written communication to the Audit Committee c/o Howmet Aerospace Inc., Corporate Secretary s Office, 201 Isabella Street, Suite 200, Pittsburgh, PA 15212-5872 or email: CorporateSecretary@howmet.com. Alternatively, you may place an anonymous, confidential, toll-free call in the United States to Howmet Aerospace s Integrity Line at 1-844-932-1021 . For a listing of Integrity Line telephone numbers outside the United States, go to www.howmet.com under About Us Our Fundamentals Ethics and Compliance Speak-Up Culture Howmet Aerospace Integrity Line . Communications addressed to the Board or to a Board member are distributed to the Board or to any individual director or directors as appropriate, depending upon the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. The Board of Directors has asked the Corporate Secretary s Office to submit to the Board all communications received, excluding only those items that are not related to Board duties and responsibilities, such as junk mail and mass mailings; product complaints and product inquiries; new product or technology suggestions; job inquiries and resumes; advertisements or solicitations; and surveys. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE In the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board recognizes that independence depends not only on directors individual relationships, but also on the directors overall attitude. Providing objective, independent judgment is at the core of the Board s oversight function. Under the Company s Director Independence Standards, which conform to the corporate governance listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange, a director is not considered independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with the Company or any subsidiary in the consolidated group. The Director Independence Standards comprise a list of all categories of material relationships affecting the determination of a director s independence. Any relationship that falls below a threshold set forth in the Director Independence Standards, or is not otherwise listed in the Director Independence Standards, and is not required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of SEC Regulation S-K, is deemed to be an immaterial relationship. The Board has affirmatively determined that all the directors are independent except Mr. Plant, who is employed by the Company and therefore does not meet the independence standards set forth in the Director Independence Standards. In the course of its determination regarding independence, the Board did not find any material relationships between the Company and any of the directors, other than Mr. Plant s employment. VOTING FOR DIRECTORS Howmet Aerospace s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide a majority voting standard for election of directors in uncontested elections. If the number of shares voted for an incumbent director s election does not exceed fifty percent (50%) of the number of votes cast with respect to that director s election (with votes cast including votes against in each case and excluding abstentions and broker nonvotes with respect to that director s election) in an uncontested election, the nominee must promptly tender his or her resignation, and the Board will decide, through a process managed by the Governance and Nominating Committee and excluding the nominee, whether to accept or reject the resignation at its next regularly scheduled Board meeting. The Board s explanation of its decision will be promptly disclosed in accordance with SEC rules and regulations. Any director nominee not already serving on the Board who fails to receive a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election will not be elected to the Board. An election of directors is considered to be contested if the number of candidates for election as directors exceeds the number of directors to be elected, with the determination being made in accordance with the Bylaws. 34 | HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS Review, Approval and Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons The Company has a written Related Person Transaction Approval Policy regarding the review, approval and ratification of transactions between the Company and related persons. The policy applies to any transaction in which the Company or a Company subsidiary is a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest. A related person means any director or executive officer of the Company, any nominee for director, any shareholder known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of the Company s voting securities, and any immediate family member of any such person. Under this policy, reviews are conducted by management to determine which transactions or relationships should be referred to the Governance and Nominating Committee for consideration. The Governance and Nominating Committee then reviews the material facts and circumstances regarding a transaction and determines whether to approve, ratify, revise or reject a related person transaction, or to refer it to the full Board or another committee of the Board for consideration. The Company s Related Person Transaction Approval Policy operates in conjunction with other aspects of the Company s compliance program, including its Code of Conduct, which requires that all directors, officers and employees have a duty to be free from the influence of any conflict of interest when they represent the Company in negotiations or make recommendations with respect to dealings with third parties, or otherwise carry out their duties with respect to the Company. The Board has considered the following types of potential related person transactions and pre-approved them under the Company s Related Person Transaction Approval Policy as not presenting material conflicts of interest: (i) employment of Howmet Aerospace executive officers (except employment of a Howmet Aerospace executive officer that is an immediate family member of another Howmet Aerospace executive officer, director, or nominee for director) as long as the Compensation and Benefits Committee has approved the executive officers compensation; (ii) director compensation that the Board has approved; (iii) any transaction with another entity in which the aggregate amount involved does not exceed the greater of $1,000,000 or 2% of the other entity s total annual revenues, if a related person s interest arises only from: (a) such person s position as an employee or executive officer of the other entity; or (b) such person s position as a director of the other entity; or (c) the ownership by such person, together with his or her immediate family members, of less than a 10% equity interest in the aggregate in the other entity (other than a partnership); or (d) both such position as a director and ownership as described in (b) and (c) above; or (e) such person s position as a limited partner in a partnership in which the person, together with his or her immediate family members, have an interest of less than 10%; (iv) charitable contributions in which a related person s only relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer), or a director or trustee, if the aggregate amount involved does not exceed the greater of $250,000 or 2% of the charitable organization s total annual receipts; (v) transactions, such as the receipt of dividends, in which all shareholders receive proportional benefits; (vi) transactions involving competitive bids; (vii) transactions involving the rendering of services as a common or contract carrier, or public utility, at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority; and (viii) transactions with a related person involving services as a bank depositary of funds, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust indenture, or similar services. Transactions with Related Persons in 2025 Based on information provided by the directors, the executive officers, and the Company s legal department, the Governance and Nominating Committee determined that there are no material related person transactions to be reported in this Proxy Statement. We indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law against personal liability in connection with their service to the Company. This indemnity is required under HOWMET AEROSPACE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws, and we have entered into agreements with these individuals contractually obligating us to provide this indemnification to them. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION No member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee has served as one of our officers or employees at any time. None of our executive officers serves as a member of the compensation committee of any other company that has an executive officer serving as a member of our Board. None of our executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors of any other company that has an executive officer serving as a member of our Compensation and Benefits Committee. COMPENSATION CONSULTANTS In 2025, the Compensation and Benefits Committee directly retained Compensation Advisory Partners LLC ( CAP LLC ) as its independent compensation consultant. See Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Philosophy and Design Executive Compensation Design Relies on a Diversified Mix of Pay Elements and Targets the Market Median Use of Independent Compensation Consultant. The committee assessed CAP LLC s independence and found no conflict of interest. In its assessment, the committee took into account the following factors: CAP LLC provides no other services to the Company; the amount of fees received from the Company by CAP LLC as a percentage of CAP LLC s total revenue; the policies and procedures that CAP LLC has in place to prevent conflicts of interest; any business or personal relationships between the consultants at CAP LLC performing consulting services and any Compensation and Benefits Committee members or any executive officer; and any ownership of Company stock by the consultants. RECOVERY OF INCENTIVE COMPENSATION In accordance with SEC requirements and NYSE listing standards, the Company adopted an Executive Officer Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (the Clawback Policy ) in 2023 that provides for the recovery of the amount of incentive compensation erroneously awarded to a current or former Section 16 officer of the Company, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act (a Covered Officer ), during the prior three fiscal years if the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws. Subject to limited exceptions, the amount 