=== HWM_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A (Risk Factors), Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations), including the disclosures under Segment Information and Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, and Note U to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 . Market projections are subject to the risks discussed in this report and other risks in the market. Credit ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Howmet securities, and they may be revised or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of the credit rating organizations. The statements in this report are made as of the date of the filing of this report. Howmet disclaims any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. General Howmet Aerospace Inc. is a Delaware corporation with its principal office in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, Howmet , the Company , we , us , and our refer to Howmet Aerospace Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Company s Internet address is https://www.howmet.com. Howmet makes available free of charge on or through its website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The Company s website is included in this annual report on Form 10-K as an inactive textual reference only. The information on, or accessible through, the Company s website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this annual report on Form 10-K. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains these reports at https://www.sec.gov. Background As described below, Howmet Aerospace Inc. was previously named Arconic Inc. and, prior to that, Alcoa Inc., a company formed in 1888. The Arconic Inc. Separation Transaction. On April 1, 2020, Arconic Inc. separated its businesses (the Arconic Inc. Separation Transaction ) into two independent, publicly traded companies: Howmet Aerospace Inc. (the new name for Arconic Inc.) and Arconic Corporation. Following this separation, Howmet retained the Engine Products, Fastening Systems, Engineered Structures, and Forged Wheels businesses; and its prior Rolled Products, Aluminum Extrusions, and Building and Construction Systems businesses were spun-off to Arconic Corporation. In connection with the Arconic Inc. Separation Transaction, Howmet and Arconic Corporation entered into several agreements that govern their post-separation relationship. The 2017 Reincorporation in Delaware. On December 31, 2017, Arconic Inc., then a Pennsylvania corporation, changed its jurisdiction of incorporation from Pennsylvania to Delaware. The Alcoa Inc. Separation Transaction. On November 1, 2016, Alcoa Inc. completed the separation of its businesses (the Alcoa Inc. Separation Transaction ) into two independent, publicly traded companies: Arconic Inc. (the new name for Alcoa Inc., which, through the transactions described above, later became Howmet Aerospace Inc.) and Alcoa Corporation. Following this separation, the Company retained the Engineered Products and Solutions, Global Rolled Products, and Transportation and Construction Solutions businesses. In connection with the Alcoa Inc. Separation Transaction, the two companies entered into several agreements that govern their post-separation relationship. Recent Developments Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing, LLC Acquisition Transaction . On December 22, 2025, the Company entered into an agreement with Stanley Black Decker, Inc. ( Stanley Black Decker ) to acquire Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing, LLC ( CAM ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Stanley Black Decker, for a cash purchase price of approximately $1.8 billion (the Proposed CAM Acquisition ). The Proposed CAM Acquisition is expected to close in the first half of 2026, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. See also Liquidity and Capital Resources Planned Financing for the Proposed CAM Acquisition in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations). Brunner Manufacturing Co. Inc. Acquisition Transaction . On February 6, 2026, the Company acquired Brunner Manufacturing Co. Inc., a small privately-held manufacturer of high-quality fastener products located in the U.S., for an all-cash purchase price (the Brunner acquisition ). Overview Howmet is a leading global provider of advanced engineered solutions for the aerospace and transportation industries. The Company s primary businesses focus on jet engine components, aerospace fastening systems, and airframe structural components necessary for mission-critical performance and efficiency in aerospace and defense applications, as well as forged aluminum wheels for commercial transportation. Howmet s technological capabilities support the innovation and growth of next-generation aerospace programs. Its differentiated technologies enable lighter, more fuel-efficient aircraft and commercial trucks to operate with a lower carbon footprint and support more sustainable air and ground transportation. Howmet is a global company operating in 19 countries. Based upon the country where the point of shipment occurred, North America and Europe generated 72% and 22%, respectively, of Howmet s sales in 2025. In addition to the United States, Canada, and Mexico in North America and France, United Kingdom, Hungary, and Germany in Europe, Howmet has operating activities in numerous other countries and regions, including Japan and China. 1 Table of Contents Description of the Business The Company produces products that are used in the aerospace (commercial and defense), commercial transportation, gas turbines, and other markets. Howmet seeks to provide its customers with innovative solutions through offering differentiated products such as airfoils with advanced cooling and coatings for extreme temperature applications; specially-designed fasteners for lightweight composite airframe construction, reduced assembly costs, and lightning strike protection; and lightweight aluminum commercial wheels. Its products and solutions include investment castings for jet engines and industrial gas turbines (nickel superalloys, titanium, and aluminum), including airfoils and structural parts; seamless rolled rings for jet engines (mostly nickel superalloys); fastening systems for aerospace, industrial and commercial transportation applications (titanium, steel, and nickel superalloys); forged jet engine components (e.g., jet engine disks); machined and forged aircraft parts (titanium and aluminum); and forged aluminum commercial vehicle wheels, all of which are sold directly to customers or through distributors. Aerospace (Commercial and Defense) Market. Howmet s largest market is aerospace, which represented approximately 70% of the Company s revenue in 2025. The Company produces a range of high performance multi-materials, highly engineered products, and vertically integrated machined solutions for aero engines and airframe structures, ranging from investment castings, advanced coatings, seamless rings, forgings, titanium extrusions, and titanium mill products, to fasteners that hold aircraft together. Wingtip to wingtip, nose to tail, Howmet can produce more than 90% of all structural and rotating aero engine components. Modernization of the commercial and defense platforms is driven by an array of challenging performance requirements. With its precision engineering, materials science expertise, and advanced manufacturing processes, Howmet aims to help its customers achieve greater fuel economies, reduced emissions, passenger comfort, and maintenance efficiencies. Commercial Transportation Market . The commercial transportation market represented approximately 15% of the Company s revenue in 2025. The Company invented the forged aluminum truck wheel in 1948, and continues to advance technology to deliver breakthrough solutions that make trucks and buses lighter, more fuel efficient and sharper-looking. Howmet s forged aluminum wheels are a leading choice for commercial trucks and mass transportation vehicles because they can reduce weight and save fuel. The strength of the Company s rivets, bolts and fasteners offers another light-weighting solution that delivers performance. Gas Turbines Market. The gas turbines market includes industrial gas turbines and oil and gas, which represented approximately 11% of the Company s revenue in 2025. The gas turbines market constitutes turbine parts with advanced cooling and coatings for use in heavy-duty gas turbine units as well as small- to mid-sized gas turbine units. Turbines across these size ranges serve growing demand for electricity generation, driven by accelerating data center build-out. In the fourth quarter 2025, the Company combined the revenue disclosure for the industrial gas turbine and oil gas end markets into Gas Turbines. As a result of this change, the Company will no longer disclose the Industrial Other end market. The revenue previously classified as general industrial is now classified as Other in our end market disclosures. Other Market . The other market includes all other areas, which represented approximately 4% of the Company s revenue in 2025. Howmet has four reportable segments, which are organized by product on a worldwide basis: Engine Products, Fastening Systems, Engineered Structures and Forged Wheels. Engine Products Engine Products utilizes advanced designs and techniques to support next-generation engine programs and produces components primarily for aircraft engines and industrial gas turbines, including airfoils and seamless rolled rings. Engine Products produces rotating parts as well as structural parts. Engine Products principally serves the commercial and defense aerospace and gas turbines markets. Fastening Systems Fastening Systems produces aerospace and industrial fastening systems as well as commercial transportation fasteners and installation tools . In addition to highly engineered aerospace fasteners with a broad range of fastening systems, the segment also supplies the commercial transportation, renewable, and material handling industries. The business s high-tech, multi-material fastening systems are found nose to tail on commercial and military aircraft, as well as on jet engines, industrial gas turbines, commercial transportation vehicles, wind turbines, solar power systems, and construction and industrial equipment . The Brunner acquisition will be included in the operations of the Fastening Systems segment after February 6, 2026. Upon completion of the announced Proposed CAM Acquisition, CAM operations are expected to be included in our Fastening Systems segment. 2 Table of Contents Engineered Structures Engineered Structures produces titanium ingots and mill products for aerospace and defense applications and is vertically integrated to produce titanium forgings, titanium extrusions, and machining services for airframe, wing, aero-engine, and landing gear components. Engineered Structures also produces aluminum forgings, nickel forgings, and aluminum machined components, and assemblies for aerospace and defense applications. The principal markets served by Engineered Structures are commercial aerospace, defense aerospace, and land and sea defense. Forged Wheels Forged Wheels manufactures lightweight, high-strength forged aluminum wheels for trucks, buses, and trailers, serving the global transportation market. The Company s portfolio, sold under the Alcoa Wheels brand, includes advanced wheel designs utilizing its MagnaForce alloy, offering superior durability and performance. Compared to standard steel wheel configurations, our aluminum wheels deliver up to 59% weight savings per tractor-trailer, enabling greater payload capacity. Our proprietary Dura-Bright surface treatment resists corrosion and significantly reduces maintenance requirements, helping fleets maintain a professional appearance while lowering operational costs. For additional discussion of each segment's business, see Results of Operations Segment Information in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and Note C to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 . Sales by Market and Significant Customer Revenue Sales by market for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, were: For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Aerospace - Commercial 53 % 52 % 49 % Aerospace - Defense 17 % 16 % 15 % Commercial Transportation 15 % 17 % 21 % Gas Turbines 11 % 10 % 10 % Other 4 % 5 % 5 % In 2025, RTX Corporation and GE Aerospace each represented approximately 11% of the Company s third-party sales. The loss of any such significant customer could have a material adverse effect on such businesses. See Part I, Item 1A (Risk Factors). 3 Table of Contents The Company's Principal Facilities (1) Country Facility Location Segment Products Australia Oakleigh Fastening Systems Fasteners Canada Georgetown, Ontario (2) Engine Products Aerospace Castings Laval, Qu bec Engine Products; Engineered Structures Aerospace Castings and Machining China Suzhou (2) Engine Products; Fastening Systems; Forged Wheels Fasteners, Rings and Wheels Machining France Dives-sur-Mer Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings Evron Engine Products Aerospace and Specialty Castings Gennevilliers Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings St. Cosme-en-Vairais (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners Toulouse Fastening Systems Fasteners Us-par-Vigny Fastening Systems Fasteners Germany Bestwig Engine Products Aerospace Castings Erwitte Engine Products Machining of Aerospace Castings Hildesheim-Bavenstedt (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners Kelkheim (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners Hungary Nemesv mos Fastening Systems Fasteners Sz kesfeh rv r Engine Products; Forged Wheels Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings and Forgings Japan J etsu City (2) Forged Wheels Wheels Machining Nomi Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings Mexico Ciudad Acu a (2) Engine Products; Fastening Systems Aerospace Castings/Rings and Fasteners Monterrey Forged Wheels Forgings Morocco Casablanca (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners United Kingdom Exeter (2) Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings and Alloy Glossop Engine Products Metal, Billets Ickles Engine Products Metal, Billets Leicester (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners Redditch (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners Telford Fastening Systems Fasteners Worcester (2) Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings Tooling 4 Table of Contents Country Facility Location Segment Products United States Tucson, AZ (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners Carson, CA (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners City of Industry, CA (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners Fontana, CA Engine Products Rings Fullerton, CA (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners and Tooling Rancho Cucamonga, CA Engine Products Rings Torrance, CA Fastening Systems Fasteners Branford, CT Engine Products Aerospace Coatings Winsted, CT Engine Products Aerospace Machining Savannah, GA Engineered Structures Forgings, Disks La Porte, IN Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings Whitehall, MI Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings and Coatings, Titanium Alloy and Specialty Products Washington, MO Engineered Structures Titanium Mill Products Big Lake, MN Engineered Structures Aerospace Machining New Brighton, MN Engineered Structures Aerospace Machining Dover, NJ Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings and Alloy Kingston, NY (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners Tooling Rochester, NY Engine Products Rings Barberton, OH Forged Wheels Wheels Machining Brecksville, OH (2) Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings Tooling Canton, OH (2) Engineered Structures Titanium Mill Products Cleveland, OH Engine Products; Engineered Structures; Forged Wheels Forgings, Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings Tooling, and Aerospace Components Niles, OH Engineered Structures Titanium Mill Products Morristown, TN (2) Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Ceramic Products Houston, TX (2) Engineered Structures Extrusions Waco, TX (2) Fastening Systems Fasteners Wichita Falls, TX Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings Hampton, VA (2) Engine Products Aerospace and Gas Turbine Castings Martinsville, VA Engineered Structures Titanium Mill Products (1) Principal facilities are listed by location, with certain locations having more than one facility. The list in the above table does not include 16 locations that serve as sales and administrative offices, distribution centers or warehouses. (2) Leased property or partially leased property. 5 Table of Contents Sources and Availability of Raw Materials Important raw materials purchased in 2025 for each of the Company s reportable segments are listed below. Engine Products Fastening Systems Engineered Structures Forged Wheels Ceramics Aluminum Alloys Aluminum Aluminum Cobalt Energy Energy Energy Energy Nickel Alloys and Stainless Steels Nickel Alloys Nickel Steels Titanium Scrap Platinum Titanium Alloys Titanium Sponge Superalloy materials Vanadium Alloys Titanium Generally, raw materials are purchased from third-party suppliers under competitively priced supply contracts or bidding arrangements. The Company believes that the raw materials necessary to its business are and will continue to be available. Patents, Trade Secrets, and Trademarks The Company believes that its domestic and international patent, trade secret and trademark assets provide it with a significant competitive advantage. The Company s rights under its patents, as well as the products made and sold under them, are important to the Company as a whole and, to varying degrees, important to each business segment. The patents owned by Howmet generally concern particular products, manufacturing equipment, or techniques. Howmet s business as a whole is not, however, materially dependent on any single patent, trade secret, or trademark. As a result of product development and technological advancement, the Company continues to pursue patent protection in jurisdictions throughout the world. As of the end of 2025, the Company s worldwide patent portfolio consisted of approximately 1,020 granted patents and 180 pending patent applications. The Company also has a significant number of trade secrets, mostly regarding manufacturing processes and material compositions that give many of its businesses important advantages in their markets. The Company continues to strive to improve those processes and generate new material compositions that provide additional benefits. With respect to domestic and international registered trademarks, the Company has many that have significant recognition within the markets that are served. Examples include the name Howmet metal castings, Huck fasteners, and Dura-Bright wheels with easy-clean surface treatments. As of the end of 2025, the Company s worldwide trademark portfolio consisted of approximately 1,590 registered trademarks and 70 pending trademark applications. Following the Alcoa Inc. Separation Transaction, the Company retained the Alcoa Wheels business and, pursuant to a Trademark License Agreement, is the exclusive licensee of the Alcoa name and logo for use with the wheels, hubs, and related products that we manufacture. The Company s rights under its trademarks are important to the Company as a whole and, to varying degrees, important to each business segment. Competitive Conditions The Company s segments - Engine Products, Fastening Systems, Engineered Structures, and Forged Wheels - are subject to substantial and intense competition in the markets they serve. Although Howmet believes its advanced technology, manufacturing processes, and experience provide advantages to Howmet s customers, such as high quality and superior mechanical properties that meet the Company s customers most stringent requirements, many of the products Howmet makes can be produced by competitors using similar types of manufacturing processes as well as alternative forms of manufacturing. Despite intense competition, Howmet continues as a market leader in most of its principal markets. We believe that factors such as Howmet s technological expertise, state-of-the-art capabilities, capacity, quality, engaged employees, and long-standing customer relationships enable the Company to maintain its competitive position. Principal competitors include Berkshire Hathaway Inc., through its 2016 acquisition of Precision Castparts Corporation and subsidiaries, for titanium and titanium-based alloys, precision forgings, seamless rolled rings, investment castings, including airfoils, and aerospace fasteners; VSMPO (Russia) for titanium and titanium-based alloys and precision forgings; ATI Inc. s High-Performance Materials Components segment for titanium and titanium-based alloys and precision forgings; Lisi Aerospace (France) for aerospace fasteners; and Aubert Duval (part of Airbus, Safran, and Tikehau Capital) for precision forgings. Other competitors include Doncasters Group Limited (U.K.) and Consolidated Precision Products Corp. (owned by Warburg Pincus and Berkshire Partners) for investment castings; Weber Metals, Inc. (part of Otto Fuchs) for precision forgings; and Forgital Group and Frisa (Mexico) for seamless rings. Forged Wheels competes against aluminum and steel wheel suppliers in the commercial transportation industry under the product brand name Alcoa Wheels for the major regions that it serves (North America, Europe, Japan, China, South America, and Australia). Its larger aluminum wheel competitors are Accuride Corporation, Speedline (member of the Ronal Group), Nippon Steel Corporation, Dicastal North America, Inc., Alux Co., Ltd., and Wheels India Limited. 6 Table of Contents In recent years, Forged Wheels has seen an increase in the number of aluminum wheel suppliers (both forged and cast aluminum wheels) from China, Taiwan, India, South Korea, and Turkey attempting to penetrate the global commercial transportation market. Several of Howmet s largest customers have captive superalloy furnaces for producing airfoil investment castings for their own use. Many other companies around the world also produce superalloy investment castings, and some of these companies currently compete with Howmet in the aerospace and other markets, while others are capable of competing with the Company should they choose to do so. International competition in the investment castings, fasteners, rings and forgings markets may also increase in the future as a result of strategic alliances among engine original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ), aero-structure prime contractors, and overseas companies, especially in developing markets, particularly where offset or local content requirements create purchase obligations with respect to products manufactured in or directed to a particular country. Government Regulations and Environmental Matters Our operations and activities are global and are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, rules and regulations, including those relating to the environment. In 2025, compliance with these laws, rules and regulations did not have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. Additionally, we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities in 2026. For a discussion of the risks associated with certain applicable laws and regulations, see Risk Factors. Information relating to environmental matters is included in Note U to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 under the caption Environmental Matters. Human Capital Howmet strives to attract, recruit, engage, develop and retain world-class talent. Our Code of Conduct describes how we lead with integrity and work with one another while supporting our stakeholders. The Company provides competitive wages, benefits and terms of employment. Attracting and recruiting candidates through workforce planning, increased hiring efficiency and effective onboarding have been a priority for the Company. New technology that increases the automation of job postings enables us to more widely disseminate our job vacancies to various partners and job boards, including our campus recruitment platform that helps us to proactively reach a broad talent network of students and schools across the United States. The Company remains committed to its military recruiting, adding additional partnerships in 2025, including the U.S. Department of War SkillBridge Program that provides transitioning service members the opportunity for training and development with potential employers. Additional technologies such as recruiting booster text capabilities facilitate communicating with candidates quickly and efficiently. To retain new talent, the Company offers an onboarding program to develop a sense of belonging, teamwork, and productivity. The Company offers increasingly more robust leadership and other development opportunities for our team members. To bolster our operations internal talent pipeline, we created two new development programs, the Frontline Leader Program and the Plant Manager Development Initiative. Additionally, the Company expanded its tuition assistance program in 2025 to now include reimbursement for a wide variety of certifications. We believe providing employees with avenues to new skills contributes to increased motivation and engagement, resulting in higher employee retention. The Company supports our employees having ownership in their development to create rewarding careers that draw on their aptitudes and support their ambitions. Our development process framework provides tools and resources to identify career options, skills gaps and actions they can take to progress within the Company. Using a human capital management platform, employees can build a professional profile to share their career aspirations and learn new skills. This platform allows us to align employee goals and growth with the Company s future business needs so that we can pinpoint potential successor candidates and build their readiness for future roles. We use a data-driven approach to track how employees are progressing through the organization. We seek to identify high performers and support their development into potential future leaders, focusing on providing opportunities to all individuals. A valuable component of development is Howmet s mentoring program, which builds readiness for future leaders. Our talent review and succession planning process is an ongoing priority, sponsored and led by our Chief Executive Officer with oversight by the Board of Directors. Howmet s strong health and safety culture empowers our employees and contractors to take personal responsibility for their actions and the safety of their coworkers. This culture is supported by internal policies, standards, rules, and procedures that clearly articulate our stringent requirements for working safely in all our worldwide facilities. The Company embeds annual health and safety goals and objectives into its operating plans to progress toward our ultimate goal of zero incidents. We use various risk identification, assessment, and control processes to reduce the likelihood of safety and health incidents in the workplace, with prioritization on the prevention of fatality and serious injury. Employees Total worldwide employment at the end of 2025 was approximately 25,430 employees in 23 countries. 7 Table of Contents Approximately 3,860 employees, or 26% of the U.S. workforce, are represented by labor unions in the United States. Within the United States, there are eight collective bargaining agreements with varying expiration dates between Howmet and various labor unions. Of these eight, the largest workforce covered under a collective bargaining agreement is between Howmet and the United Autoworkers ( UAW ) at our Engine Products facility in Whitehall, Michigan. The current agreement, which covers approximately 1,865 employees, expires in April 2028. The second largest workforce of approximately 730 employees within our Engineered Structures and Forged Wheels segments is covered under a five-year collective bargaining agreement between Howmet and the UAW at our Cleveland, Ohio location, which expires in February 2029. The Company s next significant plant collective bargaining agreement in the U.S. expires in 2027. On a regional basis, collective bargaining agreements with varying expiration dates cover employees in Europe, North America, South America, and Asia. The Company believes that it has positive relationships with its employees and any respective labor union representatives. Executive Officers of the Registrant The names, ages, positions, and areas of responsibility of the executive officers of the Company as of February 12, 2026 are listed below. The Company s executive officers are annually appointed to serve until the next annual meeting of the Board of Directors (held in conjunction with the annual meeting of shareholders), except in the case of earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. Michael N. Chanatry , 65, Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Mr. Chanatry was initially elected Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Howmet effective May 16, 2018. Prior to joining Howmet, from 2015 to April 2018, he was Vice President of Supply Chain for General Electric s Power Division. Mr. Chanatry served as General Manager of Supply Chain for General Electric Appliances from 2013 to 2015; and General Electric Aviation Systems from 2009 to 2013. Prior to his leadership roles at General Electric Power, General Electric Appliances and General Electric Aviation Systems, Mr. Chanatry held numerous positions within the General Electric Aviation Aerospace divisions, as well as at Lockheed Martin from 1983 to 2009. Neil E. Marchuk , 68, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer. Mr. Marchuk was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Howmet effective August 21, 2025. He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer from March 2019 to August 2025. Following the resignation of Lola F. Lin, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Compliance Officer and Secretary, in September 2025, until a successor is appointed, the Legal and Compliance teams report to Mr. Marchuk. He served as Interim President, Engineered Structures, from October 2023 to April 2024; and Interim President, Fastening Systems, from November 2022 to May 2023. Prior to joining Howmet, from January 2016 to February 2019, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Adient, an automotive manufacturer. From July 2006 to May 2015, Mr. Marchuk was Executive Vice President of Human Resource at TRW Automotive, and served as TRW s Vice President, Human Resources from September 2004 to July 2006. Prior to joining TRW, from December 2001 to August 2004, Mr. Marchuk was Director, Corporate Human Resources for E.I. Du Pont De Nemours and Company ( E.I. Du Pont ). From September 1999 to November 2001, Mr. Marchuk was Director, Global HR Delivery for E.I. Du Pont. From February 1999 to August 1999, Mr. Marchuk served E.I. Du Pont as its Global HR Director, Global Services Division. John C. Plant , 72, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Plant was appointed Howmet s Chief Executive Officer effective October 14, 2021, and was Co-Chief Executive Officer from April 2020 to October 2021. From February 2019 to April 2020, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Arconic Inc., as the Company was then known prior to its separation. He has served as chairman of Howmet's Board of Directors since October 2017 and as a member of the Board since February 2016. Mr. Plant previously served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of TRW Automotive from 2011 to 2015, and as its President and Chief Executive Officer from 2003 to 2011. TRW Automotive was acquired by ZF Friedrichshafen AG in May 2015. Mr. Plant was a co-member of the Chief Executive Office of TRW Inc. from 2001 to 2003 and an Executive Vice President of TRW from 1999 (when the company acquired Lucas Varity) to 2003. Prior to TRW, Mr. Plant was President of Lucas Varity Automotive and managing director of the Electrical and Electronics division from 1991 through 1997. Patrick Winterlich , 56, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Winterlich was initially elected Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective December 1, 2025. Prior to joining Howmet, from 2017 to November 2025, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Hexcel Corporation. Mr. Winterlich held roles of increasing responsibility at Hexcel in Finance, Operations and Information Technology from 1998 to 2017. 8 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors. Howmet s business, financial condition, and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, including causing its actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Howmet or that Howmet currently deems immaterial may also adversely affect the Company materially in future periods. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations The markets for Howmet s products are cyclical, and such markets and Howmet s operations are influenced by a number of factors, including global economic conditions and regulations. Howmet is subject to cyclical fluctuations in global economic conditions and lightweight metals end-use markets. Howmet sells many products to industries that are cyclical, such as the aerospace and commercial transportation industries, and the demand for our products is sensitive to, and quickly impacted by, demand for the finished goods manufactured by our customers in these industries, which may change as a result of changes in regional or worldwide economies, currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation, energy prices or other factors beyond our control. In particular, Howmet derives a significant portion of our revenue from products sold to the aerospace industry, which is cyclical and reflective of changes in the general economy. The commercial aerospace industry is historically driven by the demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft and spare parts. Demand for commercial aircraft and spare parts is influenced by airline industry profitability, trends in domestic and global airline passenger traffic, the state of U.S., regional and world economies, the ability of aircraft purchasers to obtain required financing and numerous other factors. Changes and uncertainties in the timing and level of future aircraft production by OEMs may cause our future results to differ from prior periods due to changes in the Company s product mix. The defense aerospace cycle is highly dependent on U.S. and foreign government defense spending, which can be impacted by a government s shifting priorities and budget compromises. It is also impacted by the effects of terrorism, a changing global geopolitical environment, U.S. foreign policy, the impact of government shutdowns and federal debt ceiling on funding and appropriations, whether older military aircraft are retired, and technological improvements to new engines and airframes. The demand for Howmet s commercial transportation products is driven by the number of vehicles produced by commercial transportation manufacturers. Commercial transportation sales and production are affected by many factors, including the age of the vehicle fleet, labor relations issues, fuel prices, regulatory requirements, government initiatives, trade agreements, and levels of competition. Geopolitical tensions, conflicts, and wars have impacted, and may in the future impact, global energy markets, leading to high volatility and increasing prices for crude oil, natural gas, and other energy supplies. Energy costs impact operating expenses at our manufacturing facilities, the expense of shipping raw materials to our facilities, and the expense of shipping products to our customers. The costs of certain raw materials (including, but not limited to, nickel, titanium, aluminum, cobalt, and superalloy materials) necessary for the manufacture of Howmet s products and other manufacturing and operating costs are influenced by market forces, including inflation, supply and demand, and shortages. For example, as the Russia-Ukraine conflict continues, global titanium prices may continue to fluctuate. Our customers failure to return titanium revert (reusable scrap) to Howmet can result in an increase of the amount of titanium purchased at inflated costs. Governmental constraints, including export restrictions, sanctions, new or increased import duties or tariffs, and countervailing or anti-dumping duties, also impact the cost of raw materials and other manufacturing and operating costs. The global trade landscape is growing more volatile, including as a result of 2025 and early 2026 executive orders in the U.S. for the imposition of new tariffs, the retaliatory counter measures by other countries and the likelihood and unpredictability of further tariffs and related countermeasures . We continually monitor the global trade environment and any changes in tariffs, trade agreements, restrictions, or sanctions that may impact the Company or our suppliers or customers, and work to mitigate potential impacts. Inflation worldwide and in the United States has resulted in an increase in the costs of materials and labor. While we generally intend to pass along higher raw material and energy costs to our customers through contractual agreements in the form of price increases, there can be a delay between an increase in our costs and our ability to increase the prices of our products. Additionally, we may not be able to increase the prices of our products due to competitive pricing pressure and other factors. If the Company is unable to pass through or offset significant cost increases through customer price increases, productivity improvements, cost reduction or other programs, Howmet s business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The timing, extent, application, and level of tariffs by various governments and our ability to recover tariffs are subject to changes and uncertainties and given the unpredictability and frequency of these changes, there can be no assurance we will be able to successfully mitigate the impacts of changes in the global trade environment and if the Company is unable to mitigate these impacts, Howmet s business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 9 Table of Contents Howmet is unable to predict the future course of industry variables, the strength of the U.S., regional or global economies, or the effects of government actions. Negative economic conditions, such as a major economic downturn or recession, continued inflation, changes in the global trade landscape or disruptions in the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on Howmet s business, financial condition, or results of operations. A material disruption of, or manufacturing difficulties at, Howmet s manufacturing operations could adversely affect Howmet s business. If Howmet s operations, particularly at one of its key manufacturing facilities, were to be disrupted, including because of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, violence, theft, sabotage, adverse weather conditions, public health crises, labor disputes, labor shortages, or other reasons, Howmet may be unable to effectively meet its obligations to, or demand from, its customers. In addition, the manufacture of many of Howmet s products is a complex process. Manufacturing problems arising from equipment failure or malfunction, inadvertent failure to follow regulatory or customer specifications and procedures, including those related to quality or safety, and problems with raw materials could have an adverse impact on the Company s ability to fulfill orders or meet product quality or performance requirements, which may result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation, adversely impacting product demand and customer relationships. Interruptions in production capability could increase Howmet s costs and reduce its sales, including causing the Company to incur costs for premium freight, make substantial capital expenditures, or purchase alternative material at higher costs to fulfill customer orders. Additionally, a delivery delay by us due to production interruptions could subject us to liability from customer claims that such delay resulted in losses to the customer. Furthermore, product manufacturing or performance issues could result in recalls, customer penalties, contract cancellation, and product liability exposure in addition to a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Because of approval, license, and qualification requirements applicable to manufacturers and/or their suppliers, sources of alternatives to mitigate manufacturing disruptions may not be readily available to Howmet or its customers. Howmet is dependent on a limited number of suppliers for materials and services essential to our operations, including raw materials, and supply chain disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. Howmet has supply arrangements with suppliers for various materials and services, including raw materials. We maintain annual or long-term contracts for a majority of our supply requirements, and, for the remainder, we depend on spot purchases. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew, or obtain replacements for, any of our long-term contracts when they expire on terms that are as favorable as our existing agreements, or at all. For certain raw materials and services, we depend on a number of limited source or sole source suppliers, such as for titanium sponge and specialized metal alloys. Supply constraints could impact our production or force us to purchase materials and other supplies from alternative sources, which may not be available in sufficient quantities, at prices that are favorable to us or in a timely manner. Howmet could also have exposure if a key supplier is unable to deliver sufficient quantities of a necessary material on a timely basis. Several of our suppliers have had, in the past, constraints on their ability to supply Howmet with its full requirements due to lack of capacity, labor shortages and/or material availability. If such constraints were to continue or escalate, it could result in an adverse impact on our business. Because of approval, license and qualification requirements applicable to manufacturers and/or their suppliers, sources of alternatives to mitigate supply disruptions may not be readily available to Howmet. Any delay in supply from these suppliers could prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products. The availability and costs of certain raw materials necessary for the production of Howmet s products may also be influenced by private or government entities, including as a result of changes in geopolitical conditions or regulatory requirements, labor relations between the producers and their work forces, and unstable governments in exporting nations. Any of the foregoing supply chain disruptions or those due to trade barriers, business continuity, quality, cyberattacks, transportation, delivery or logistics challenges, weather, natural disaster, war, or pandemic events could adversely affect Howmet s business, results of operations or financial condition. Howmet s business depends, in part, on its ability to successfully meet program demand, production targets, and commitments. Howmet is currently under contract to supply components for a number of existing and new commercial, general aviation, military aircraft, and aircraft engine programs. Many of these contracts contemplate production increases over the next several years. If Howmet fails to meet production targets and commitments, or encounters difficulty or unexpected costs in meeting such levels, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s reputation, business, operating results, or financial condition. Similarly, to the extent demand for our products increases rapidly and significantly in future periods, we may not be able to ramp up production quickly enough to meet the demand, which could result in lost opportunities for growth and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or competitive position. 10 Table of Contents Failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce and key personnel or to provide adequate succession planning could adversely affect Howmet s operations and competitiveness. Howmet s global operations require qualified and skilled personnel with relevant industry and technical experience. Additionally, the increase in aerospace demand requires the Company to successfully recruit, train, and retain new workers and talent. Shortages in certain skills, in areas such as engineering, manufacturing, and technology, and other labor market inadequacies have created more competition for talent. A sustained labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover, labor inflation, or increase in general labor costs could lead to higher labor, recruiting, or training costs to attract and retain personnel. If the Company fails to attract, train, develop, and retain a global workforce with the skills and in the locations we need to operate and grow our business, our business and operations could be adversely impacted. Furthermore, the continuity of key personnel and the preservation of institutional knowledge are vital to the success of the Company s growth and business strategy. The loss of key personnel could significantly harm Howmet s business, and any unplanned turnover or failure to develop adequate succession plans for key positions could deplete the Company s institutional knowledge base, result in loss of technical or other expertise, delay or impede the execution of the Company s business plans, and erode Howmet s competitiveness. Howmet could be adversely affected by the loss of key customers or significant changes in the business or financial condition of its customers. Howmet has long-term contracts with a significant number of its customers, some of which are subject to renewal, renegotiation, or re-pricing at periodic intervals or upon changes in competitive supply conditions. Howmet s failure to successfully renew, renegotiate, or favorably re-price such agreements, or a material deterioration in or termination of these customer relationships, could result in a reduction or loss in customer revenue. Additionally, a significant downturn, adverse development or deterioration in the business or financial condition of a key customer, or the loss of a key customer, could adversely affect Howmet s financial results. For example, quality control issues at The Boeing Company ( Boeing ) relating to which the Federal Aviation Administration did not approve production rate increases for the Boeing 737 MAX until October 2025 and a Boeing labor union work stoppage in late 2024 negatively impacted narrow body and wide body production rates. Boeing production rates have had and are expected to have a material impact on the financial performance of Howmet. Howmet s customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for their products, decreases in production rates due to regulatory investigations or otherwise, supply chain constraints or other difficulties in their businesses. Howmet s customers may also change their business strategies or modify their business relationships with Howmet, including to reduce the amount of Howmet s products they purchase, to switch to alternative suppliers, or to enter into the markets themselves to compete with Howmet. If Howmet s customers reduce, terminate or delay purchases from Howmet due to the foregoing factors or otherwise and Howmet is unsuccessful in enforcing its contract rights or replacing such business in whole or in part or replaces it with less profitable business, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Howmet s products are used in a variety of military applications, including military aircraft. Although many of the military programs in which Howmet participates extend several years, changes in military strategy, policy and priorities, or reductions in defense spending, may affect current and future funding of these programs and could reduce the demand for Howmet s products, which could adversely affect Howmet s business, financial condition, or results of operations. Information technology system failures, cyberattacks, and security breaches may threaten the integrity of Howmet s intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences having a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Howmet s information technology systems could be subject to damage or interruption from power outages; computer network and telecommunications failures; cyberattacks; catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war, or terrorism; and usage errors by employees. If Howmet s information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the Company may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and Howmet may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in its operations. Any material disruption in the Company s information technology systems, or delays or difficulties in implementing or integrating new systems or enhancing current systems, could have an adverse effect on Howmet s business, financial condition, or results of operations. Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cyberattacks pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties. The Company believes that it faces threats of cyberattacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of its operations, and its technological innovations. The Company has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. Although past attacks did not result in known losses of any critical data or have a material impact on Howmet s financial condition or results of operations, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. The use of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, presents risks and challenges that can 11 Table of Contents impact our business. Unauthorized use or misuse of AI by the Company's employees, vendors or others may result in the disclosure of confidential Company or customer data, reputational harm, privacy law violations, cybersecurity risks, and legal liability. Additionally, while the use of AI can be beneficial to the Company, AI algorithms are currently known to sometimes produce unexpected results or behave in unpredictable ways that can generate, among other things, irrelevant, nonsensical, inaccurate, harmful, discriminatory or infringing results, which could harm the Company s business, reputation, or result in legal or regulatory actions. While the Company continually works to safeguard its systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity incidents that manipulate or improperly use the Company s systems or networks, compromise confidential, personal or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, block access to its systems, or otherwise disrupt its operations. The occurrence of such events could negatively impact Howmet s reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability, and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Howmet faces significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability. As discussed in Competitive Conditions in Part I, Item 1 (Business) of this report, the markets for Howmet s products are highly competitive. Howmet s competitors include a variety of both U.S. and non-U.S. companies in our product markets, which could include existing customers. New entrants in our markets, new product offerings, new and/or emerging technologies in the marketplace, or new facilities may compete with or replace Howmet products. The willingness of customers to accept alternative solutions for the products sold by Howmet, pricing pressure from competitors, and technological advancements or other developments, including the use of AI, by or affecting Howmet s competitors or customers could adversely affect Howmet s business, financial condition, or results of operations. Howmet s competitive position and future performance depend, in part, on the Company s ability to develop and innovate products, deploy technology initiatives, and implement advanced manufacturing technologies, including through the use of new and evolving technologies, including AI. The Company's competitors may adopt new technological initiatives and implement technological advancements using AI to pursue new or improved products and services more quickly, profitably, successfully and effectively than the Company. While Howmet intends to continue to develop innovative new products and services, and implement advanced technologies, including through the use of AI, it may not be able to successfully differentiate its products or services from those of its competitors or achieve and maintain technological advantages. In addition, Howmet may face increased competition due to industry consolidation. Companies that are strategic partners in some areas of Howmet s business may acquire or form alliances with Howmet s competitors, thereby reducing their business with Howmet. Industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors who are better able to obtain favorable terms from suppliers or who are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. Consolidation within Howmet s customer base may result in customers who are better able to exert leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, or may lead to reduced demand for Howmet s products if a combined entity replaces Howmet with a Howmet competitor with which it had prior relationships. The result of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on Howmet s business, operating results and financial condition. Howmet s global operations expose Howmet to risks that could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, or the market price of its securities. Howmet has operations or activities in numerous countries and regions outside the United States, including Europe, Mexico, China, and Japan. As a result, Howmet s global operations are affected by economic, political, legal, and other conditions in the United States and foreign countries in which Howmet does business, including (i) economic and commercial instability risks, including changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, such as those related to tariffs, sanctions and trade barriers, taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations, and repatriation of assets or earnings; (ii) geopolitical risks such as political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization of properties by a government, imposition of sanctions, and renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements; (iii) wars such as those in Ukraine and the Middle East, cyber threats, terrorist activities, or other dangerous conditions; (iv) compliance with applicable U.S. and foreign laws, including antitrust and competition regulations, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and corruption laws, and laws concerning trade, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations, and the sanctions, regulations and embargoes administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control; (v) aggressive, selective or lax enforcement of laws and regulations by foreign governmental authorities; (vi) exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as inflation, economic factors, and currency controls in the countries in which it operates; and (vii) major public health issues, such as an outbreak of a pandemic or epidemic. Although the effect of any of the foregoing factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect Howmet s business, financial condition, or results of operations. 12 Table of Contents Howmet may not realize the expected benefits of acquisitions on the anticipated time frame or at all. On December 22, 2025, Howmet entered into a purchase agreement with Stanley Black Decker, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to purchase CAM for a cash purchase price of approximately $1.8 billion, subject to customary adjustments. Completion of the Proposed CAM Acquisition is subject to a number of conditions set forth in the purchase agreement, some of which are beyond the Company s control. These conditions may impact the ability of the Company to complete the Proposed CAM Acquisition on the expected terms and within the anticipated closing time period or at all because required regulatory approval or other conditions to closing are not received or satisfied on a timely basis or at all. In addition, the occurrence of certain events, changes or other circumstances could give rise to the termination of the purchase agreement and prevent the completion of the Proposed CAM Acquisition. Howmet may not realize the expected benefits of the Proposed CAM Acquisition, including the anticipated synergies and favorable tax treatment of the proposed transaction and the anticipated broader offering of fastening solutions within the anticipated time frame, or at all. Howmet intends to finance the Proposed CAM Acquisition through utilizing a variety of financing sources, which may include borrowing under its commercial paper program or debt facilities, the issuance of debt securities and cash on hand. For more information, see Liquidity and Capital Resources Planned Financing for the Proposed CAM Acquisition in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations). However, no assurance can be given that Howmet will obtain the intended financing for the Proposed CAM Acquisition on commercially reasonable terms or terms acceptable to us, and the Company may be required to finance a portion of the purchase price of the Proposed CAM Acquisition at interest rates higher than currently expected. Any failure to complete the Proposed CAM Acquisition on the anticipated time frame or at all, and any limitations on Howmet s ability to obtain financing and related reductions in the Company s liquidity or increases in the Company s borrowing costs may adversely affect Howmet s business, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition to the Proposed CAM Acquisition, Howmet may continue to pursue other acquisitions and take other strategic actions to grow or streamline its portfolio. There can be no assurance that we will be able to execute upon any such acquisitions or strategic actions, or that any anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or actions will be realized. Acquisitions, including the planned Proposed CAM Acquisition, present significant operational challenges and risks, including the effective integration of the business into the Company, which may be more difficult, time consuming or more costly than expected and may divert management attention from the Company s existing business. Acquisitions, including the Proposed CAM Acquisition, may increase operating costs, expose the Company to potential unforeseen issues and legal liabilities, including the assumption of liabilities (including unforeseen liabilities) of acquired companies or businesses, increase cybersecurity issues or vulnerabilities or result in customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in retaining or maintaining relationships with employees, customers or suppliers). Any of the foregoing may adversely affect Howmet s business, financial condition, or results of operations. Risks Related to Liquidity and Capital Resources A decline in Howmet s financial performance or outlook could negatively impact its credit profile, its access to capital markets and its borrowing costs. A decline in the Company s financial performance or outlook due to internal or external factors, such as macroeconomic conditions, a deterioration in the Company s financial metrics or a contraction in the Company s liquidity, could adversely affect the Company s credit ratings and its access to the capital or credit markets on terms and conditions that the Company finds acceptable. Credit ratings may be revised or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of the credit rating organizations. A downgrade of Howmet s credit ratings could result in negative consequences, including limiting its ability to obtain future financing on favorable terms, if at all, increasing borrowing costs and credit facility fees, triggering collateral postings, and adversely affecting the market price of Howmet securities. For information on our credit ratings, see Liquidity and Capital Resources in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations). Limitations on Howmet s ability to access global capital markets, a reduction in Howmet s liquidity or an increase in borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect Howmet s ability to maintain or grow its business, which in turn may adversely affect its financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. An adverse decline in the liability discount rate, lower-than-expected investment return on pension assets, and other factors could adversely affect Howmet s results of operations or amount of pension funding contributions in future periods. Howmet s results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense Howmet records for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans, by reductions in the fair value of plan assets and by other factors. Howmet calculates income or expense for its plans using actuarial valuations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change due to changes in key economic indicators. The most significant year-end assumptions used by Howmet to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit income or expense for the following year are the discount rate applied to plan liabilities and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. In addition, Howmet is required to make an annual measurement of plan assets 13 Table of Contents and liabilities, which may result in a significant charge to shareholders equity. For a discussion regarding how Howmet s financial statements can be affected by pension and other postretirement benefits accounting policies, see Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and Note G to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 . Adverse capital market conditions could result in reductions in the fair value of plan assets and increase the Company s liabilities related to such plans. Additionally, unpredictable future declines in the discount rate or lower-than-expected investment returns on plan assets could lead to a decline in the plans funded status and result in higher than expected pension contributions. The foregoing factors may adversely affect the Company s financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. Dividends and share repurchases fall within the discretion of our Board of Directors and depend on a number of factors. Share repurchases and the declaration of dividends fall within the discretion of Howmet s Board of Directors (the Board ), and the Board s decision regarding such matters depends on many factors, including Howmet s financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, covenants associated with certain of the Company s debt obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that the Board deems relevant. There can be no assurance that the Company will declare dividends or repurchase stock in the future in any particular amounts, or at all. The Company may modify, suspend, or cancel its share repurchase program or any dividend policy in any manner and at any time that it may deem necessary or appropriate. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters Howmet may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations, or changes in U.S. federal, state, or foreign law, regulation, or policy. The manufacture and sale of our products expose Howmet to potential product liability, personal injury, property damage, and related claims. In the event that a Howmet product fails to perform as expected, regardless of fault, or is used in an unexpected manner, and such failure or use results in, or is alleged to result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or other losses, Howmet may be subject to product liability lawsuits and other claims, or may participate in a recall or other corrective action involving such product. In addition, if a Howmet product is perceived to be defective or unsafe, Howmet s sales could decrease, its reputation could be adversely impacted and Howmet could be exposed to government investigations or regulatory enforcement actions. Howmet is also subject to a variety of global legal and regulatory compliance risks in connection with its business and products. These risks include, among other things, potential claims, class action lawsuits or compliance issues, including those relating to securities laws, employment laws, intellectual property rights, cyber, security and privacy, insurance, commercial matters, antitrust and competition, human rights, third-party relationships, governance and sustainability (including climate-related/sustainability and other) rules and regulations, supply chain operations, and the manufacture and sale of products. In addition, laws and regulations focused on the development, use and provision of certain new technologies, such as AI (including generative AI) technologies, and the enforcement thereof are growing worldwide and may impose certain obligations on Howmet, may limit how we use these technologies and could result in reputational damage, monetary penalties or other regulatory actions to the extent Howmet uses such technologies and fails to comply with such obligations. Monitoring and responding to new and rapidly developing laws and regulations could be costly or have an adverse effect on our operations. An adverse outcome in one or more of proceedings or investigations, or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that the Company cannot predict with certainty, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows, including reputational harm, loss of customers, and substantial monetary damages and/or non-monetary penalties. For additional information regarding the legal proceedings involving the Company, see Note U to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 . Our business may be adversely affected if we fail to comply with government contracting regulations. We derive a portion of our revenue from sales to U.S. and foreign governments and their respective agencies. Such contracts are subject to various procurement laws and regulations and contract provisions relating to their formation, administration, and performance. Compliance with new laws and regulations or changes to existing ones (including, but not limited to, those related to subcontracting, cybersecurity, and specialty metals) can increase our risks and/or costs. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations or provisions in our government contracts could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, increased pricing pressure, or suspension from future government contracting. If our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected. 14 Table of Contents Howmet may face challenges to its intellectual property rights which could adversely affect the Company s reputation, business, and competitive position. Howmet owns important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets. The Company s intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining Howmet s competitive position in a number of the markets that the Company serves. Howmet s competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to Howmet s proprietary technologies, or design around the patents Howmet owns or licenses. Despite its controls and safeguards, Howmet s technology may be misappropriated by its employees, its competitors or other third parties. Furthermore, unauthorized use, misuse or increased use of AI may increase the risk of a loss of intellectual property, including, for instance, if an employee inputs confidential information, such as trade secrets, into AI or machine learning technologies, resulting in such information becoming accessible by third parties, including competitors. The pursuit of remedies for any misappropriation of Howmet intellectual property is expensive and the ultimate remedies may be deemed insufficient. Further, in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of misappropriation of Howmet intellectual property increases, despite efforts the Company undertakes to protect it. Developments or assertions by or against Howmet relating to intellectual property rights, and any inability to protect or enforce Howmet s rights sufficiently, could adversely affect Howmet s business and competitive position. Unanticipated changes in Howmet s tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect Howmet s future profitability. Howmet is subject to income taxes in both the United States and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Its domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution of income among these different jurisdictions. Changes in applicable domestic or foreign tax laws and regulations, including the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development s Pillar 2 framework and related safe harbors, or their interpretation and application, could affect the Company s tax expense and profitability. Howmet s tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions. The assumptions include assessments of future earnings of the Company that could impact the valuation of its deferred tax assets. The Company s future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall profitability of the Company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the results of tax audits, and examinations of previously filed tax returns or related litigation and continuing assessments of its tax exposures. Labor disputes and other employee relations issues could adversely affect Howmet s business, financial condition, or results of operations. A significant portion of Howmet s employees are represented by labor unions in the United States and other countries under various collective bargaining agreements, each with varying durations and expiration dates. For more information, see Employees in Part I, Item 1 (Business) of this report. Howmet may not be able to negotiate successor collective bargaining agreements upon expiration without a risk of labor disputes, including strikes or work stoppages, or we may be unable to renegotiate such contracts on favorable terms. Labor organizations may attempt to organize groups of additional employees from time to time, and potential changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so. Howmet may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to its business or collective bargaining agreements. If we experience any extended interruption of operations at any of our facilities as a result of labor disputes, strikes, or other work stoppages, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. Howmet is exposed to environmental, health, and safety risks and is subject to a broad range of health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations which may result in substantial costs and liabilities. Howmet and its worldwide operations, as well as its customers and suppliers, are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations, as well as participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, and internal voluntary programs, have been, and in the future could be, significant. Environmental matters for which Howmet may be liable may arise in the future at its present sites, at sites owned or operated by its predecessors or affiliates, at sites that it may acquire in the future, or at third-party sites used by Howmet, its predecessors or affiliates for material and waste handling and disposal. Compliance with health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations, including increased indirect costs resulting from our suppliers incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us, and remediation obligations, may impact Howmet s results of operations or liquidity. In addition, the industrial activities conducted at Howmet s facilities present a significant risk of injury or death to our employees or third parties that may be on site. Our operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state, and local agencies in the United States, including the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and regulation by foreign government entities abroad responsible for employee health and safety. Material liabilities relating to injury, death, or other workers compensation claims could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition or result in negative publicity and/or significant reputational harm. 15 Table of Contents Howmet may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory, customer, or supplier responses to such change. Increased concern over climate change has led to new and proposed legislative and regulatory initiatives, such as cap-and-trade systems and additional limits on emissions of greenhouse gases, which in turn may trigger customer decarbonization requirements. New or revised laws, regulations, and policies in this area and customer decarbonization requirements could directly and indirectly affect Howmet and its customers and suppliers, including by increasing the costs of production or impacting demand for certain products, which could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, Howmet and its customers and suppliers utilize natural gas, electricity and other fuels to operate their facilities. Significant increased energy costs and/or costs to transition to renewable energy sources, as a result of new laws, such as carbon pricing or product energy efficiency requirements, or as a result of customer requirements, could be passed along to the Company and its suppliers. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by the Company or its customers or suppliers. Physical risks associated with the climate, such as flooding, extreme winds, and extreme precipitation, expose us to risks of damage of Howmet locations or those of its suppliers or customers. Prolonged periods of drought may result in wildfires and/or restrictions on process water use. These climate-related impacts may have an adverse effect on the production capacity of Howmet sites or those of its suppliers or customers. Climate change may result in an increase of such risks and the impact they have on our business. These types of incidents could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. With respect to the various transaction agreements that the Company entered into in connection with its separation transactions, if the counterparties fail to meet their obligations or if we have material indemnification obligations under such agreements, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. In connection with our separation transactions, we entered into various agreements with Arconic Corporation and Alcoa Corporation, including respective Separation and Distribution agreements pursuant to which Arconic Corporation and Alcoa Corporation agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, and we agreed to indemnify those parties for certain liabilities. We rely on these parties to satisfy their performance and payment obligations under these agreements. If either party is unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations under its applicable agreements, we could incur operational difficulties and/or material losses. The indemnities that we are required to provide Alcoa Corporation and Arconic Corporation under these agreements are currently not material. If either Alcoa Corporation or Arconic Corporation is not able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations to us, we may be required to bear such losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 