=== PWR_2026-04-10.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A DEF 14A false 0001050915 0001050915 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001050915 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001050915 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001050915 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001050915 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 pwr:DeductionForSummaryCompensationTableTotalForStockAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 pwr:DeductionForSummaryCompensationTableTotalForStockAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001050915 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12 Quanta Services, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials: Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Quanta 2026 PROXY STATEMENT NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Quanta Services, Inc. 2727 North Loop West Houston, TX 77008 | (713) 629-7600 TO BE HELD MAY 21, 2026 To our Stockholders: The annual meeting of stockholders of Quanta Services, Inc. ( Quanta ) will be held at the company s corporate headquarters, located at 2727 North Loop West, Houston, Texas 77008, on May 21, 2026, at 8:30 a.m. local time. At the meeting, you will be asked to consider and act upon the following matters, which are more fully described in the accompanying Proxy Statement: 1. Election of ten directors nominated by Quanta s Board of Directors; 2. Approval, by non-binding advisory vote, of the compensation of Quanta s named executive officers for fiscal year 2025; 3. Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Quanta s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026; and 4. Action upon any other matters that are properly brought before the meeting, or any adjournments or postponements of the meeting, by or at the direction of the Board of Directors. Our stockholders of record at the close of business on April 2, 2026, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Matthew D. McCoy Corporate Secretary Houston, Texas April 10, 2026 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 21, 2026: The Notice, Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report to Stockholders are available at www.proxydocs.com/PWR. PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Quanta Services, Inc. 2727 North Loop West Houston, TX 77008 | (713) 629-7600 This summary highlights selected information about the items to be voted on at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Quanta Services, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, Quanta or the Company ). This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider in deciding how to vote. You should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Where The Company s corporate headquarters, located at 2727 North Loop West, Houston, Texas 77008 When May 21, 2026, at 8:30 a.m. local time Record Date Our stockholders of record at the close of business on April 2, 2026, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. Annual Meeting Agenda and Voting Recommendations Stockholders are being asked to vote on three agenda matters: Proposal Board Recommendation Proposal 1 Election of ten directors nominated by Quanta s Board of Directors FOR Each Director Nominee Proposal 2 Approval, by non-binding advisory vote, of the compensation of Quanta s named executive officers for fiscal year 2025 FOR Proposal 3 Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Quanta s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 FOR Voting Your Shares Your vote is important. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person, the Board of Directors of Quanta (the Board ) recommends that you cast your vote as soon as possible. Stockholders of record may vote by any of the below methods. Internet Telephone Mail www.proxypush.com/PWR 1-866-390-5316 If you received a paper copy of the proxy form by mail, complete, sign, date and return your proxy card in the pre-addressed, postage-paid envelope provided. i PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Proposal 1: Election of Directors The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the director nominees. u See page 1 for further information Director Nominees The table below provides summary information about each director nominee. Each director nominee is elected annually by a majority of votes cast. Committees Name, Age, and Principal Position / Experience Director Since AC CC GNC FIC SORC Earl C. (Duke) Austin, Jr. (56) President and Chief Executive Officer of Quanta 2016 Warner L. Baxter (64) Independent Former Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ameren Corporation 2024 F Doyle N. Beneby (66) Independent Chairman of the Board of Quanta and Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Midland Cogeneration Venture 2016 Bernard Fried (69) Independent Principal of BF Consulting and Former Chief Executive Officer of Plastikon Industries, Inc. 2004 Worthing F. Jackman (61) Independent Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Waste Connections, Inc. 2005 F Joseph Kim (54) Independent President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Sunoco GP LLC, general partner of Sunoco LP - Holli C. Ladhani (55) Independent Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Select Energy Services, Inc. 2021 F Jo-ann M. dePass Olsovsky (61) Independent Former Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Salesforce, Inc. 2024 R. Scott Rowe (55) Independent President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Flowserve Corporation 2022 Martha B. Wyrsch (68) Independent Former Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Sempra Energy 2019 Committees Chairman Member F Financial Expert AC - Audit Committee GNC - Governance and Nominating Committee CC - Compensation Committee FIC - Finance and Investment Committee SORC - Safety, Operations and Risk Committee ii PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Snapshot of 2026 Director Nominees Board Qualifications, Skills and Experience The Board regularly reviews the desired qualifications, skills and experiences that it believes are appropriate to oversee Quanta s business and long-term strategy. Attributes brought by director nominees include: Corporate Governance Highlights We are committed to strong governance standards, as evidenced by the key best practices below. Annual election of directors Majority voting standard for election of directors in uncontested elections Director resignation policy Holders of Quanta common stock vote as a single class on all matters Separate Independent Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Annual stockholder engagement Robust stock ownership requirements for directors and officers iii PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Meaningful annual limit on non-employee director compensation Code of Conduct that applies to all directors, officers and employees Robust oversight process of business strategy, risk management and corporate sustainability and responsibility matters Commitment to Board refreshment and composition aligned with the strategic direction of the Company Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the advisory resolution approving the compensation of Quanta s named executive officers for fiscal year 2025. u See page 31 for further information Compensation Overview During 2025, Quanta continued to utilize its innovative approach to its infrastructure solutions, combined with the strength of its portfolio of services, to perform at a high level and produce superior operational and financial results. Quanta achieved many strategic, operational and financial accomplishments throughout the Company. The Company achieved many record financial results, including record annual revenues, net income attributable to common stock, adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share, as well as record net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow. Quanta also ended 2025 with record remaining performance obligations and backlog, exemplifying the accelerating demand across the Company s markets and positioning the Company well for 2026. Quanta continued to develop and expand key service offerings and enhance the Company s position as a total solutions provider for its customers as they continue to execute significant capital budgets in response to overall load growth, which is being driven by technology advancements and grid resilience and security initiatives. In furtherance of these strategic initiatives, during 2025 Quanta completed eight acquisitions that augmented its existing solutions offerings, including with respect to mechanical infrastructure solutions, civil solutions and aviation services, as well as a strategic supply chain investment in a company that specializes in harvesting, treating and manufacturing wood poles for the utility and telecommunication industries. Of note, Quanta completed the strategic acquisition of Dynamic Systems (DSI), LLC, a provider of turnkey mechanical, plumbing and process infrastructure solutions to a diversified customer base that includes technology, semiconductor, healthcare and other load center markets, which provides Quanta with a mechanical solutions platform that expands and diversifies its customer base and enhances its ability to provide cost- and labor-certain infrastructure solutions at scale. Quanta believes its consistent performance and these accomplishments are indicative of the strength of its solutions-based strategy and remains focused on delivering superior financial performance and returning value to its stockholders. Quanta also remains focused on continuing its commitments to all stakeholders of the Company, including the safety and training of its workforce and responsible performance within communities in which it operates. With respect to performance under the Company s 2025 annual incentive plan, the overall achievement percentage was 126.8% of target performance, which was driven by significant year-over-year improvement and above-target performance with respect to the earnings- and margin-based performance metrics, partially offset by performance slightly below target with respect to the safety performance improvement metric. Quanta also completed an exceptional 2023-2025 performance cycle that resulted in an achievement percentage of 188.5% of target performance under the 2023 long-term incentive plan, driven by continued improvement in the utilization of capital. Additionally, the financial performance targets and metrics included in the Company s 2025 annual and long-term incentive plans continue to generally represent improvement over historical performance and prior targets and support Quanta s strategic initiatives with respect to increased earnings and improvement in return on invested capital. iv PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 2025 Target Compensation Mix Quanta s named executive officer ( NEO ) compensation is primarily comprised of base salary, short-term cash incentives and long-term equity incentives. Target award levels generally reflect competitive market levels and practices, with upside opportunity for performance above target levels, and performance measures are chosen to align the interests of executives with stockholders. 2025 Long-Term Incentive Plan Equity Mix A significant portion of equity-based incentive awards (70% with respect to the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and President of Electric Power and 60% with respect to other NEOs) is tied to measurable Company performance over a 3-year performance period. v PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Elements of Executive Compensation Element and Form of Compensation Performance / Payment Criteria Purpose Base Salary Cash Individual performance and experience in the role are factors To provide fixed compensation necessary to attract and retain key executives, and offset variability that may impact performance-based compensation Short-Term Incentive Cash Tied to the achievement of performance targets related to (i) adjusted EBITDA; (ii) adjusted EBITDA margin; and (iii) safety performance To incentivize and reward achievement of annual financial and operational performance targets, which focus on profitable growth and safe execution Long-Term Incentive Performance Stock Units ( PSUs ) Cliff-vest at the end of a 3-year performance period Tied to the achievement of return on invested capital and cumulative adjusted earnings per share, as well as relative total stockholder return To incentivize achievement of our long-term financial performance targets that focus on strategic initiatives, including effective deployment of capital and earnings growth To align management and stockholder interests and to attract and promote retention of key executives Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ) Vest over three years in equal annual installments To align management and stockholder interests and attract and promote retention of key executives Other Compensation Retirement Benefits and Perquisites Not applicable To maintain the health and safety of executives To provide a competitive compensation package and, in certain cases, optimize key executives time vi PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Compensation Governance We are committed to strong governance standards that ensure our executive compensation program is closely aligned with the interests of our stockholders and other stakeholders, as evidenced by the policies and practices described below. What We Do Stock Ownership Guidelines. We maintain meaningful stock ownership guidelines that align our executives long-term interests with those of our stockholders and discourage excessive risk-taking. Clawback Policy. We maintain clawback policies that permit the Company to recover from executive officers and key employees of Quanta and its subsidiaries cash or equity incentive compensation in certain circumstances involving a restatement of the Company s financial statements. Annual Review. Our Compensation Committee engages its own independent compensation consultant, which performs an annual comprehensive market analysis of our executive compensation program and pay levels. Performance-Based Compensation. The majority of the target compensation for our NEOs is subject to objective and measurable key financial and operational performance metrics, including earnings, margin, return on capital and employee safety performance. Annual Say-on-Pay Vote. We provide our stockholders with an annual opportunity to participate in an advisory vote on NEO compensation. Performance Thresholds and Maximums. All performance-based awards require that the Company achieve a threshold level of performance to receive any award and provide for a cap on the maximum award in the event the established performance criteria is dramatically exceeded. Modest Perquisites. Our NEOs receive a modest amount of perquisites, which are intended to promote health and safety, provide convenience in light of the demands of their positions, assist them in serving necessary business purposes, and provide a competitive compensation package (e.g., executive physical program, allowance for certain designated items). What We Don t Do X Pledging. We maintain an anti-pledging policy that prohibits directors and executive officers from pledging Quanta securities as collateral for a loan absent pre-clearance and demonstration of financial capacity to repay without resorting to the pledged securities. X Hedging. We maintain an anti-hedging policy that prohibits directors and executive officers from hedging the economic risk of ownership of Quanta common stock. X Gross-Up. Our employment agreements with NEOs do not provide for gross-ups of excise taxes on severance or other payments in connection with a change in control. X Single-Trigger Equity Awards. Equity awards granted subsequent to August 2023 are subject to double-trigger vesting in connection with a change in control in which the transaction consideration does not consist solely of cash. Proposal 3: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Quanta s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. u See page 75 for further information vii TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Recommendation X PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY i QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS 1 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 13 Board Leadership Structure 13 Board s Role in Strategy 15 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 15 Board Independence 17 Executive Sessions of Non-Management Directors 17 Director Meetings 17 Committees of the Board 18 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 22 Code of Conduct 22 Engagement and Communications with the Board 22 Board and Committee Evaluations 24 Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Director 24 Director Qualifications 25 Director Compensation 25 2025 Director Compensation Table 28 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 29 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS 31 Compensation Committee Report 31 Executive Summary 31 Compensation Philosophy 36 Elements of Executive Compensation 37 Executive Compensation Decisions for 2025 38 Stock Ownership Guidelines 48 Insider Trading Policy 48 Pledging, Hedging and Other Transactions in Quanta Securities 49 Clawback Policies 49 Employment Agreements 50 Indemnification Agreements 50 Risk Considerations in Our Compensation Program 50 2025 Compensation Process 51 Impact of Regulatory Requirements on Our Executive Compensation Decisions 53 Conclusion 53 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 54 2025 Compensation Tables 54 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in 2025 60 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 62 Estimated Potential Payments 65 Equity Compensation Plan Information 67 Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio 68 Pay Versus Performance 69 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 73 Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 73 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 75 Proposal 3: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 75 Audit Committee Report 76 Audit Fees 77 SECURITY OWNERSHIP 78 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 78 Security Ownership of Management 79 Employee, Officer and Director Hedging 80 CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS 81 Related Party Transactions 81 Review of Related Party Transactions 82 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 82 GENERAL INFORMATION 83 Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting 83 Stockholder Proposals and Nominations of Directors for the 2027 Annual Meeting 87 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 89 Other Matters 89 APPENDIX A RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES A-1 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS Proposal 1: Election of Directors The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the director nominees. The Board currently consists of ten directors, whose current terms of office all expire at the Annual Meeting. Ra l Valent n, currently a member of our Board, has chosen not to stand, and has not been nominated for, re-election at the Annual Meeting. Having considered the size, structure and composition of the Board, as well as the strategic direction of the Company and the Board s responsibility for oversight of risks facing the Company, and based on the recommendation of the Governance and Nominating Committee, the Board approved the nomination of Joseph Kim for election at the Annual Meeting, so that the Board shall thereafter continue to consist of ten directors until otherwise determined in accordance with Quanta s bylaws. The Board proposes that the following ten nominees be elected for a new term of one year or until their successors are duly elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. Each of the nominees has consented to serve if elected. If a nominee becomes unwilling or unavailable to serve as a director, the Board may designate a substitute nominee or reduce the number of directors that constitute the Board. In that case, the persons named as proxies will vote for the substitute nominee designated by the Board. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named below. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of Ms. Ladhani, Ms. dePass Olsovsky and Ms. Wyrsch and Messrs. Austin, Baxter, Beneby, Fried, Jackman, Kim and Rowe. Director Nominees The following provides biographical information about each director nominee, including a description of the experience, qualifications and skills that have led the Board to determine that each nominee should serve on the Board. EARL C. (DUKE) AUSTIN, JR. Director Since March 2016 Age: 56 Key Skills and Attributes Industry Experience Risk Oversight and Management Operations / Strategic Planning Senior Leadership Finance / Accounting / Capital Allocation Government / Regulatory Human Capital Management / Safety Leadership Legal / Compliance Corporate Governance, Responsibility and Sustainability Technology / Innovation Positions with Quanta President Chief Executive Officer Business Experience Quanta Services, Inc. Board Member, President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2016 Chief Operating Officer from January 2013 until January 2022 President of the Electric Power Division and Oil and Gas Division from May 2011 until December 2012 and had responsibility for oversight of power and pipeline operations since January 2011 President of the Oil and Gas Division from October 2009 until May 2011 North Houston Pole Line, L.P ., an electric and natural gas specialty contractor and subsidiary of Quanta President from 2001 until September 2009. Other Board Experience Member of the Texas State University System Board of Regents Director of the Southwest Line Chapter of the National Electrical Contractors Association Education Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Management Qualifications Mr. Austin has a demonstrated record of achievement and leadership with Quanta. Through his experience as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Quanta, Mr. Austin brings to the Board insight and information regarding all aspects of the Company s strategy, operations and business. During his tenure as Chief Executive Officer, Quanta has, among other accomplishments, achieved record financial performance and growth; completed strategic acquisitions and investments that have expanded Company s solutions offerings and addressable markets; and implemented significant training and safety initiatives in support of Quanta s craft skilled workforce. Mr. Austin also has extensive technical expertise and knowledge of, and more than 30 years of experience working in, the industries Quanta serves. 1 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS WARNER L. BAXTER Director Since May 2024 Age: 64 Key Skills and Attributes Industry Experience Risk Oversight and Management Operations / Strategic Planning Senior Leadership Finance / Accounting / Capital Allocation Government / Regulatory Human Capital Management / Safety Leadership Corporate Governance, Responsibility and Sustainability Committee Memberships Audit Governance and Nominating Safety, Operations and Risk (Chairman) Business Experience Ameren Corporation , a publicly traded regulated electric and gas utility company serving customers in Missouri and Illinois Executive Chairman from January 2022 until November 2023 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer from 2014 until January 2022 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2003 until 2009 Ameren Missouri , a division of Ameren Corporation Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer from 2009 until 2014 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Various roles, including Senior Manager, at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 1983 to 1995 Other Board Experience Director of WEC Energy Group, a publicly traded regulated electric and gas utility company, from January 2025 until present Director of U.S. Bancorp, a bank holding company, from 2015 until present Director of UMB Financial Corporation, a commercial banking company, from 2013 until 2015 Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Edison Electric Institute, an association representing all U.S. investor-owned electric companies, from June 2022 until June 2023 Vice Chairman from 2020 until June 2022 Chair of the Electric Power Research Institute, a leading, independent not-for-profit research and development organization, from April 2017 until April 2018 Education Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting Qualifications Mr. Baxter brings to the Board his extensive experience as a senior executive and director at publicly traded regulated electric power and natural gas utilities, including as president, chief executive officer, chief financial officer and director. His experience provides valuable customer- and industry-based insights, and brings significant risk oversight, operations and strategic planning knowledge to the Board, as well as expertise and knowledge related to legislative and regulatory matters, corporate governance, sustainability leadership, financial reporting and accounting, and human capital management, including safety, talent development, and compensation. 2 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS DOYLE N. BENEBY Director Since March 2016 Chairman of the Board Age: 66 Key Skills and Attributes Industry Experience Risk Oversight and Management Operations / Strategic Planning Senior Leadership Government / Regulatory Human Capital Management / Safety Leadership Corporate Governance, Responsibility and Sustainability Business Experience Midland Cogeneration Venture , a natural gas-fired combined electrical and energy generating plant located in the United States President and Chief Executive Officer from November 2018 until September 2022 New Generation Power International Chief Executive Officer from October 2015 until May 2016 CPS Energy President and Chief Executive Officer from August 2010 until September 2015 Other Board Experience Director of West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd., a publicly traded forestry company, from April 2023 to present Director of Korn Ferry, a publicly traded global organizational consulting firm, from September 2015 to present Northland Power Inc., a power producer listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, from May 2024 to present Director of Capital Power Corp., a publicly traded independent power generation company, from May 2012 until April 2024 Education Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering Master of Business Administration Qualifications Mr. Beneby brings to the Board his extensive experience as a senior executive at private and municipal utilities and at various energy companies, as well as his experience as a director at public energy and service companies, through which he has a deep knowledge of the industries Quanta serves. Mr. Beneby also brings to the Board significant experience with respect to strategic and operational decision-making, capital allocation, employee management and safety matters and oversight of risk management matters, including the impact of corporate responsibility and sustainability-related issues. 3 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS BERNARD FRIED Director Since March 2004 Age: 69 Key Skills and Attributes Industry Experience Risk Oversight and Management Operations / Strategic Planning Senior Leadership Finance / Accounting / Capital Allocation Technology / Innovation Cybersecurity / Information Security Committee Memberships Compensation Finance and Investment Safety, Operations and Risk Business Experience BF Consulting , a provider of management consulting services Principal from September 2011 to present Plastikon Industries, Inc. , a plastics manufacturing company Chief Executive Officer and director from April 2016 until September 2017 OpTerra Energy Group , an energy conservation measures services provider Executive Chairman from June 2012 until February 2016 Energy Solutions Internationa l, a software provider to the pipeline industry Executive Chairman from March 2011 until May 2015 Siterra Corporation , a software services provider Chief Executive Officer and President from May 2005 until March 2011 Citadon, Inc. , a software services provider Chief Executive Officer and President from 2001 until November 2003, Bechtel Enterprises, Inc. Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director from 1997 until 2000. Education Bachelor of Engineering degree Master of Business Administration Qualifications Mr. Fried brings to the Board his executive management experience, including at companies within Quanta s industries, and his prior service on company boards, including experience with companies involved in domestic and international large-project construction management and within the energy industry. Mr. Fried also brings extensive executive-level and consulting experience working with technology-based companies, as well as valuable knowledge with respect to operations, risk oversight, information technology systems, human resources, finance and international business. 4 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS WORTHING F. JACKMAN Director Since May 2005 Age: 61 Key Skills and Attributes Industry Experience Risk Oversight and Management Operations / Strategic Planning Senior Leadership Finance / Accounting / Capital Allocation Human Capital Management /Safety Leadership Corporate Governance, Responsibility and Sustainability Committee Memberships Audit (Chairman) Finance and Investment Business Experience Waste Connections, Inc ., a publicly traded integrated solid waste services company Chief Executive Officer and director from July 2019 until April 2023 President from July 2018 until April 2023 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from September 2004 until July 2018 Vice President Finance and Investor Relations from April 2003 until August 2004. Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc ., previously Alex. Brown Sons, an investment banking firm Various positions from 1991 until April 2003, most recently serving as Managing Director, Global Industrial and Environmental Services Group Other Board Experience Executive Chairman of WillScot Holdings Corporation, a publicly traded mobile storage solutions and modular building business, from September 2025 to present and Director from October 2024 until June 2025 and Independent Chairman from June 2025 until September 2025 Director of Waste Connections, Inc., an integrated solid waste services company, from July 2019 until April 2023 Education Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration Finance Master of Business Administration Qualifications Mr. Jackman brings to the Board his extensive senior management experience, including as chief executive officer and chief financial officer of a public company. As the former president and chief executive officer of a company that relies on a large workforce to provide quality services to customers, he also provides the Board with valuable insights with respect to development of strategies around human capital management and engagement, as well as other corporate responsibility and sustainability practices. Mr. Jackman also brings to the Board substantial financial, accounting and acquisition expertise developed throughout his career, including through his investment banking experience, and that are valuable to the Board when evaluating the Company s business strategy and significant capital allocation decisions. 5 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS JOSEPH KIM Director Nominee Age: 54 Key Skills and Attributes Industry Experience Risk Oversight and Management Operations / Strategic Planning Senior Leadership Finance / Accounting / Capital Allocation Human Capital Management /Safety Leadership Legal / Compliance Corporate Governance, Responsibility and Sustainability Technology / Innovation Business Experience Sunoco LP, a publicly traded energy infrastructure and fuel distribution master limited partnership President, Chief Executive Officer and director of Sunoco GP LLC, general partner of Sunoco LP, from January 2018 until present President and Chief Operating Officer of Sunoco GP LLC from June 2017 until December 2017 Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer of Sunoco GP LLC from October 2015 until June 2017 Pizza Hut, Inc., a division of Yum! Brands, Inc., a publicly traded company that franchises or operates an international system of restaurant chains Chief Operating Officer from 2013 until 2015 Valero Energy Corporation , a publicly traded, American-based fuels producer mostly involved in manufacturing and marketing transportation fuels and other related products Various roles, including Senior Vice President Retail Strategy and Growth from 1998 until 2013 Arthur Andersen LLP , an accounting firm that provided auditing, tax advising, consulting and other professional services Various roles, Audit and Consulting from 1993 until 1998 Other Board Experience Director of Sunoco GP LLC, general partner of Sunoco LP, from January 2018 to present Education Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration Qualifications Mr. Kim is expected to bring to the Board his extensive experience as a senior executive and director at publicly traded companies, including as president, chief executive officer and chief operating officer. Mr. Kim also brings to the Board experience with respect to operational matters, including supply chain and logistical matters, as well as technical expertise associated with the energy industry and experience related to human capital management and talent development. His experience is also expected to be additive to the Board with respect to oversight of risk management and strategic planning, including decision making associated with strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as other capital allocation matters. Mr. Kim also has substantial financial and accounting expertise and is a financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations. 6 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS HOLLI C. LADHANI Director Since July 2021 Age: 55 Key Skills and Attributes Industry Experience Risk Oversight and Management Operations / Strategic Planning Senior Leadership Finance / Accounting / Capital Allocation Human Capital Management /Safety Leadership Corporate Governance, Responsibility and Sustainability Committee Memberships Audit Finance and Investment (Chairman) Business Experience Select Energy Services, Inc. , a publicly traded provider of water management and chemical solutions to the energy industry President, Chief Executive Officer and director from November 2017 until January 2021 Rockwater Energy Solutions, Inc ., a provider of water management and chemical solutions to the energy industry Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer from 2015 until November 2017 Various other positions from 2011 until 2015, including Executive Vice President Chemical Technologies and Chief Financial Officer Dynegy Inc. , then a publicly traded independent power producer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2005 until 2011 Various other positions from 2000 until 2005, including Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Various positions from 1992 until 2000, including Senior Manager Other Board Experience Director of Amrize Ltd., a publicly traded advanced building solutions provider, from June 2025 to Present Director of Kayne Anderson Energy Infrastructure Fund, Inc., a publicly traded fund offering diversified exposure to North American energy Infrastructure, from May 2025 to Present Director of Marathon Oil Corporation, then a publicly traded independent exploration and production company, from March 2021 until November 2024 Director of Noble Energy, Inc., a publicly traded independent exploration and production company, from 2017 until October 2020 Director of Atlantic Power Corporation, a publicly traded independent power producer, from 2010 until 2018 Director of Rosetta Resources Inc., a publicly traded independent exploration and production company, from 2013 until 2015 Ms. Ladhani also currently serves on the Board of Trustees at Rice University Education Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration Master of Business Administration Qualifications Ms. Ladhani brings to the Board her extensive executive management experience, including in chief executive officer and chief financial officer roles for companies within the energy industry, as well as extensive experience serving on boards of other public and private companies. Ms. Ladhani has developed a broad range of operational and technical expertise through her senior leadership and board roles, including with respect to financial and accounting matters, risk management oversight, strategic planning and capital allocation, all of which is valuable to the Board in overseeing Quanta s diverse and dynamic operations and business strategy. 7 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS JO-ANN M. DEPASS OLSOVSKY Director Since May 2024 Age: 61 Key Skills and Attributes Industry Experience Risk Oversight and Management Operations / Strategic Planning Senior Leadership Government / Regulatory Human Capital Management / Safety Leadership Technology / Innovation Cybersecurity / Information Security Committee Membership Compensation Finance and Investment Safety, Operations and Risk Business Experience Salesforce.com, Inc. , a publicly traded cloud-based software company Executive Vice-President and Chief Information Officer from February 2018 until August 2022 BNSF Railway , a large North American freight railroad network Various leadership roles from 2006 until 2018, including as Senior Vice-President and Chief Information Officer Other Board Experience Director of Canadian National Railway Company, a publicly traded freight railway headquartered in Canada serving customers in Canada, the United States and Mexico, from October 2021 to present Education Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management Master in Business Administration Master in Project Management Qualifications Ms. dePass Olsovsky brings to the Board extensive experience leading large organizations, including both unionized and management team members. She has significant expertise overseeing technology- and innovation-related matters, including information technology systems, advanced technologies (including artificial intelligence tools), large-scale systems implementation, telecommunications, field operations, and cybersecurity functions, which she has developed through service as chief information officer of large publicly traded companies in regulated industries, as well as through service as a director of a high-tech cloud native artificial intelligence-enabled big data management company. Ms. dePass Olsovsky has also developed experience in risk oversight of critical global network systems and infrastructure, as well as M A system integration. She also brings substantial supply chain and logistics expertise to the Board, acquired through senior leadership and director roles with large telecommunications and railway companies, as well as significant knowledge with respect to risk oversight, human resources management, and strategic planning through serving as an executive officer and director of publicly traded companies. 8 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS R. SCOTT ROWE Director Since July 2022 Age: 55 Key Skills and Attributes Industry Experience Risk Oversight and Management Operations / Strategic Planning Senior Leadership Finance / Accounting / Capital Allocation Government / Regulatory Human Capital Management / Safety Leadership Legal / Compliance Corporate Governance, Responsibility and Sustainability Technology / Innovation Committee Memberships Compensation (Chairman) Governance and Nominating Safety, Operations and Risk Business Experience Flowserve Corporation , a publicly traded developer and manufacturer of precision-engineered flow control systems that support global infrastructure industries, including energy, chemical, power generation and water management, and certain general industrial markets President, Chief Executive Officer and director from April 2017 to present Cameron Group of Schlumberger Ltd., an operating company of Schlumberger Limited, a publicly traded company that provides solutions and technologies to energy customers President from 2016 until 2017 President and Chief Executive Officer from 2015 until 2016 (prior to the acquisition of Cameron by Schlumberger) President and Chief Operating Officer from 2014 until 2015 (prior to the acquisition of Cameron by Schlumberger) Director from 2014 until 2016 Division President from 2008 until 2014 Mr. Rowe also previously served as a captain in the United States Army Other Board Experience Director of Flowserve Corporation from April 2017 until present Education Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering Management Master of Business Administration Qualifications As president, chief executive officer and director of a large publicly traded company, Mr. Rowe brings to the Board significant leadership, operational and financial experience, as well as significant experience with respect to corporate governance matters. Through his responsibility for oversight of a large workforce, he also provides a valuable perspective to the Board with respect to oversight and development of human capital and organizational culture and values. Mr. Rowe also brings, through his senior leadership roles, significant technical expertise associated with the energy industry and technology and innovation-related matters, including advanced manufacturing operations, which is valuable to the Board in overseeing the Company s operations and strategy, including supply chain initiatives. 9 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS MARTHA B. WYRSCH Director Since October 2019 Age: 68 Key Skills and Attributes Industry Experience Risk Oversight and Management Operations / Strategic Planning Senior Leadership Finance / Accounting / Capital Allocation Government / Regulatory Human Capital Management / Safety Leadership Legal / Compliance Corporate Governance, Responsibility and Sustainability Committee Memberships Compensation Governance and Nominating (Chairman) Business Experience Sempra Energy , a publicly traded energy infrastructure and services company with operations in the United States and internationally Executive Vice President and General Counsel from September 2013 until March 2019 Vestas American Wind Technology, a wind turbine services company President North America from 2009 until 2012 Spectra Energy Transmission , a natural gas transmission and storage business in the United States and Canada President and Chief Executive Officer from 2007 until 2008 Duke Energy Corporation Various roles of increasing responsibility from 1999 through 2007, including as President and Chief Executive Officer, Gas Transmission from 2005 until 2007 Other Board Experience Director of National Grid plc, a publicly traded electricity and gas utility company, from September 2021 to present Director of First American Financial Corporation, a publicly traded financial services company, from May 2018 until January 2026 Director of Spectris plc, a provider of specialty instrumentation and controls that is listed on the London Stock Exchange, from 2012 until 2021 Director of Noble Energy, Inc., a publicly traded independent oil and natural gas exploration and production company, from December 2019 until October 2020 Education Bachelor of Arts degree Juris Doctor degree Qualifications Ms. Wyrsch brings to the Board extensive experience as an executive officer of large, publicly traded utility and energy companies and as a public company director. Through these roles, she has substantial experience with respect to oversight of operational, financial and strategic matters and provides a valuable customer-based perspective from the industries Quanta services. With her experience across a wide range of public companies, Ms. Wyrsch also brings to the Board significant technical expertise with respect to legal matters, corporate governance and risk oversight, as well as experience with respect to addressing evolving sustainability and corporate responsibility matters. 10 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS Mix of Skills, Experience, and Other Attributes of Director Nominees Our director nominees have an effective mix of backgrounds, knowledge, and skills. The table below provides a summary of certain collective competencies and attributes of the director nominees. The lack of an indicator for a particular item does not mean that the director nominee does not possess that skill or experience, and we look to each director to be knowledgeable in all of these areas. Rather, the indicator represents that the item is a core competency that the director nominee brings to the Board. Our director nominees also have a wide range of additional skills and experience not mentioned, which are further described in their biographies above. $ Knowledge, Skills and Experience Industry Experience Understanding of, and experience in, the industries or markets Quanta serves as a result of serving as a director or executive officer of a company that operates in such industries or markets Risk Oversight and Management Experience as a chief executive officer, president or other executive officer of a public or private company with responsibility for, among other things, oversight of risk management processes Operations / Strategic Planning Experience in an executive officer role responsible for the oversight of operations and the development of a business strategy for a public or private company Senior Leadership Business and strategic management experience from service in a significant leadership position, such as a chief executive officer, chief financial officer or other senior leadership role Finance / Accounting / Capital Allocation Experience as a chief financial officer of, or service in a similar financial oversight function for, a public or private company or meets the definition of financial expert within the meaning of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regulations Government / Regulatory Service in, or experience interacting with, governmental or regulatory entities Human Capital Management / Safety Leadership Experience overseeing human capital management and talent development and training, as well as safety programs Legal / Compliance Experience overseeing the legal department or compliance group of a public company (including as general counsel or current chief executive officer) or practicing law or holds a legal degree Corporate Governance, Responsibility and Sustainability Experience with governance principles or corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives Technology / Innovation Experience with advanced technologies (e.g., artificial intelligence) and innovation at large public or private companies, including through consulting on such matters or oversight of such matters as a department leader or current chief executive officer Cybersecurity / Information Security Experience with oversight or management of cybersecurity and information security risks Other Public Company Board Experience Current or prior service on the board of directors of a public company 11 QUANTA BOARD OF DIRECTORS Demographics and Attributes Independence Independent within the meaning of SEC regulations, New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) corporate governance listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Female Male Female Race/Ethnicity White / Caucasian White / Caucasian Black / African American White / Caucasian White / Caucasian Asian White / Caucasian Hispanic White / Caucasian White / Caucasian Age (in years) 56 64 66 69 61 54 55 61 55 68 61 Tenure (in years) 10 2 10 22 21 5 2 4 7 8.3 12 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We are committed to having sound corporate governance practices that maximize stockholder value in a manner consistent with legal requirements and the highest standards of integrity. In that regard, the Board has adopted guidelines that provide a framework for the governance of Quanta, and we continually review these guidelines and regularly monitor developments in the area of corporate governance. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are posted in the Investors / Governance section of our website at www.quantaservices.com . Board Leadership Structure The Board believes that the leadership structure of Quanta s Board should include either an independent non-executive Chairman of the Board or a Lead Director who satisfies Quanta s standards for independence. In May 2024, the Board appointed Doyle Beneby, an independent director, as non-executive Chairman of the Board to serve as such until his successor is duly elected and qualified at the next annual meeting of the Board or until his earlier resignation or removal. The roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer were separated at Quanta in 2013, and the Board continues to believe that having a non-executive Chairman of the Board is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, due in part to the ever-increasing demands made on boards of directors under federal securities laws, national stock exchange rules and other federal and state regulations. The separation of the positions allows the Chairman of the Board to focus on management of Board matters, as described further below, and allows Quanta s Chief Executive Officer to focus his attention on managing our business. Additionally, we believe the separation of these roles contributes to the independence of the Board in its oversight role and in assessing the performance of our Chief Executive Officer and management generally. The Board reviews its leadership structure from time to time to assess whether it continues to serve the best interests of Quanta and its stockholders. In the future, the Board may determine, based on changing circumstances or characteristics of the Board or the Company or otherwise, that a director who is not independent is best situated to serve as Executive Chairman of the Board. Factors that may impact that determination may include, but are not limited to, whether such Executive Chairman possesses the detailed and in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities and challenges facing Quanta and its business and is thus best positioned to develop agendas that ensure that the Board s time and attention are focused on the most critical matters. Such a determination could be impacted by, among other things, the future composition of the Board, including the length of tenure of the independent directors, or any succession plans for the Company s Chief Executive Officer. In the event such a determination is made, the Board believes there are effective counter-balancing measures to ensure that Quanta maintains high standards of corporate governance and proper independent oversight, including the requirement under our Corporate Governance Guidelines to appoint a Lead Director, as described further below. If, in the future, the Board elects to have a unified leadership structure and appoints an Executive Chairman of the Board, we would publicly disclose such a change in a timely manner through a press release and/or a Current Report on Form 8-K. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, such determination would ultimately be made by the Board, and we generally would not expect to seek prior input from our stockholders regarding any specific decision-making process with respect to Board leadership. However, we have engaged in discussions with stockholders regarding board leadership structure in the past, including in connection with our annual stockholder engagement program described in Engagement and Communications with the Board below. We value those discussions, as well as any additional feedback we receive on this issue in the future, and would expect to consider stockholder perspectives in connection with any future decisions on board leadership structure, including a decision to appoint an Executive Chairman of the Board instead of an independent non-executive Chairman of the Board. 13 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Chairman of the Board Quanta s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board will appoint a Chairman of the Board, who may but need not be an employee of Quanta. The Chairman of the Board generally presides over all regular sessions of the Board and Quanta s annual meetings of stockholders. With input from the Chief Executive Officer (if the Chairman is an independent director), or in consultation with the Lead Director (if the Chairman is not an independent director), the Chairman sets the agenda for Board meetings, subject to the right of each Board member to suggest the inclusion of items on any agenda. The Chairman of the Board may vote at any meeting of the Board on any matter called to a vote, subject to the legal, fiduciary and governance requirements applicable to all members of the Board. The Chairman of the Board is not a member of the standing committees of the Board, but attends and participates in meetings of the Board committees, and provides input on the overall design and operation of the Board, including in connection with the evaluation process described in Board and Committee Evaluations below. If the Chairman of the Board is an independent director, the duties and responsibilities of the Chairman of the Board generally include the following: working with the Chief Executive Officer to ensure directors receive timely, accurate and complete information to enable sound decision making, effective monitoring and advice; encouraging active engagement of all directors; directing discussions toward a consensus view and summarizing discussions for a complete understanding of what has been agreed; encouraging the Board s involvement in strategic planning and monitoring the Chief Executive Officer s implementation; coordinating, monitoring and maintaining a record of all meetings of independent directors and discussing Board executive session results with the Chief Executive Officer; promoting effective relationships and open communication between the independent directors and the management team; coordinating, together with the Compensation Committee, the formal evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer on an annual basis; coordinating, together with the Governance and Nominating Committee, the succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer; identifying matters specifically reserved for the decision of the Board and ensuring that the Board sets appropriate levels of authority for management, including with respect to consideration of matters pertaining to the Board s oversight role of business strategy and risks; coordinating, together with the Governance and Nominating Committee, a process for the annual evaluation of the Board, its members and its committees; and reviewing management s investor relations strategy and participating, where appropriate, in its implementation. The Chairman of the Board also participates and represents the Board in certain communications and engagements with stockholders and other stakeholders, including in connection with the Company s annual engagement process described in Engagement and Communications with the Board below. Additional duties and responsibilities of the Chairman of the Board may be established from time to time by the Board and the Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board. Lead Director In the event the Chairman of the Board is not an independent director, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a Lead Director will be elected exclusively by the independent directors. The Lead Director must be an independent director and will assist the Chairman of the Board and the remainder of the Board in assuring effective corporate governance in managing the affairs of the Board. The Lead Director is responsible for ensuring that the quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of information between management and the Board enables the Board to fulfill its functions and fiduciary duties in an efficient and effective manner. In addition, the Lead Director will coordinate the activities of the other independent directors, preside over the Board when the Chairman of the Board is not present, consult with the Chairman of the Board as to agenda items for Board and committee meetings, and perform such other duties and responsibilities as the Board deems appropriate. 14 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board s Role in Strategy The Board recognizes the importance of ensuring that the Company s overall business strategy is designed to create long-term, sustainable value for stockholders and benefit all of Quanta s stakeholders. While the formulation and implementation of Quanta s strategy is primarily the responsibility of management, the Board plays an active oversight role, carried out primarily through regular reviews and discussions with management, including both broad-based presentations and more in-depth analyses and discussions of specific areas of focus and evolving business, industry, societal, operating and economic conditions. Directors have full and free access to Quanta s management and Company information, and, as necessary and appropriate, directors may consult with independent legal, financial, accounting and other advisors. Periodically, the Board undertakes a robust qualitative and quantitative review of management s five-year strategic plan, which includes both financial and operational performance goals and the strategic initiatives designed to support those goals. In connection with management s current five-year strategic plan, the Board and management discuss, among other things, key strategic initiatives, including those set forth below. The Company s commitment to its workforce, including with respect to safety, training, and operational excellence of its craft skilled labor and the attraction, development and retention of exceptional employees. The continued growth of the Company s base business operations and continuing to differentiate the solutions offerings the Company provides to its customers. The Company s expectations and strategies with respect to margin performance and, if necessary, improvement in each operating segment. The Company s growth opportunities with existing and potential customers and in existing and adjacent markets where craft skilled labor is critical to providing cost-certain solutions. The Company s capital allocation initiatives and considerations, including expected investment and acquisition activity, as well as planned strategic operating initiatives for each operating segment. The Company s commitment to broadening its strategic customer solutions and providing opportunities to reduce costs and enhance certainty of critical materials through its strategic supply chain initiatives. The Board also annually reexamines the strategic plan, reviewing management s progress on its strategic initiatives and revised financial projections based on, among other things, prior period financial results and recent acquisition activity. The Board and management discuss and consider, among other strategic matters, market and industry trends and opportunities; customer dynamics; the Company s competitive positioning; regulatory, legislative, political and legal changes; and emerging technologies and challenges in the industries Quanta serves. Furthermore, on an ongoing basis, the Board and committees of the Board (as applicable) evaluate specific business decisions in light of the strategic plan, including proposed acquisitions or investments, capital allocation decisions, significant project opportunities, and key safety, training and technology initiatives. The Board s oversight of risk management (as described below) also enhances the directors understanding of the risks associated with the Company s strategy and the Board s ability to provide guidance to and oversight of management in executing the strategic plan. Board s Role in Risk Oversight The Board oversees an enterprise-wide approach to risk management, designed to support the achievement of long-term organizational objectives and enhance stockholder value. The Company s enterprise risk management assessment, managed by Quanta s Chief Executive Officer, General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer, as well as Quanta s Chief Compliance Officer (who reports to the General Counsel), provides visibility to the Board about the identification, assessment, monitoring and management of critical risks and management s risk mitigation strategies. During this ongoing process, risks are assessed throughout the Company s business, including operational, industry, financial and reputational risks, legal and regulatory risks and data and systems security risks. A component of the Board s oversight function is not only understanding the risks the Company faces and what steps management is taking to manage those risks, but also understanding what level of risk is appropriate for Quanta. The involvement of the full Board in setting Quanta s business strategy, both short-term and long-term, is a key part of its understanding of Quanta s risks and how those risks may evolve in response to changes in strategy or business environment, and what constitutes an appropriate level of risk for Quanta. 15 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE While formal reporting associated with the Company s enterprise-wide risk management assessment is produced for the Board and the Safety, Operations and Risk Committee on an annual cycle, the Board and committees of the Board continually evaluate and consider risks that are impacting, or could potentially impact, the Company throughout the entire year, including through dialogue with management at Board and committee meetings. Additional discussions and evaluations of risks can arise in connection with, among other things, development and/or review of the Company s business strategy, evaluation of the Company s performance or operations, evaluation of a potential strategic acquisition or project opportunity and overall trends that could accelerate or increase the impact of a potential risk. Further, the Board utilizes its committee structure to facilitate more detailed and nuanced consideration of certain risks on an ongoing basis (as set forth in further detail below) and in making determinations as to whether to retain direct oversight of a risk or assign oversight to a committee, the Board considers various factors, including, among other things, the importance of the risk to the Company s overall strategy and operations, the timeframe over which a risk may materialize (i.e., short-term, medium-term or long-term), the potential impact of a risk and how a risk aligns with the subject matter assigned to a committee. Additionally, to the extent the Board, a committee or management deems it necessary or appropriate, outside advisors and subject matter experts may be consulted when considering the development or potential impact of certain risks or in anticipation of future threats or trends with respect to certain risks. Board. The full Board has ultimate oversight responsibility for the risk management process and retains oversight responsibility for certain key enterprise and structural risks, including review and evaluation of significant project opportunities and significant strategic acquisition and investment opportunities. The full Board also has oversight of risks related to key personnel, including development and review of the Company s CEO succession plan and succession planning and talent development for other key management positions. Audit Committee. The Audit Committee focuses on risks relating to the Company s financial reporting and accounting policies and the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, internal controls and internal audit function, as well as the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee focuses on risks relating to Quanta s compensation policies and programs to determine whether they encourage excessive risk-taking and whether they are aligned with Quanta s risk management profile. The Compensation Committee also evaluates compensation policies and practices and strives to create incentives that are designed to mitigate such risks. Additionally, the Compensation Committee oversees and administers any policy adopted by the Company pertaining to the reimbursement, forfeiture or recovery of incentive based or other compensation for current or former executive officers of the Company. Finance and Investment Committee. The Finance and Investment Committee focuses on risks associated with prospective acquisitions, dispositions and investments. The Finance and Investment Committee also considers and evaluates risks associated with capital allocation decisions (e.g., dividends, stock repurchases, significant capital expenditures) and the overall capital structure of the Company, as well as risks associated with significant financial matters (e.g., cash management, financial exposures, supply chain / procurement matters), tax strategies and planning matters, and insurance programs and related matters. Governance and Nominating Committee. The Governance and Nominating Committee focuses on risks relating to Quanta s corporate governance and Board membership and structure, including alignment of Board composition and director skills, experience and attributes with Company strategy and risks facing the Company. The Governance and Nominating Committee also focuses on management succession planning matters, as well as corporate responsibility and sustainability matters, including environmental issues, social issues and practices and policies relating to the support of business, charitable, educational and industry/trade organizations and with respect to political activity. Safety, Operations and Risk Committee. The Safety, Operations and Risk Committee periodically reviews Quanta s risk management structure and processes, reporting its findings to the Board and ensuring this process produces comprehensive and actionable results. The Safety, Operations and Risk Committee also focuses on risks related to health, safety, environmental and training matters, including through review of key employee safety events and safety performance metrics, as well as risks associated with attraction and retention of the Company s workforce. Additionally, the Safety, Operations and Risk Committee reviews and evaluates risks associated with, among other things, operational matters and cybersecurity (i.e., data privacy and security) and information technology matters, as well as other advanced technology-related programs, strategies and initiatives (e.g., artificial intelligence). Review and discussion of the results of the Company s annual risk management assessment with both the Safety, Operations and Risk Committee and the Board, as well as further dialogue between management and the Board and committees throughout the remainder of the year, helps inform and shape the Company s risk-related disclosures included in its periodic reports filed with the SEC and other public disclosures. For additional information regarding the risks facing the Company, review the risk factors included in Item 1A. of Part I of Quanta s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. The risks described therein 16 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE are not the only risks facing the Company, and additional risks and uncertainties not currently known, or that may currently be deemed to be immaterial based on the information known to the Company, may materially adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. Board Independence The Board has determined that each of our current directors and director nominees, other than our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Austin, has no material relationship with Quanta (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with Quanta) and is independent within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance listing standards. The Board has made these determinations based in part on its finding that these independent directors meet the categorical standards for director independence set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and in the NYSE corporate governance listing standards. When evaluating the independence of Mr. Baxter, the Board considered his service as a director of WEC Energy Group, a customer of Quanta. When evaluating the independence of Mr. Jackman, the Board considered Quanta s employment of his son, who is employed at a non-management level, as described in Certain Transactions below. When evaluating the independence of Ms. Wyrsch, the Board considered her service as a director of National Grid plc, a customer of Quanta. The Board determined that these relationships were not material and that the positions held by these individuals and the amounts involved did not prevent a finding of independence under the NYSE standards or our Corporate Governance Guidelines. With each current director other than Mr. Austin deemed independent, the Board exceeds the NYSE requirement that a majority of directors be independent. The Board also evaluated the independence of Mr. Foster, a former director who served during a portion of fiscal year 2025, and determined that Mr. Foster was independent within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance listing standards while he was a director. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which include our categorical standards for director independence, are posted in the Investors / Governance section of our website at www.quantaservices.com . Executive Sessions of Non-Management Directors In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance listing standards, our non-management directors, each of whom is independent within the meaning of NYSE corporate governance listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines, meet in executive session without management at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. The executive sessions are presided over by the Chairman of the Board or, if the Chairman of the Board is not independent, by the Lead Director, or in the absence of an independent Chairman of the Board or Lead Director, by an independent director selected by the executive session participants. Director Meetings During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board held seven meetings. Each director attended greater than 75% of the meetings of the Board and the committees of the Board on which they served. We encourage, but do not require, the members of the Board to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. Last year, all directors attended the annual meeting of stockholders. 17 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Committees of the Board The Board has five standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Governance and Nominating Committee, the Finance and Investment Committee, and the Safety, Operations and Risk Committee. In 2025, the Board formed the Safety, Operations and Risk Committee and expanded the scope of the Finance and Investment Committee to allow more detailed review of certain matters previously reviewed by the entire Board, given their importance to the strategic direction and risk profile of the company. The Board has examined the composition of each standing committee and has determined that each member of these committees is independent within the meaning of SEC regulations, NYSE corporate governance listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Each standing committee operates under a formal charter adopted by the Board that governs its responsibilities, all of which are posted in the Investors / Governance section of our website at www.quantaservices.com . The current membership and the number of meetings held during the last fiscal year and the primary responsibilities of each committee are set forth below: Audit Committee Chairman of the Committee Worthing F. Jackman (I)(F) Committee Members Warner L. Baxter (I)(F) Holli C. Ladhani (I)(F) Meetings During 2025: 8 Appointing, compensating and overseeing the independent registered public accounting firm, considering, among other things, the accounting firm s qualifications, independence and performance Reviewing and approving audit and non-audit services performed by the accounting firm and determining whether the performance of such services is compatible with the accounting firm s independence Reviewing and approving the scope and procedures of the accounting firm s annual audit, and reviewing the final audit, including any comments, recommendations or problems encountered Reviewing and discussing with the accounting firm, among other things, critical accounting policies and practices and any alternative treatments of financial information within generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) Conducting an annual review of the accounting firm s internal quality control measures and all relationships between the accounting firm and Quanta, as well as the lead partner of the accounting firm and partner rotation requirements under applicable rules and regulations Reviewing management s report on internal control over financial reporting and the accounting firm s attestation of Quanta s internal control over financial reporting Reviewing any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of Quanta s internal control over financial reporting and any fraud involving management or other financial reporting personnel Monitoring the quality and integrity of financial statements and earnings press releases, as well as the financial information and earnings guidance provided therein (including non-GAAP information) Overseeing systems of disclosure controls and procedures Reviewing the performance of Quanta s internal audit function, including the internal audit director, and the scope and results of the annual internal audit plan Establishing and maintaining procedures for receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls and auditing matters and for the confidential submission of employee reports regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters Considering policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management Overseeing Quanta s compliance program and regularly reviewing with the Company s chief compliance officer the implementation and effectiveness of the program, including actual and alleged violations of the company s code of conduct Reviewing and approving, as appropriate, related party transactions (I) Independent within the meaning of SEC regulations, NYSE corporate governance listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines (F) Audit Committee Financial Expert within the meaning of SEC regulations, as determined by the Board 18 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Compensation Committee Chairman of the Committee R. Scott Rowe (I) Committee Members Bernard Fried (I) Jo-ann M. dePass Olsovsky (I) Ra l J. Valent n (I) Martha B. Wyrsch (I) Meetings During 2025: 5 Reviewing, approving and overseeing the administration of Quanta s incentive compensation plans, including the issuance of awards pursuant to equity-based incentive plans Evaluating the Chief Executive Officer s performance annually in light of Quanta s compensation goals and objectives and determining the Chief Executive Officer s compensation based on this evaluation Reviewing and approving all compensation of other executive officers of Quanta and reviewing management s recommendations with respect to compensation of senior leadership personnel, other than executive officers, of Quanta Reviewing and approving executive officer employment agreements and other compensation arrangements Reviewing the relationships between risk management policies and practices and compensation, including whether compensation arrangements encourage excessive risk-taking Considering the results of the most recent stockholder advisory vote on the compensation of Quanta s NEOs Reviewing, approving and overseeing the administration of any policy adopted by Quanta pertaining to the reimbursement, forfeiture or recovery of incentive-based or other compensation from current and former executive officers 19 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Governance and Nominating Committee Chairman of the Committee Martha B. Wyrsch (I) Committee Members Warner L. Baxter (I) R. Scott Rowe (I) Ra l J. Valent n (I) Meetings During 2025: 6 Developing, recommending and periodically reviewing corporate governance principles applicable to the Board and Quanta Establishing qualifications for membership on the Board and its committees and evaluating the structure of the Board Making recommendations to the Board regarding persons to be nominated for election or re-election to the Board and appointment of directors to Board committees Evaluating policies regarding the recruitment of directors Making recommendations to the Board regarding persons proposed by the Chief Executive Officer to be elected as executive officers of Quanta Supporting the Board s Chief Executive Officer succession planning and talent development for succession candidates Periodically reviewing the processes for succession planning and talent development of Quanta s executive officers and the leadership personnel at Quanta s key operating companies and subsidiaries Periodically reviewing and discussing with management environmental, social and governance matters, and Quanta s public reporting on corporate responsibility and sustainability Periodically reviewing and discussing with management the Company s practices and policies relating to the support of business, charitable, educational and industry/trade organizations and with respect to political activity Making recommendations to the Board regarding compensation and benefits for non-employee directors (I) Independent within the meaning of SEC regulations, NYSE corporate governance listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines 20 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Finance and Investment Committee Chairman of the Committee Holli C. Ladhani (I) Committee Members Bernard Fried (I) Worthing F. Jackman (I) Jo-ann M. dePass Olsovsky (I) Meetings During 2025: 4 Considering and approving certain acquisitions, investments and dispositions by Quanta, including the terms, transaction structure, and consideration involved Considering and approving, as applicable, capital structure, capital allocation and capital expenditures by the Company Monitoring ongoing activities in connection with certain investments and acquisitions, and conducting a qualitative and quantitative review of certain historical acquisitions and investments Reviewing capital allocation practices, including dividend policy, stock repurchase activity and significant capital expenditures, as well as the overall capital structure and discrete equity and debt financing matters Reviewing other significant financial matters, including cash management, off-balance sheet transactions, major financial exposures, leases, supply chain and procurement matters and foreign exchange matters Reviewing tax strategies and tax planning activities, as well as major insurance programs and related matters Assessing policies regarding transactions that hedge certain commodity, interest rate, currency and other business risks (I) Independent within the meaning of SEC regulations, NYSE corporate governance listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines 21 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Safety, Operations and Risk Committee Chairman of the Committee Warner L. Baxter (I) Committee Members Bernard Fried (I) Jo-ann M. dePass Olsovsky (I) R. Scott Rowe (I) Ra l J. Valent n (I) Meetings During 2025: 1 Considering and reviewing overall safety, training and environmental matters and performance of Quanta, as well as significant programs, strategies, initiatives policies and procedures with respect to the health and safety of employees, customers, contractors and the public Evaluating certain key strategies and initiatives related to Quanta s operational performance and operational structure Evaluating certain key strategies related to identifying and meeting the Company s operational workforce needs Reviewing and considering significant technology-related programs, strategies, initiatives and related key metrics Monitoring and evaluating significant risks and the associated enterprise risk management structure, related to operations, safety, training, information technology (including privacy, network security, data and cybersecurity) matters and other strategic matters of Quanta (I) Independent within the meaning of SEC regulations, NYSE corporate governance listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of the Compensation Committee served as an employee or officer of Quanta or any of its subsidiaries during 2025, was formerly an officer of Quanta or any of its subsidiaries, or had any relationship with Quanta requiring disclosure herein as a related party transaction. Additionally, no executive officers served on the compensation committee or as a director of another company, one of whose executive officers served on Quanta s Compensation Committee or as a director of Quanta. Code of Conduct The Board has adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all directors, officers and employees of Quanta and its subsidiaries, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller. The Code of Conduct is posted in the Investors / Governance section of our website at www.quantaservices.com . We intend to post at the above location on our website any amendments or waivers to the Code of Conduct that are required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5.05 of Form 8-K. Engagement and Communications with the Board The Board believes that effective corporate governance includes constructive conversations and the development of long-term relationships with our stockholders. We value such engagement and believe it is important to address any questions or concerns on Company policies and practices. We also review and analyze the voting results and feedback from our annual meetings to identify any topics of interest or concern. 22 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Members of our management have historically engaged in extensive investor outreach on a variety of financial and operational topics, including long-term strategy, capital allocation priorities and industry dynamics. In a given year, we have numerous interactions with stockholders and members of the investment community on these matters and host or participate in various investor conferences and events. Quanta also conducts an annual stockholder engagement program focused on corporate responsibility and sustainability topics, as well as other governance- and compensation-related topics, including executive compensation, board structure and composition, oversight of strategy and risk, and equity incentive compensation grant practices. Our engagement team includes members of senior management, and when requested, independent directors or subject matter experts, and seeks to identify and address any areas of concern. During the fourth quarter of 2025 and first quarter of 2026, in connection with this program, we extended offers to engage with holders of a significant amount of Quanta s outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2025, including larger holders and specific institutional investors that expressed interest in engaging with the Company on these matters. Through discussions with these holders, management and the Board received and reviewed valuable feedback on several topics, including the topics set forth below. Governance Matters. Key discussion topics included Board composition and skills mix; Board tenure and refreshment; management succession planning processes; and Board and management oversight of strategy, risk and key sustainability matters. Compensation Matters. Key discussion topics included executive compensation structure, as well as the financial and operational metrics utilized in the Company s compensation program. Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility Matters. Key discussion topics included Quanta s ability to impact the communities in which it operates, including through construction of critical infrastructure and emergency response services; human capital management (e.g., workforce safety and training and development of craft skilled labor); environmental impact and stewardship; and governance structure and disclosure for sustainability-related matters. Quanta values the feedback received from stockholders, as this feedback helps to inform subsequent discussions and decisions regarding our governance and compensation practices, as well as sustainability and corporate responsibility priorities. 23 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with one or more of our directors, including our non-management directors or independent directors as a group, a committee or the full Board by writing to Corporate Secretary at the address for our corporate headquarters, which is currently: Quanta Services, Inc., 2727 North Loop West, Houston, Texas 77008. All communications will be reviewed by the Corporate Secretary and forwarded to one or more of our directors, as appropriate. Board and Committee Evaluations Board and committee evaluations play an important role in ensuring the effective functioning of the Board. Therefore, the Board and each committee conduct annual self-assessments, which are overseen by the Governance and Nominating Committee. The results of these assessments are compiled, without attribution, and made available to the directors for a full Board assessment and to the committee members of each committee for a committee assessment. Additionally, the Chairman of the Board conducts one-on-one discussions with each director to gather feedback on Board and committee operations, practices and performance. Information derived from the evaluation process is also considered by the Governance and Nominating Committee when searching for and evaluating potential future director candidates. Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Director The Governance and Nominating Committee regularly evaluates the appropriate size of the Board and whether any vacancies on the Board are expected due to retirement or otherwise. If any vacancies are anticipated or arise, the Governance and Nominating Committee will consider director candidates suggested by incumbent directors, management, third-party search firms and others. The Governance and Nominating Committee will also consider director nominations by stockholders that are made in compliance with our bylaws. All applications, recommendations or proposed nominations for Board membership received by Quanta will be referred to the Governance and Nominating Committee. The manner in which the qualifications of a nominee are evaluated does not differ if the nominee is recommended by a stockholder. 24 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Governance and Nominating Committee has the authority to retain, at Quanta s expense, a third-party search firm to help identify and facilitate the screening and interview process of potential director nominees. Once a potential director nominee is identified or recommended, the committee makes an initial determination as to whether to conduct a full evaluation based on, among other things, the information provided with the recommendation, the committee s own knowledge of the candidate, supplemental inquiries to the recommending person or others, or a background check. If the committee determines to further pursue the candidate, the candidate is evaluated based on the qualifications described below. After this evaluation, the committee determines whether to interview the candidate and may ask the candidate to meet with members of Quanta s management or other Board members. After completing its evaluation, if the committee believes the candidate would be a valuable addition to the Board, it will recommend to the Board the candidate s nomination for appointment or election as a director. When evaluating director candidates, including new nominees and incumbent directors, the Governance and Nominating Committee considers all relevant factors it deems appropriate, such as, among other things, the current composition of the Board (including with respect to alignment of skills and experience with the Company s strategic plan and risks facing the Company), the balance of management and independent directors, the need for a certain Board committee expertise, and the candidate s activities unrelated to Quanta (including service as a director on the boards of other public companies). The Board also values diversity in its broadest sense and endeavors to have a group of directors representing broad-ranging experiences at policy-making levels of organizations that are relevant to Quanta s activities and operations, which may come from business, government, education, technology and non-profit organizations; complementary tenure length, which ensures a proper balance between Board refreshment and director continuity; and varied backgrounds and attributes. Director Qualifications Our Corporate Governance Guidelines contain Board membership qualifications that the Governance and Nominating Committee considers in selecting nominees for the Board. The guidelines state that members of the Board should possess the highest standards of personal and professional ethics, integrity and values, and be committed to representing the long-term interests of our stockholders, and must have an inquisitive and objective perspective, practical wisdom, mature judgment, the willingness to speak their mind and the ability to challenge and stimulate management in a constructive manner. The guidelines also provide that Board members should have experience in areas that are relevant to Quanta s business and demonstrated leadership skills in the organizations with which they are or have been affiliated. The Board also considers current director skills, experience and attributes when considering additional nominees for the Board, including additional or complementary skills, expertise or knowledge that may be necessary to support the current and anticipated needs of the Company and management. Members of the Board must also be willing to devote sufficient time to carrying out their duties and responsibilities effectively and should be committed to serve for an extended period of time. As such, a Board member should not serve on more than four public company boards (including the Quanta Board), and a Board member that is a chief executive officer (or equivalent position) with another public company should not serve on more than three public company boards (including the Quanta Board). Additionally, members of the Quanta Audit Committee should not serve on more than three public company audit committees, including the Quanta Audit Committee. The Board determined that no director currently has time commitments that would prevent them from properly discharging their duties as directors. Board members will not be nominated for election to the Board if the election would occur after their 75th birthday; however, the full Board may make exceptions in special circumstances. Director Compensation The Governance and Nominating Committee has the responsibility of recommending to the Board compensation and benefits for non-employee directors. The committee is guided by certain director compensation principles set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines: compensation should fairly pay directors for work required; compensation should be appropriate and competitive to ensure Quanta s ability to attract and retain highly qualified directors; compensation should align directors interests with the long-term interests of stockholders; and the structure of the compensation should be simple, transparent and easy for stockholders to understand. 25 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board aim to set director compensation levels at or near the market median relative to directors at companies of comparable size, industry, and scope of operations in order to ensure directors are paid competitively for their time commitment and responsibilities. A market competitive compensation package is important because it enables us to attract and retain highly qualified directors who are critical to our long-term success. Additional director compensation practices have been adopted to align with market best practices and ensure director interests are closely aligned with the interests of our stockholders as set forth below. Annual Limit on Total Compensation . We adopted a meaningful annual limit on non-employee director compensation, as described further in Annual Limit on Non-Employee Director Compensation . Stock Ownership Guidelines. We maintain meaningful stock ownership guidelines that align our directors long-term interests with those of our stockholders, as described further in Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors . Anti-Hedging / Pledging Policy. We maintain a policy that prohibits directors from hedging the economic risk of ownership of Quanta common stock or pledging Quanta securities as collateral for a loan absent pre-clearance and demonstration of financial capacity to repay without resorting to the pledged securities. Appropriate Compensation Mix. The majority of director compensation is equity-based. Cash retainers, including incremental Board and committee leadership retainers, are intended to provide fixed compensation for time spent, while the equity-based compensation component recognizes director responsibility for strategic oversight and stockholder value. Annual Review. Our Governance and Nominating Committee re-assesses our non-employee director compensation annually and intends to continue to do so in the future. During 2025, an independent compensation consultant was engaged to perform a comprehensive market analysis of our director compensation program and practices. No Additional Compensation for Employee Directors. Directors who also serve as employees of Quanta receive no additional compensation for director service. Director Compensation Effective May 22, 2025, the Board increased the annual cash retainer for non-employee directors from $105,000 to $120,000 and the dollar value of the annual RSU award for non-employee directors from $165,000 to $180,000. Additionally, effective as of August 27, 2025, the Board created the Safety, Operations and Risk Committee and set the annual cash retainer for the committee chairmanship at $20,000 and the annual cash retainer for the committee members at $10,000. Following these changes, at every annual meeting of stockholders at which a non-employee director is elected or re-elected, each such director receives (i) an annual award of RSUs having a value of $180,000 and (ii) the applicable annual cash retainer(s) set forth in the table below. Annual Membership Cash Retainer Annual Cash Retainer Supplement For Committee Chairmanship Board of Directors $ 120,000 Audit Committee $ 15,000 $ 25,000 Compensation Committee $ 10,000 $ 20,000 Governance and Nominating Committee $ 10,000 $ 20,000 Finance and Investment Committee $ 10,000 $ 20,000 Safety, Operations and Risk Committee $ 10,000 $ 20,000 Upon initial appointment to the Board other than at an annual meeting of stockholders, a non-employee director receives (for the period from the appointment through the end of the current director service year) a pro-rata portion of the annual equity award and applicable annual cash amounts. Our non-employee Chairman of the Board receives additional annual compensation in the amount of $200,000, of which 50% is payable in cash and 50% is payable in RSUs. Upon the initial appointment of a non-employee Chairman of the Board, other than immediately following the annual meeting of stockholders, such director receives (for the period from the appointment through the end of the current director service year) a pro rata portion of the additional annual compensation. Unless the non-employee director s Board service is terminated earlier, RSUs generally vest in full upon conclusion of the director service year. Subject to the terms of applicable award agreements, unvested RSUs held by (i) any non-employee director who is not nominated for or elected to a new term, including for example, due to a reduction in the size of the Board, age precluding a re-nomination, the identification of a new nominee, or the desire to retire at the end of a term, or (ii) any non-employee director who resigns at Quanta s convenience, including any resignation resulting from the non-employee director s failure to receive a majority of 26 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE the votes cast in an election for directors as required by Quanta s bylaws, vest in full on the earlier of (a) the conclusion of the director service year, or (b) the date of such non-employee director s termination of service. RSUs are generally settled in shares of Quanta common stock, provided that a non-employee director may elect to settle up to 50% of any award in cash if he or she is in compliance with Quanta s stock ownership guidelines as of the date of settlement and is expected to remain in compliance immediately following settlement. Generally, meeting fees are not paid to our non-employee directors. However, in order to compensate for the time required to accommodate extraordinary meeting activity, each non-employee director receives a fee for attendance at the tenth and any subsequent Board meeting or the tenth and any subsequent committee meeting, in each case during a single director service year, as follows: $2,000 for attendance at an in-person board meeting; $1,000 for participation at a telephonic board meeting; $1,000 for attendance at an in-person committee meeting; and $500 for participation at a telephonic committee meeting. Directors are also reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred to attend meetings of the Board or the committees thereof, and for other expenses reasonably incurred in their capacity as directors of Quanta. Directors who are also employees of Quanta or any of its subsidiaries do not receive additional compensation for serving as directors. Currently, nine non-employee director nominees are standing for election at the annual meeting. As an executive officer of Quanta, Mr. Austin received no compensation for his service as a director of Quanta. Annual Limit on Non-Employee Director Compensation The Quanta Services, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the 2019 Omnibus Plan ) contains an annual limit on non-employee director compensation, inclusive of all cash compensation and any awards under the 2019 Omnibus Plan that may be made to a non-employee director for service during any calendar year. The annual limit is $500,000 per year, provided that a newly elected director may receive up to $750,000 for his or her initial calendar year of service on the Board and a director serving as Chairman of the Board or Lead Director may receive up to $750,000 for service during any calendar year. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors Non-employee directors are eligible to participate in a deferred compensation plan maintained by Quanta. No later than December 31 of each year, each non-employee director may voluntarily elect to defer all or a portion (in 5% increments) of his or her annual cash retainers, including but not limited to, compensation for board membership, committee membership and board/committee leadership, and RSUs to be earned with respect to services performed in the following year. Deferral elections are irrevocable and if no deferral election is made, no compensation is deferred. Deferred cash amounts are allocated to a separate recordkeeping account maintained for the non-employee director that reflects the amounts deferred and any earnings (positive or negative). The account is credited with returns according to the performance of certain deemed investment choices selected by the non-employee director from time to time. However, Quanta has no obligation to provide any deemed investment choice other than a default investment option selected by the Compensation Committee. The interest rate earned on the deferred cash amounts is not above-market or preferential. Deferred RSUs are recorded in an account maintained for the non-employee director that reflects the number of shares deferred. Quanta also makes a cash payment of dividend equivalents on the shares deferred at the same time and at the same rate as dividends are paid on Quanta common stock. In general, deferred compensation is distributed to the non-employee director (or his or her beneficiary) upon the director leaving the Board or at a date elected in advance by the director. Additionally, deferred amounts can be distributed upon certain unforeseen emergencies suffered by the non-employee director or upon a change in control of Quanta. Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors Non-employee directors are required to hold stock with a value equivalent to five times the annual cash retainer for Board membership (excluding the annual cash retainer for committee membership or any supplement for serving as a committee chairman or as Chairman of the Board). Non-employee directors have five years from the fiscal year-end following initial election to the Board to accumulate the stock ownership prescribed by the guidelines. As of December 31, 2025, all non-employee directors were in compliance with the requirements of the stock ownership guidelines. Specifically, Messrs. Beneby, Fried, Jackman, Rowe and Valent n and Ms. Wyrsch and Ms. Ladhani exceeded the prescribed ownership level, and Mr. Baxter and Ms. Olsovsky (each elected in May 2024), were making ratable progress toward the prescribed ownership level within their accumulation periods. 27 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 2025 Director Compensation Table The following table sets forth the compensation for each non-employee director during the 2025 fiscal year. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards (1) ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Warner L. Baxter 167,767 184,934 352,701 Doyle N. Beneby 220,000 287,822 507,822 Bernard Fried 147,589 184,934 332,523 Worthing F. Jackman 170,000 184,934 354,934 Holli C. Ladhani 165,000 184,934 349,934 Jo-ann M. dePass Olsovsky 147,589 184,934 332,523 R. Scott Rowe 167,589 184,934 352,523 Ra l J. Valent n 147,589 184,934 332,523 Martha B. Wyrsch 160,000 184,934 344,934 Vincent D. Foster (2) (1) The amounts shown reflect the aggregate grant date fair value (based on the closing price of Quanta common stock on the date of grant) of RSUs granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718, as further described in Note 2 to the Company s audited consolidated financial statements in its 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The value ultimately realized by the directors upon the actual vesting of the awards may or may not be equal to this determined value. The average of the closing prices of Quanta common stock for the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of grant was used to determine the number of RSUs granted. For Mr. Beneby, the amount shown includes his annual non-employee director RSU award and an additional RSU award for his service as Chairman of the Board. As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Beneby held unvested awards covering 870 shares and each of the remaining non-employee directors held unvested awards covering 559 shares. (2) Mr. Foster did not stand for reelection at Quanta s 2025 annual meeting of stockholders and, accordingly, did not receive any compensation in respect of his Board service in 2025 28 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The current executive officers of Quanta are as follows: Name Age Current Position(s) with Quanta Earl C. (Duke) Austin, Jr. 56 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Jayshree S. Desai 54 Chief Financial Officer Karl W. Studer 44 President Electric Power Gerald A. (BJ) Ducey, Jr. 50 President Strategic Operations Donald C. Wayne 59 Executive Vice President and General Counsel Paul M. Nobel 58 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Earl C. (Duke) Austin, Jr. For a description of the business background of Mr. Austin, see Quanta Board of Directors Director Nominees above . Jayshree S. Desai has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2022. She previously served as our Chief Corporate Development Officer from January 2020 to July 2022. She also previously served as President and a director of ConnectGen LLC, a renewable energy company focused on utility-scale renewable energy and storage development, from July 2018 through December 2019, where she had primary responsibility for organizational management, business strategy and capital allocation. Ms. Desai also previously served as Chief Operating Officer of Clean Line Energy Partners LLC, an electric transmission development company, from January 2010 through July 2018, where she had primary responsibility for, among other things, strategic planning, finance and capital management and human resources. She also previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Horizon Wind Energy (now EDP Renewables North America), a renewable energy company, from 2002 through 2010, where she had primary responsibility for finance, accounting, tax, treasury and information technology operations. In addition, Ms. Desai has served as a director of TPI Composites, Inc., a publicly traded independent manufacturer of wind turbine components, since October 2017. Ms. Desai holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree and a Master of Business Administration. Karl W. Studer has served as our President of Electric Power since 2022. He previously served as a Regional Vice President of Quanta from 2018 to 2022, with oversight of operations and significant projects related to Quanta s electric power solutions. Mr. Studer co-founded Probst Electric Inc. and Summit Line Construction, Inc., electric specialty companies that were acquired by Quanta in 2013. Following such acquisitions, he held several senior leadership roles of these operating companies, including President and Chief Executive Officer, with responsibility for, among other things, operations and financial matters. Mr. Studer is a certified journeyman lineman and a graduate of Northwest Lineman College in Meridian, Idaho. Gerald A. (BJ) Ducey, Jr. has served as our President of Strategic Operations since May 2023. Mr. Ducey previously served as our Senior Vice President Operations from May 2017 to May 2023 and various other management roles within Quanta from January 2012 to May 2017. Prior to joining Quanta, he served as Vice President Operations and Business Development at Dashiell Corporation, a Quanta operating company, from August 2006 to January 2012. Mr. Ducey holds a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering and a Master of Business Administration. Donald C. Wayne has served as our Executive Vice President and General Counsel since May 2017. He previously served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Archrock, Inc., a publicly traded provider of natural gas compression and related products and services, from November 2015 through May 2017, and in similar roles for its predecessor companies, Exterran Holdings, Inc. and Universal Compression Holdings, Inc., from August 2006 through November 2015. Mr. Wayne also served, from August 2006 through May 2017, as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Archrock GP LLC and in similar roles for the other managing general partners of Archrock Partners, L.P. and its predecessor entities, each a publicly traded master limited partnership, and as a director of Archrock GP LLC from November 2015 through May 2017. Mr. Wayne also previously served as Vice President and General Counsel of U.S. Concrete, Inc., a publicly traded provider of ready-mixed concrete and related products and services, from 1999 to 2006. Prior to joining U.S. Concrete, Inc., he served as an attorney with the law firm of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer Feld, L.L.P. Mr. Wayne holds a Bachelor of Arts degree, a Master of Business Administration and a Juris Doctor degree. 29 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Paul M. Nobel has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since May 2023. He previously served as our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from May 2021 to May 2023. He also previously served as interim Chief Financial Officer of Lilis Energy, Inc., an oil and gas exploration and development company operating in Texas and New Mexico, from February 2020 to July 2020, where he had primary responsibility for finance and treasury functions. He also previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of Kosmos Energy Ltd., a publicly traded international full-cycle offshore oil and gas exploration and production company, from July 2012 to November 2019, and as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of World Kinect Corporation (then, World Fuel Services Corporation), a publicly traded global energy management company serving commercial and industrial customers, from July 2005 to July 2012. In these previous positions, Mr. Nobel had primary responsibility for the accounting and reporting functions, tax, financial planning and analysis and risk management. He also previously served as a senior manager for the public accounting firm of Deloitte Touche LLP. Mr. Nobel holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant. 30 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Compensation Committee Report We have reviewed and discussed the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on our review and discussions with management, we have recommended to Quanta s Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement. This report is furnished by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Scott Rowe, Chairman Bernard Fried Jo-ann M. dePass Olsovsky Ra l J. Valent n Martha B. Wyrsch Executive Summary This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes Quanta s executive compensation program for 2025. We use this program to attract, motivate and retain the employees who lead our Company. In particular, this section explains the Compensation Committee s guiding principles for executive compensation and how the Compensation Committee made its compensation decisions for our NEOs for 2025. Named Executive Officers Our NEOs for 2025 include the following five executive officers: Name Position(s) with Quanta as of December 31, 2025 Earl C. (Duke) Austin, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer Jayshree S. Desai Chief Financial Officer Karl W. Studer President Electric Power Gerald A. (BJ) Ducey, Jr. President Strategic Operations Donald C. Wayne Executive Vice President and General Counsel 31 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Key 2025 Performance Highlights During 2025, Quanta continued to execute and perform at a high level and produced superior financial and operating results, which reflects the strength of the Company s business portfolio, execution discipline and customer-focused approach. Quanta s proven business strategy, which leverages a broad portfolio of services designed to produce resilient and sustainable results, also enable the Company to navigate various ongoing challenges, including macroeconomic uncertainty, supply chain and logistical challenges with respect to certain materials and equipment, inflationary pressure and volatility in the capital markets. The accelerating demand for power and infrastructure solutions is reshaping our industry, and Quanta is at the center of this transformation. Quanta has remained focused on the execution of key strategic initiatives designed to position the Company for long-term success and deliver value to stakeholders. These initiatives include, among others, continuing to collaborate with customers on their efforts designed to modernize infrastructure and meet the growing demand for power, focusing on delivery of high-quality project execution, and expanding and differentiating the Company s service offerings. 2025 Company Performance p Revenues Record annual revenues of $28.48 billion (20% increase as compared to 2024) p Net Income Record net income attributable to common stock of approximately $1.03 billion (14% increase as compared to 2024) p GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share R