=== PWR_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report and as may be detailed from time to time in our other public filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). All of our forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking statements or that are otherwise included in this report. Although forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs at the time they are made, reliance should not be 2 placed on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition, we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or otherwise. 3 PART I ITEM 1. Business OVERVIEW Quanta Services, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, Quanta, we, us or our ) is a leading provider of comprehensive infrastructure solutions for the electric and gas utility, power generation, large load center, manufacturing, communications, pipeline and energy industries in the United States, Canada, Australia and select other international markets. We provide design, engineering, procurement, construction, upgrade and repair and maintenance services for infrastructure within each of these industries, including electric power transmission and distribution networks; substation facilities; wind, solar and gas power generation and transmission and battery storage facilities; low voltage electrical, mechanical, plumbing and process infrastructure for large load centers, such as data center, advanced manufacturing, healthcare, pharmaceutical and industrial facilities; communications and cable multi-system operator networks; gas utility systems; pipeline transmission systems and facilities; and downstream industrial facilities. Our operations are decentralized and labor-intensive, and we rely on craft skilled labor personnel and experienced operators to successfully manage our day-to-day business. We also have an experienced management team, both at the executive and regional levels and within our subsidiaries, which we refer to as operating companies. We operate a fleet of owned and leased trucks and trailers, support vehicles and specialty construction equipment, as well as various proprietary technologies that enhance our service offerings. We have a large and diverse customer base, including many of the leading companies in the utility, renewable energy, hyperscaler, technology, communications, industrial and energy delivery markets. The performance of our business generally depends on our ability to obtain contracts with customers and to effectively deliver the services provided under those contracts. Our services are typically provided pursuant to master service agreements (MSAs), repair and maintenance contracts and fixed price and non-fixed price construction and engineering contracts. We offer comprehensive and diverse solutions on a broad geographic scale and have a solid base of long-standing customer relationships in each of the industries we serve. We believe our reputation for safety leadership, responsiveness and performance, geographic reach, comprehensive service offerings and financial strength have resulted in strong relationships with numerous customers, and we endeavor to develop and maintain strategic alliances and preferred service provider status with our customers. We believe that our business strategies, along with our safety culture and financial resources, differentiate us from our competition and position us to benefit from future programmatic and capital spending by our customers. Our strategies include delivering and continuing to expand our portfolio of infrastructure solutions to existing and potential customers, developing our technological and training capabilities, remaining committed to the safety of our employees, and maintaining an entrepreneurial culture throughout our organization. We believe executing on these strategies places us in the position to be a solutions provider to our customers and capitalize on opportunities and trends in the industries we serve and expand our operations to select new markets. SEGMENTS During the three months ended March 31, 2025, Quanta s Chief Executive Officer reevaluated how performance of the business is assessed and how resources are allocated, which resulted in a change in the reporting of management s internal financial information. As a result, beginning with the three months ended March 31, 2025, Quanta began reporting the results of its two operating segments, which are also its two reportable segments: (1) Electric Infrastructure Solutions (Electric) and (2) Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions (Underground and Infrastructure). The Electric segment consists of the historical Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions and the Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions segments. In conjunction with this change, certain prior period amounts have been recast to conform to this new segment reporting structure. Our entrepreneurial business model allows multiple operating companies to serve the same or similar customers and to provide a range of services across end user markets. Reportable segment information, including revenues and operating income by type of work, is gathered from each operating company. Classification of operating company revenues by type of work for segment reporting purposes can require judgment on the part of management. We operate primarily in the United States; however, we derived approximately 7.0%, 8.7% and 14.2% of our revenues from foreign operations, primarily in Canada and Australia, during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. 4 Electric Services Our Electric segment provides comprehensive services primarily for the electric power grid, power generation and large load center markets. We believe our collaborative, customer-focused, and solutions-based approach, combined with our significant capabilities and scale, differentiate us in the marketplace. Services performed generally include: design, procurement, new construction, upgrade and repair and maintenance services for electric power transmission and distribution infrastructure, both overhead and underground, and substation facilities, along with other engineering and technical services, including services that support the implementation of upgrades by utilities to modernize and harden the electric power grid in order to ensure its safety and enhance reliability, to interconnect and transmit electricity from power generation and battery storage facilities and to accommodate increased residential and commercial use of electric vehicles; engineering, procurement, new construction (EPC), repowering and repair and maintenance services for renewable generation facilities, such as utility-scale wind, solar and hydropower generation facilities and battery storage facilities; emergency restoration services, including the repair of infrastructure damaged by fires and inclement weather; energized installation, maintenance and upgrade of electric power infrastructure utilizing our bare hand and hot stick methods and our robotic arm techniques; installation of smart grid technologies on electric power networks; design and installation of electrical systems for large load centers, such as data center, advanced manufacturing and industrial facilities; design and construction services to wireline and wireless communications companies, cable multi-system operators, technology companies and other customers within the communications industry; design, installation, maintenance and repair services related to commercial and industrial wiring; and aviation services primarily for the utility industry, including transportation of line workers, pole and tower setting, and wire stringing, as well as certain emergency aerial firefighting services. This segment also includes (i) the majority of the financial results of our advanced training facility and our postsecondary educational institution, which specializes in pre-apprenticeship training, apprenticeship training and specialized utility task training for electric workers, as well as training for the gas distribution and communications industries; (ii) our portion of earnings of our unconsolidated integral affiliates, which includes, among others, our 50% equity interest in LUMA Energy, LLC (LUMA), a joint venture that was selected to operate, maintain, and modernize the approximately 18,000-mile electric transmission and distribution system in Puerto Rico; as well as our investment in a company that specializes in harvesting, treating and manufacturing wood utility poles and laminated wood products for utility and telecommunication companies; and (iii) financial results associated with our power transformer, circuit breaker and other manufacturing operations. Business Environment With respect to our electric infrastructure service offerings, utility and other customers are continuing to invest significant capital in their infrastructure systems and programs. Our utility customers continue to face increased demand for electricity, including as a result of electrification trends and increased demand for data center and other technology infrastructure and advanced manufacturing facilities. To accommodate this growth, we expect continued demand for new or expanded transmission, substation and distribution infrastructure to reliably transport power to meet demand driven by electrification, data centers and manufacturing reshoring, as well as the modification and reengineering of existing infrastructure with increasing penetration of renewable generation and battery storage and the increased investment in new gas-powered generation. Furthermore, in order to reliably and efficiently deliver power and in preparation for emerging technologies, utility customers are also integrating smart grid technologies into distribution systems to improve grid management and create efficiencies, and a number of utility customers continue to implement system upgrades and hardening programs in response to recurring severe weather events, including, among other things, initiatives to underground critical infrastructure. For example, utilities throughout the United States are executing storm hardening programs to make their systems more resilient to hurricanes and other severe weather events, and there are significant system resiliency initiatives underway in California and other regions in the United States that are designed to prevent and manage the impact of wildfires. In addition, utility and other customers are increasing their investment in various forms of power generation in response to load growth expectations, which have accelerated based on demand for electricity driven by data centers, manufacturing and reshoring, industrialization, electrification and power grid expansion. Due to increased adoption and technological 5 advancements and efficiencies, renewable generation has some of the lowest levelized costs of energy in the marketplace. When coupled with consumer and corporate preferences for clean energy and emissions-reduction initiatives, demand for renewable generation, energy storage, and related infrastructure has increased and is expected to result in sizable, long-term investments. Utility and other customers are also increasing their investments in other forms of base load power generation, such as combined cycle gas generation and gas peaker generation plants. The development of power generation infrastructure can often necessitate the development and construction of related infrastructure, including high-voltage electric transmission and substation infrastructure, that is necessary to enhance grid resiliency and interconnect and transmit electricity from new generation facilities into the existing electric power grid. In addition, the investment of capital into the build out of data centers by technology customers in order to, among other things, expand cloud-based services and develop artificial intelligence (AI) training and inference, increases demand for our solutions offerings. In particular, we believe Quanta is well positioned to provide turnkey infrastructure solutions for these facilities, such as critical-path low-voltage electrical infrastructure solutions inside data centers (e.g., advanced manufactured and modular solutions); high-voltage substation, transformer and transmission interconnection infrastructure to connect the facilities to the power grid; and generation infrastructure necessary to power the facilities. These overall market dynamics support demand for our capabilities and our solutions-based approach for our high-quality customers. With respect to our communications service offerings, which are focused on the North American market, consumer and commercial demand for communication and data-intensive, high-bandwidth wireline and wireless services and applications are driving significant investment in infrastructure and the deployment of new technologies. In particular, we believe there are opportunities to provide fiber and other services in and around data centers, and to interconnect data centers. Communications providers are utilizing fifth generation wireless (5G) infrastructure to support fixed wireless access, which is driving additional fiber capacity requirements for consumer and commercial applications. Additionally, legislative and regulatory initiatives, including the Broadband Equity Access and Deployment (BEAD) Program, have dedicated billions of dollars of funding to support broadband service to underserved markets. Underground and Infrastructure Services Our Underground and Infrastructure segment provides comprehensive infrastructure solutions to customers involved in the transportation, distribution, storage, development and processing of natural gas, oil and other products, as well as customers that own and operate large load centers. Services performed generally include: design, engineering, procurement, new construction, upgrade and repair and maintenance services for natural gas systems for gas utility customers; pipeline protection, integrity testing, rehabilitation and replacement services; catalyst replacement services, high-pressure and critical-path turnaround services, instrumentation and electrical services, piping, fabrication and storage tank services for the midstream and downstream industrial energy markets, as well as specialty cleaning and environmental solutions for the industrial energy and petrochemical markets; engineering and construction services for pipeline systems, storage systems and compressor and pump stations and the fabrication of pipeline support systems and related structures and facilities; trenching, directional boring and mechanized welding services related to the services described above; civil solutions, including site clearing, earthwork, soil stabilization and infrastructure development; turnkey mechanical, plumbing and process infrastructure solutions for large load centers in the technology, semiconductor, healthcare and other industries; and engineering, construction and maintenance services for energy transition and carbon-reduction related projects, such as alternative fuel facilities, carbon capture systems and hydrogen facilities. Business Environment With respect to gas utility services, pipeline integrity and transmission services and downstream industrial services, we believe these are specialty services and industries that are driven by regulated utility spending; regulation, replacement and rehabilitation of aging infrastructure; and safety and environmental initiatives. We believe this provides a greater level of business sustainability and predictability and helps to offset the cyclicality of larger pipeline projects described below. Natural gas utilities have implemented multi-decade modernization programs to replace aging cast iron, bare steel and plastic system infrastructure with modern materials for safety, reliability and environmental purposes, and regulatory measures have increased the frequency and stringency of pipeline integrity testing requirements that require our customers to test, inspect, repair, maintain and replace pipeline infrastructure to ensure that it operates in a safe, reliable and environmentally conscious manner. 6 Further, permitting challenges associated with construction of new pipelines can make existing pipeline infrastructure more valuable, motivating owners to extend the useful life of existing pipeline assets through integrity initiatives. Additionally, with respect to our downstream industrial services, including our high-pressure and critical-path turnaround services, as well as our capabilities with respect to instrumentation and electrical services, piping, fabrication and storage tanks services, and other industrial services, we are focused on processing facilities located along the U.S. Gulf Coast region, which we believe should have certain long-term strategic advantages due to their proximity to competitively priced and abundant hydrocarbon resources. Our revenues related to larger pipeline services have fluctuated in recent years. For example, revenues associated with larger U.S. pipeline projects have declined significantly as the pipeline and related infrastructure development necessary to support U.S. shale formations has largely been completed in the near term and as a result of a more challenging permitting and regulatory environment. Revenues associated with large pipeline projects have decreased in recent years, as compared to prior years, and we anticipate that revenues associated with these projects will continue to fluctuate. Despite these fluctuations and cyclicality, we continue to selectively pursue larger pipeline project opportunities to the extent they satisfy our margin and risk profiles. Additionally, the significant increase in demand for electric power is resulting in an increase in planning for new natural gas generation facilities, as well as delays in the retirement of existing facilities, which could in turn increase the demand for additional pipeline, related infrastructure and integrity services. Through recent acquisitions we have expanded our capabilities and solutions related to turnkey mechanical, plumbing and process infrastructure solutions, which we believe position us to meet strong demand for these services by data center, manufacturing, semiconductor and other large load facilities and provide opportunities in other core end markets. We have also expanded our capabilities and solutions related to civil solutions through recent acquisitions, which allows us to meet strong demand for these services. We also believe that customers in this segment are implementing strategies to reduce carbon emissions produced from their operations, which are providing incremental opportunities for our services and could include building or repurposing pipeline infrastructure, including the development of infrastructure for blending hydrogen into natural gas flow and carbon capture projects. To the extent these technologies gain wider adoption, we believe our customer relationships and capabilities position us well to capitalize on future opportunities. Furthermore, the favorable characteristics of natural gas could also position North America as a leading competitor in the global LNG export market, which could provide additional opportunities for our pipeline service offerings. GENERAL Recent Acquisitions On July 25, 2025, we completed the acquisition of Dynamic Systems (DSI), LLC (Dynamic Systems), which provides turnkey mechanical, plumbing and process infrastructure solutions to a diversified customer base that includes technology, semiconductor, healthcare and other load center markets. Dynamic Systems is located in the United States, and its results have been included primarily in the Underground and Infrastructure segment. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we also acquired seven additional businesses, including two businesses located in the United States that specialize in civil solutions, including site clearing, earthwork, soil stabilization and infrastructure development (which have been included in the Underground and Infrastructure segment), a business located in Australia that specializes in electrical engineering and the design and manufacturing of industrial technology solutions (which has been included in both the Electric and Underground and Infrastructure segments), a business located in the United States that specializes in utility construction and related support services (which has primarily been included in the Electric segment), a business located in the United States that specializes in the design, construction and repair of overhead and underground transmission and distribution infrastructure, civil construction services related to substations, as well as helicopter services for electric utility infrastructure (which has primarily been included in the Electric segment), a business located in the United States that specializes in electrical solutions including low voltage technology, testing, engineering, integration, renewable energy and electric prefabrication solutions (which has primarily been included in the Electric segment) and a business located in the United States that provides helicopter services (which has primarily been included in the Electric segment and was accounted for as an asset acquisition). On July 17, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Cupertino Electric, Inc. (CEI), which provides electrical infrastructure solutions, including engineering, procurement, project management, construction and modularization services, to the technology, renewable energy and infrastructure and commercial industries. CEI is located in the United States, and its results have been included in the Electric segment. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we also acquired seven additional businesses located in the United States, including: a business that provides specialty environmental solutions to utility, industrial and petrochemical companies (primarily included in the Underground and Infrastructure segment); a business that specializes in testing, manufacturing and distributing safety equipment and supplies (primarily included in the Electric segment); a business that specializes in electrical infrastructure services for substations, data centers and governmental entities (primarily included in the Electric segment); a business that manufactures transmission and distribution equipment for the 7 electric utility industry (primarily included in the Electric segment); a business that provides services and equipment related to aerial telecommunications infrastructure and networks (primarily included in the Electric segment); a business that provides services related to fiber optic networks (primarily included in the Electric segment); and a business that specializes in designing, manufacturing, and distributing liquid-filled power transformers primarily for electrical companies and utilities (primarily included in the Electric segment). During the year ended December 31, 2023, we acquired five businesses located in the United States that are primarily included in the Electric segment including: a business that provides services related to high-voltage transmission lines, overhead and underground distribution, emergency restoration and industrial and commercial wiring and lighting; a business that procures parts, assembles kits for sale, manages logistics and installs solar tracking equipment for utility and development customers; a business that provides concrete construction services; a business specializing in power studies, maintenance testing and commissioning primarily for utility and commercial customers and a business that manufactures power transformers for the electric utility, renewable energy, municipal power and industrial markets. The results of operations of acquired businesses have been included in our consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates. These acquisitions are further described in Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II of this Annual Report. We believe potential acquisition and investment opportunities exist in our industries and adjacent industries. We believe our business model, strong customer relationships and employee-centric culture are attractive to potential acquisition targets. While the attractiveness of certain acquisition targets may be diminished in the short term by increased interest rates, regulatory conditions and market volatility, we continue to evaluate opportunities that are expected to, among other things, broaden our customer base, expand our geographic area of operations and grow and diversify our portfolio of products and services. Customer Relationships We have a large and diverse customer base, including many of the leading companies in the industries we serve, and we have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers and strive to develop and maintain our status as a preferred solutions provider to our customers. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our largest customer accounted for 8% of our consolidated revenues and our ten largest customers accounted for 30% of our consolidated revenues. Representative customers include: l American Electric Power Company, Inc. l National Grid plc l CenterPoint Energy, Inc. l NextEra Energy, Inc. l Comcast Corporation l NiSource, Inc. l Duke Energy Corporation l Pattern Energy l Engie IR Holdings LLC l PG E Corporation l Entergy Corporation l Puget Sound Energy, Inc. l Exelon Corporation l RWE AG l FirstEnergy Corp. l Santos Limited l Hydro One Incorporated l Sempra Energy l Iberdrola Group l The Southern Company l Idaho Power Company l The Williams Companies, Inc. l Invenergy LLC l Turner Construction Company l Lower Colorado River Authority l Xcel Energy Inc. Our customers include utility, power developer, technology, communications, and energy delivery companies, as well as governmental entities. We have estimated revenues by customer type as a percentage of total revenues below. Such estimates 8 are based on management judgment and assumptions and are provided to show perceived trends in our customer types and should be considered directional in nature. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Utility and Power 70 % 74 % 75 % Energy and Other 17 17 19 Technology, Manufacturing and Communications 13 9 6 Total revenues 100 % 100 % 100 % The customer types set forth in the table above are described in further detail as follows: Utility and Power - Customers that are electric and gas utility companies, as well as power developers; Energy and Other - Customers that own refineries or petrochemical plants and customers that own and/or operate pipelines for the delivery of hydrocarbons, and other non-utility and power customers and non-technology, manufacturing and communications customers to which we provide solutions; and Technology, Manufacturing and Communications - Customers that own and/or operate assets supporting delivery of data, communications and digital services (such as hyperscaler, data center colocation) and customers who own or operate commercial or industrial manufacturing facilities, as well as telecommunication customers. We believe utility, power developer, technology, communications, and energy delivery company customers provide us with growth opportunities due to their programmatic and long-term capital programs and/or the longer-term trends and transitions associated with these industries. We are a preferred service provider for many of our customers, which generally means we have met minimum standards for a specific category of service, maintained a high level of performance and agreed to certain payment terms and negotiated rates. We strive to maintain our preferred status as we believe it provides us an advantage in the award of future work for the applicable customer. Furthermore, many of our strategic relationships with customers take the form of strategic alliance or long-term maintenance agreements, which typically extend for an initial term and may include renewal options to extend the initial term. Strategic alliance agreements also generally state an intention to work together over a period of time and/or on specific types of projects, and many provide us with preferential bidding procedures. We have also developed manufacturing capabilities designed to provide us with the capability to produce certain critical project components, including power transformers, that are needed for our customers projects. Although we have an integrated marketing and business development strategy, management at each of our operating companies is primarily responsible for developing and maintaining successful long-term relationships with customers. Our operating company management teams build upon existing customer relationships to secure additional projects and increase revenues. Many of these customer relationships are long-standing and are maintained through a partnering approach with centralized account management, which includes project evaluation and consulting, quality performance, performance measurement and direct customer contact. Additionally, operating company management focuses on pursuing growth opportunities with prospective customers. We also encourage operating company management to cross-sell services of our other operating companies to their customers and coordinate with our other operating companies to pursue projects, especially those that are larger and more complex. We believe our ability to provide services that cover a broad spectrum of our customers needs and requirements is a significant differentiator. Our corporate-level business development and regional management groups support these activities by promoting and marketing our services for existing and prospective large accounts, as well as projects that are capable of utilizing services from multiple operating companies. Competition and Market Demand The industries and geographic markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and several of our competitors are large companies that have significant financial, technical and marketing resources. In addition, there are relatively few barriers to entry into some of the industries in which we operate and, as a result, organizations that have adequate financial resources and access to technical expertise may become a competitor. Furthermore, companies that we engage as subcontractors, including pursuant to certain regulatory and customer requirements, may develop the expertise necessary to compete with us with respect to the award of prime contracts from our customers. A significant portion of our revenues is currently derived from unit price or fixed price agreements, and price is often an important factor in the award of such agreements. Accordingly, we could be underbid by our competitors. However, customers often consider other factors in choosing a service provider, including technical expertise and experience, breadth of solutions offerings, safety ratings, financial and operational resources, geographic presence, industry reputation and dependability, which we expect to benefit larger service providers such as us. In addition, competition may lessen as industry resources, such as labor supplies, approach capacity. There can be no assurance, however, that our competitors will not develop the expertise, 9 experience and resources to provide services that are superior in both price and quality to our services, or that we will be able to maintain or enhance our competitive position. The in-house service organizations of certain of our existing or prospective customers, primarily our utility customers, employ personnel who perform some of the same types of services we provide. Although these companies currently outsource a significant portion of these services, there can be no assurance that they will continue to do so in the future or that they will not acquire additional in-house capabilities. For further information regarding the effects of competition on our business and trends in market demand affecting our business, see Risks Related to Operating Our Business and Risks Related to Our Industries in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report and Results of Operations in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition in Part II of this Annual Report. Material Resources Equipment We depend on the availability of a wide range of equipment to perform our services. We operate a fleet of owned and leased trucks and trailers, as well as support vehicles and specialty construction equipment, such as bucket trucks, digger derricks, sidebooms, dozers, backhoes, excavators, trenchers, generators, boring machines, cranes, robotic arms, wire pullers and tensioners. We also own a large fleet of aircraft, primarily helicopters, that are utilized in connection with our solution offerings. As of December 31, 2025, the total size of our owned and leased fleet was approximately 80,000 units. A number of factors that we may not be able to predict or control could result in increased costs for, or delays in delivery of, this equipment, including supply chain and other logistical challenges, as well as global trade relationships and other general market and political conditions that could impact production, delivery or pricing of such equipment (e.g., inflation, interest rates, recessionary economic conditions). Additionally, our ability to efficiently allocate equipment, including our vehicle fleet and helicopters, across our operating companies may impact our ability to perform services and the profitability of our operations. As such, we have invested, and continue to invest, significant resources and management attention to the utilization of our equipment. Project Materials We and our customers depend on the availability of certain materials for construction, upgrade, repair and maintenance of their infrastructure, including, among other things, steel, copper, aluminum, and components for electrical projects (e.g., power transformers, circuit breakers, wire) and power generation projects (e.g., solar panels, wind turbine blades, batteries). While our customers are typically responsible for supplying most or all of the materials required for the services we perform on their projects, pursuant to certain of our contracts, including contacts for our comprehensive EPC services, we are required to procure all or part of the materials needed for a project. As we continue to expand our EPC services, customers are increasingly requesting that we be responsible for procuring materials, and this trend is expected to continue to increase. Additionally, we have invested in domestic manufacturing capabilities for certain critical transmission and power generation components, including high- and low-voltage power transformers, and we have made strategic investments in other core utility infrastructure equipment, including utility poles. We believe continuing to develop these capabilities and make these investments can help alleviate certain of our customers supply chain constraints and improve and control project timelines, as well as potentially reduce exposure to changes in global trade relationships around such components. For further information regarding certain risks associated with sources and availability of project materials and components, see Regulation below and Risks Related to Operating Our Business in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report. Seasonality and Cyclicality Typically, our revenues and results of operations can be subject to seasonal and other variations. These variations are influenced by, among other things, weather, customer spending patterns, bidding seasons, receipt of required regulatory approvals, permits and rights of way, project timing and schedules, and holidays. Our revenues are generally lowest in the first quarter of the year because cold, snowy or wet conditions can create challenging working environments that are more costly for our customers or cause delays on projects. In addition, infrastructure projects often do not begin in a meaningful way until our customers finalize their capital budgets, which typically occurs during the first quarter. Second quarter revenues are typically higher than those in the first quarter, as some projects begin, but continued cold and wet weather can often impact productivity. Third quarter and fourth quarter revenues are typically the highest of the year, as a greater number of projects are underway and operating conditions, including weather, are normally more accommodating. During the fourth quarter, projects are often completed and customers often seek to spend their capital budgets before year end. However, the holiday season and inclement weather can sometimes cause delays during the fourth quarter, reducing revenues and increasing costs. These seasonal impacts are typical for our U.S. operations, but seasonality for our international operations may differ. 10 Regulation Compliance with numerous regulations has a material effect on our operations. Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws and regulations, including: licensing, permitting and inspection requirements applicable to contractors and engineers; regulations relating to worker safety (e.g., Occupational Safety and Health Administration regulations) and environmental protection; permitting and inspection requirements applicable to construction projects; wage and hour regulations (e.g., Fair Labor Standards Act) and regulations associated with our collective bargaining agreements and unionized workforce; regulations relating to sourcing and transportation of equipment and materials, including licensing and permitting requirements; regulations regarding engagement of suppliers and subcontractors that meet diversity-ownership or disadvantaged-business requirements; regulations relating to aviation activities; building and electrical codes; applicable U.S. and non-U.S. anti-corruption regulations; immigration regulations applicable to U.S. and cross-border employment; and special bidding, procurement, cybersecurity and other requirements on government projects, as well as obtaining and maintaining security clearance required for certain government projects. We believe that we are in compliance with all material licensing and regulatory requirements that are necessary to conduct our operations. Our failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in substantial fines or revocation of certain of our operating licenses, as well as give rise to termination or cancellation rights under our contracts or disqualify us from future bidding opportunities. We are also subject to numerous federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations governing our operations, including the handling, transportation and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous substances and wastes, as well as emissions and other discharges into the environment, including discharges to air, surface water, groundwater and soil. We also are subject to laws and regulations that impose liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of hazardous substances into the environment. Under certain of these laws and regulations, liability can be imposed for cleanup of previously owned or operated properties or currently owned properties at which hazardous substances or wastes were discharged or disposed of by a former owner or operator, regardless of whether we directly caused the contamination or violated any law at the time of discharge or disposal. The presence of contamination from such substances or wastes could also interfere with ongoing operations or adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property or use it as collateral for financing. In addition, we could be held liable for significant penalties and damages under certain environmental laws and regulations or be subject to revocation of certain licenses or permits, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. Our contracts with customers may also impose liability on us for environmental issues that arise through the performance of our services. As a result, from time to time, we incur, and expect to continue to incur, costs and obligations to remain in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, to correct environmental noncompliance matters and for remediation at or relating to certain of our properties. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with our environmental obligations and that any such obligations will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial performance. The overall regulatory environment also creates both challenges and opportunities for our business. In recent years, certain of our projects and certain customer spending in our industries have been negatively impacted by regulatory and permitting delays, as well as private legal challenges related to regulatory requirements, particularly with respect to large transmission and pipeline projects. Any tariffs, duties, taxes, assessments, or other limitations on the availability or sourcing of materials or components for our customers projects can also increase costs for customers and create variability of project timing. For example, regulatory, legislative or executive action with respect to regional and global trade relationships have impacted, and may impact in the future, the supply chain for certain components required for our customers projects (e.g., solar panels). For further information regarding the effects of regulation on our business, see Risks Related to Operating Our Business and Risks Related Regulation and Compliance in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report. Conversely, we believe that there are also several existing, pending or proposed legislative or regulatory actions that may alleviate certain regulatory and permitting issues and positively impact long-term demand, particularly in connection with electric power infrastructure and power generation spending. For example, regulatory changes affecting siting and right-of-way processes could potentially accelerate construction for transmission projects, and state and federal reliability standards are creating incentives for both electrical and pipeline system investment and maintenance. 11 Human Capital Resources We believe our employees are our most important resources, and we focus significant attention and resources on attracting, developing and retaining talented and experienced individuals. We believe our industry-leading training and safety programs are a strength and competitive differentiator with not only our current and potential operating company employees, but with our customers, which have high safety standards and are increasing the amount of their outsourced infrastructure services. Our operations are decentralized and labor-intensive, and we rely on craft skilled labor personnel and experienced operators to successfully manage our day-to-day business, as well as corporate management and professional personnel to coordinate and help execute our business strategies, allocate capital and coordinate equipment usage, and facilitate certain centralized administrative services . Employee Profile As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 69,500 employees, consisting of approximately 13,800 salaried employees, including, among others, executive officers, professional and administrative staff, project managers and engineers, job superintendents and field personnel, and approximately 55,700 hourly employees, the number of which fluctuates depending upon the number and size of the projects that are ongoing and planned at any particular time. Additionally, approximately 36% of our employees as of December 31, 2025 were covered by collective bargaining agreements, which require the payment of specified wages, the observance of certain workplace rules and the payment of certain amounts to multiemployer pension plans and employee benefit trusts. These collective bargaining agreements have varying terms and expiration dates, and the majority contain provisions that prohibit work stoppages or strikes, even during specified negotiation periods relating to agreement renewals, and provide for binding arbitration dispute resolution in the event of prolonged disagreement. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 64,400 U.S. employees and approximately 5,100 non-U.S. employees, with the majority of our non-U.S. employees based in Canada. Employee Health and Safety Performance of our services requires the use of heavy equipment and exposure to inherently hazardous conditions. In response to these inherent hazards and as part of our commitment to the safety of our operating company employees, customers and third parties, our corporate and operating company management personnel have established safety programs, policies and procedures and ongoing training requirements for our employees and have also developed and implemented critical safety equipment and innovations. For example, on our project sites we have implemented emergency response plans, personal voltage detectors, first aid training and automated external defibrillators, which have helped save the lives of our employees and bystanders. We have also continued to invest significant resources in our safety programs and training facilities, including the Quanta Advanced Training Center, located in Texas, and our safety monitoring tools, including fleet management software. Our operating companies also develop and share best practices for safety policies and practices, and we have an established program for onboarding newly acquired companies and working with them to augment their existing safety practices as necessary. We are also subject to, and must comply with, extensive regulations relating to worker health and safety, including the regulations of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Employee Recruiting, Development and Training Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified employees, including craft skilled labor, project management, engineers, architects, designers, management and professional and administrative employees. Craft Skilled Labor. We continue to address the longer-term need for additional labor resources in our markets, as our customers continue to seek additional specialized labor resources to address an aging utility workforce and longer-term labor availability issues, increasing pressure to reduce costs and improve reliability, and increasing duration and complexity of their capital programs. We believe these trends will continue, possibly to such a degree that demand for labor resources will outpace supply. Furthermore, the increased demand for our services based on favorable dynamics in certain of our industries can create shortages of qualified labor. In order to take advantage of available opportunities and successfully implement our long-term strategy, we must be able to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled personnel. As a result, we are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through strategic relationships with universities, the military and unions and the expansion and development of our training facilities and postsecondary educational institution. For example, we own and operate Northwest Lineman College, a postsecondary educational institution that provides training programs for the electric power infrastructure, communications and underground utility and infrastructure industries and specializes in pre-apprenticeship training, apprenticeship training and specialized utility task training for electric workers. We also continue to invest in our education and training capabilities at the Quanta Advanced Training Center and other dedicated training facilities, which provide programs for, among other things, beginning linemen, energized electric power services, telecommunications services, renewable (solar) construction, industrial services, wireman introduction, lead and cable splicing, directional drilling, gas distribution services and pipeline integrity training. These training facilities allow us to provide classroom and on-the-job 12 training programs and allow us to train employees in a controlled environment on a large variety of industry common structures. As an example of our strategic relationships with unions, our operating companies performing more sophisticated and technical jobs utilize, when applicable, training programs provided by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers/National Electrical Contractors Associations (IBEW/NECA) Apprenticeship Program, training programs sponsored by the four trade unions administered by the Pipe Line Contractors Association (PLCA), apprenticeship training programs sponsored by the Canadian Union of Skilled Workers (CUSW) or our equivalent programs. Certain of our operating companies have also established apprenticeship training programs approved by the U.S. Department of Labor that prescribe equivalent training requirements for employees who are not otherwise subject to the requirements of the IBEW/NECA Apprenticeship Program. In addition, the Laborers International Union of North America, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, the United Association of Plumbers and Pipefitters and the International Union of Operating Engineers have training programs specifically designed for developing and improving the skills of their members who work in the pipeline construction industry. Our operating companies also share best practices for training and educational programs. Although we believe these and other initiatives will help address workforce needs, meeting our customers demand for labor resources could prove challenging. For additional information on the risks associated with labor resources in our industries, see Risks Related to Operating Our Business in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report. Management and Professional Personnel. Due to our decentralized operating structure, significant decision-making authority resides with management at our operating companies, and our corporate management and professional and administrative personnel are relied upon to allocate capital and communicate, coordinate and help execute our business strategies. We are focused on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees for these important positions, as we rely on them to successfully manage our decentralized operations and grow and expand our business. We have also implemented enterprise-wide talent development and succession planning programs designed to identify and develop future and/or replacement candidates for key positions. For example, we have developed and administer a succession program with respect to our executive officers and other senior leadership personnel, which is reviewed and/or overseen by our Board of Directors (Board). Compensation and Benefits Our compensation programs are generally designed to align employee compensation with market practices and our performance, as well as provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees. With respect to our executive officers, operating company management, other senior leadership and corporate employees, compensation programs consist of both fixed and variable components. The fixed portion is generally set based on consideration of various market factors, with variable compensation designed to reward employees based on company financial and operational performance. We also grant stock-based compensation broadly throughout our organization, including to management and key operations personnel at the majority of our operating companies, which we believe is a key component of our compensation programs that helps to align incentives throughout our decentralized organization. We also enter into employment agreements with our executive officers and certain other key personnel. We provide additional benefits to our employees. For example, we provide health, welfare and benefit plans for most employees who are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we maintain a 401(k) plan pursuant to which eligible U.S. employees who are not provided retirement benefits through a collective bargaining agreement may make contributions through payroll deductions and to which we make certain matching contributions. Ethics and Compliance All of our employees are subject to Quanta s Code of Conduct, which addresses compliance with applicable laws and Quanta s policies concerning, among other things, general business ethics, competition, anti-corruption and bribery, environmental protection, conflicts of interest, harassment and discrimination, data security and privacy, and insider trading. Quanta s Code of Conduct also informs employees and third parties (such as suppliers, subcontractors and members of the public) about the resources and confidential reporting mechanisms available to detect, prevent and report unethical and illegal conduct, and our Chief Compliance Officer communicates directly with our Board about actual and alleged violations of the law or the Code of Conduct. Training with respect to Quanta s Code of Conduct and other policies and procedures is conducted as part of our comprehensive ethics and compliance training program. Climate Change-Related Impacts Our management considers climate-related risks and opportunities as part of its overall long-term strategic planning and enterprise risk management process, which are overseen by our Board. While the overall impact on our operations continues to evolve, various aspects of climate change, as well as market and societal concerns about the future impact of climate change, have resulted and are expected to continue to result in operational opportunities and challenges. These opportunities and 13 challenges can arise from the physical risks associated with changes in climate, as well as technological advances, market developments and additional regulatory and compliance costs. Changes in climate have caused, and are expected to continue to cause, among other things, changes to meteorological and hydrological patterns that in turn have impacted the frequency and intensity of wildfires, hurricanes, floods, droughts, winter storms and other storms and severe weather-related events and natural disasters. Our operating results can be significantly influenced by the climates in which we operate and severe weather events, and these changes have and could continue to significantly impact our future operating results. A greater amount of rainfall, snow, ice or other less accommodating weather conditions, including extreme heat, as well as an increase in severe weather events and natural disasters, reduces our productivity and causes delays and cancellations of our ongoing projects. However, an increase in certain of these events, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, wildfires, blizzards and ice storms, also creates opportunities for us to perform a greater amount of emergency restoration services and, as described above, can increase customer spending on modernization, grid hardening and other infrastructure improvements (e.g., fire hardening programs and storm hardening programs). The timing and impact of these events is difficult to predict and can vary from period to period, and our emergency restoration services attributable to these events can fluctuate significantly in any given year. Additionally, changes in climate could result in more accommodating weather patterns for greater periods of time in certain areas, which may enable us to increase our productivity in those areas. Physical risks associated with changes in climate have also increased certain hazards associated with certain of our operations, which in turn has increased the potential for liability and increased the costs associated with such operations. For example, severe drought and high wind speeds have significantly increased the risk of wildfires throughout our operating locations, which in turn has exposed us and other contractors to increased risk of liability, particularly as these events can be started by electrical power and other infrastructure on which we have performed services. Given the potentially significant liabilities associated with these events, to the extent we are deemed liable or are otherwise responsible for damages or other amounts associated with a wildfire event, it could have a material adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, these climate conditions have also resulted in increased costs for wildfire-related third-party insurance and reduced the amount of insurance carriers are willing to make available to us under such policies. Changes in climate have in the past, and may in the future, impact the markets in which we operate. For example, certain services within our Underground and Infrastructure segment, including large pipeline infrastructure services, have experienced periodic challenges as a result of concerns regarding the impact of fossil fuels or refined products on the environment. However, such concerns have recently lessened as a result of the overall increase in demand for electricity, which has in turn increased demand for our services and solutions associated with all forms of power generation, including legacy energy resources such as natural gas. Furthermore, in recent years, many utility customers have increased their renewable power generation portfolios (e.g., solar, wind, battery storage ) in part as a result of concerns associated with changes in climate, which has in turn increased demand for our services associated with renewable power generation and related electric power infrastructure. Lastly, new legislation or regulation related to climate change could increase our costs. Most significantly, we maintain a large fleet of vehicles and a significant amount of construction machinery, and the costs associated with them could significantly increase as a result of regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions from such sources or regulations that result in an increase in fuel prices. Additionally, we may be subject to new rules relating to the disclosure of a range of climate-related risks. While certain of these rules are currently subject to litigation and the timing of implementation and finalization of such rules is uncertain, we are continuing to assess these rules and regulations and at this time we cannot predict the costs of implementation or any potential adverse impacts resulting from the rules. To the extent these rules are implemented, we or our customers could incur increased costs related to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related risks. In addition, enhanced climate disclosure requirements could accelerate the trend of certain stakeholders and lenders restricting or seeking more stringent conditions with respect to their investments in certain carbon intensive sectors, which could further impact our customers and demand for our services. For additional information regarding the risks and opportunities described above, see Risks Related to Operating Our Business in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report. Risk Management and Insurance We are insured for, among other things, employer s liability, workers compensation, auto liability, aviation and general liability claims. We manage and maintain a portion of our risk through retentions and/or high deductibles, as well as, both directly and indirectly through our wholly-owned captive insurance company. The captive insurance company reimburses all claims up to the amount of the applicable deductible of any third-party insurance programs, as well as certain additional exposure related to the general and auto liability programs, which together, in certain circumstances, can be up to $70.0 million per occurrence. As a supplement to our high-deductible primary insurance and captive programs, we maintain insurance with excess insurance carriers for potential losses that exceed the amount of our deductible and captive insurance obligations. We 14 renew our insurance policies on an annual basis, and therefore deductibles, captive insurance and/or reinsurance amounts, and levels of insurance coverage may change in future periods. For additional information regarding our insurance and the risks associated with insurance coverage, see Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Risks Related to Operating Our Business in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report. Website Access and Other Information Our website address is www.quantaservices.com . Interested parties may obtain free electronic copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports in the Investors / SEC Filings section of our website or through the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov . These reports are available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. We will also make available to any stockholder, without charge, copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. For copies of this or any other Quanta publication, stockholders may submit a request in writing to Quanta Services, Inc., Attn: Corporate Secretary, 2727 North Loop West, Houston, Texas 77008, or by phone at (713) 629-7600. Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information and make other public disclosures of information regarding Quanta through SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, and our website. We also utilize social media to communicate this information, and it is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed material. Accordingly, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to follow Quanta, and review the information we post, on the social media channels listed on our website in the Investors / Social Media section. This Annual Report, our website and our social media channels contain information provided by other sources that we believe is reliable. We cannot provide assurance that the information obtained from other sources is accurate or complete. No information on our website or our social media channels is incorporated by reference herein. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the material risks and uncertainties described below. The matters described below are not the only risks and uncertainties facing our company, and risks and uncertainties not known to us or not described below also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows can be negatively affected, the value of securities we have issued could be adversely affected, resulting in stockholders and purchasers losing part or all of their investment, and we may not be able to achieve our strategic initiatives or expectations. This Annual Report also includes statements reflecting assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events that are intended as forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should be read in conjunction with the section entitled Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements and Information. Summary Risk Factors The following is a summary of some of the material risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Risks Related to Operating Our Business Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. A variety of issues could affect the timing or profitability of our projects, and could result in, among other things, project termination or payment of liquidated damages. Our business is subject to operational hazards (e.g., wildfires, explosions) that can result in significant liabilities, and we may not be insured against all potential liabilities. Insurance and claims expenses, as well as the unavailability or cancellation of third-party insurance coverage, could have a material adverse effect on us. Our business and operating results are subject to physical risks associated with changes in climate. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or we may incur significant costs if we are unable to efficiently manage our workforce. A loss of business from certain significant customers could have a material effect on our business. Changes in estimates related to revenues and costs under customer contracts could result in a reduction or elimination of revenues or profits and the recognition of losses. We may fail to adequately recover on contract change orders or claims against customers. We are subject to lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings, as well as project surety claims. We may be unsuccessful in generating internal growth. 15 Many of our contracts may be canceled or suspended on short notice or may not be renewed or replaced. The nature of our business exposes us to warranty, engineering and other related claims. We can incur liabilities or suffer negative financial or reputational impacts due to health and safety matters. Disruptions or failure to adequately protect our information technology systems could materially affect our business and reputation. A deterioration of our reputation or brands could have an adverse impact on our business. Our financial results are based on estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual results. Our inability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy may adversely impact our growth. Our management structure could be inadequate to support our business as it expands and becomes more complex. The loss of, or our inability to attract or keep, key personnel could disrupt our business. Our investments, including our joint ventures, expose us to risks and may result in conflicts of interest. We are subject to credit and investment risk with respect to our customers and projects. Risks associated with operating in international markets and U.S. territories could harm our business and prospects. Our business is subject to the availability of suppliers, subcontractors and equipment manufacturers. A lack of availability or an increase in the price of fuel, materials or equipment could adversely affect our business or our customers. Scrutiny and expectations with respect to corporate sustainability practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to reputational or other risks. Risks Related to Our Industries Negative macroeconomic conditions and industry-specific economic and market conditions can adversely impact our business. Our revenues and profitability can be negatively impacted if customers encounter financial difficulties or disputes arise with our customers. Our business is highly competitive and competitive pressures could negatively impact our business. Technological advancements and other market conditions could negatively affect our business. Risks Related to Regulation and Compliance Regulatory requirements applicable to our business and potential changes related to those requirements may adversely affect our business. Our unionized workforce and related obligations may adversely affect our operations. We could be adversely affected by failure to comply with laws applicable to our foreign activities. Our failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could result in significant liabilities and costs. Certain specific regulatory requirements are applicable to us and certain of our subsidiaries, which could materially impact our business. Changes in tax laws could adversely affect our financial results. Opportunities for government contracts or projects could subject us to increased regulation and costs and may pose additional risks relating to funding and compliance. Immigration laws, including inability to verify employment and restrictions on movement, could adversely impact our business. Risk Related to Financing Our Business We may not have access to sufficient funding to finance desired growth and operations. We have a significant amount of debt that can negatively impact our business. We may not have sufficient cash flow to service our debt. Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk. We may be unable to compete for projects if we cannot obtain surety bonds, letters of credit or bank guarantees. A downgrade in our debt rating could restrict our ability to access capital markets. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Our sale or issuance of additional common stock or other equity securities could be dilutive to each stockholder s ownership interest or affect the market price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that we will declare or pay future dividends on our common stock. Certain provisions of our governing documents could make an acquisition of Quanta more difficult. Risks Related to Operating Our Business Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Certain industries in which we operate can be cyclical and our business is subject to seasonality and other factors that can result in significantly different operating results from quarter to quarter, and therefore our results in any particular quarter may 16 not be indicative of future results. Our quarterly results have been and may in the future be materially and/or adversely affected by, among other things: the timing and volume of work we perform and our performance with respect to ongoing projects and services, including as a result of fluctuations in the amount of work customers assign to us under our agreements (e.g., MSAs), delays and reductions in scope of projects, and project and agreement terminations, expirations or cancellations; increases in project costs that result from, among other things, natural disasters and emergencies, adverse weather conditions or events, legal challenges, permitting, regulatory or environmental processes, tariffs, or inaccurate project cost estimates; variations in the size, scope, costs and operating income margins of ongoing projects, as well as the mix of our customers, contracts and business; fluctuations in economic, political, financial, industry and market conditions on a regional, national or global basis, including as a result of, among other things, inflationary pressure that impacts our costs associated with labor, equipment and materials; increased interest rates; default or threat of default by the U.S. federal government with respect to its debt obligations; U.S. government shutdowns; natural disasters and other emergencies (e.g., wildfires, weather-related events, pandemics); deterioration of global or specific trade relationships; or geopolitical conflicts and political unrest; pricing pressures as a result of competition; changes in the budgetary spending patterns or strategic plans of customers or governmental entities; supply chain and other logistical difficulties, as well as sourcing restrictions on materials necessary for the services we provide; liabilities and costs incurred in our operations that are not covered by, or that are in excess of, our third-party insurance or indemnification rights, including significant liabilities that arise from the inherently hazardous conditions of our operations (e.g., explosions, fires) and the operations of our subcontractors, and which could be exacerbated by the geographies in which we operate; disputes with customers or delays and payment risk relating to billing and payment under our contracts and change orders, including as a result of customers that encounter financial difficulties, are insolvent or have filed for bankruptcy protection; the resolution of, or unexpected or increased costs associated with, pending or threatened legal proceedings, indemnity obligations, multiemployer pension plan obligations (e.g., withdrawal liability) or other claims; restructuring, severance and other costs associated with, among other things, winding down certain operations and exiting markets; estimates and assumptions in determining our financial results, remaining performance obligations and backlog, including the timing and significance of impairments of long-lived assets, equity or other investments, receivables, goodwill or other intangible assets; significant fluctuations in foreign currency rates; the recognition of tax impacts related to changes in tax laws or uncertain tax positions; and the timing and magnitude of costs we incur to support our operations or growth internally or through acquisitions. A variety of issues could affect the timing or profitability of our projects, which may result in additional costs to us, reductions or delays in revenues, the payment of liquidated damages or project termination. Our business is dependent in part upon projects that can be cyclical in nature and are subject to risks of delay or cancellation. The timing of or failure to obtain contracts, delays in awards of, start dates for or completion of projects and the cancellations of projects can result in significant periodic fluctuations in our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Many of our projects involve complex design, engineering, financing, permitting, right of way acquisition, procurement and construction phases that occur over extended time periods, sometimes several years, and we have encountered and may in the future encounter project delays, additional costs or project performance issues as a result of, among other things: inability to meet project schedule requirements or achieve guaranteed performance or quality standards for a project, which can result in increased costs, through rework, replacement or otherwise, or the payment of liquidated damages to the customer or contract termination; 17 failure to accurately estimate project costs or accurately establish the scope of our services; failure to make judgments in accordance with applicable professional standards (e.g., engineering standards); unforeseen circumstances or project modifications not included in our cost estimates or covered by our contract for which we cannot obtain adequate compensation, including concealed or unknown environmental, geological or geographical site conditions or technical problems such as design or engineering issues; changes in laws or permitting and regulatory requirements during the course of our work; delays in the delivery or management of design or engineering information, equipment or materials; our or a customer s failure to manage a project, including the inability to timely obtain land, permits or rights of way or meet other permitting, regulatory or environmental requirements or conditions; changes to project or customer schedules; natural disasters or emergencies, including wildfires and earthquakes, as well as significant weather events (e.g., hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes, floods, droughts, blizzards and extreme temperatures) and adverse or unseasonable weather conditions (e.g., prolonged rainfall or snowfall, early thaw in Canada and the northern United States); difficult terrain and site conditions where delivery of materials and availability of labor are impacted or where there is exposure to harsh and hazardous conditions; protests and other public activism, legal challenges or other political activity or opposition to our operations or projects or those of our joint ventures; other factors such as terrorism, geopolitical conflicts, public health crises (e.g. pandemics) and delays attributable to U.S. government shutdowns or any related under-staffing of government departments or agencies; changes in the cost, availability, lead times or quality of equipment, commodities, materials, consumables or labor; and delay or failure to perform by suppliers, subcontractors or other third parties, or our failure to coordinate performance of such parties, as approximately 20% of our work is subcontracted to other service providers. Many of these difficulties and delays are beyond our control and can negatively impact our ability to complete the project in accordance with the required delivery schedule or achieve our anticipated operating income margin on the project. Delays and additional costs associated with delays may be substantial and not recoverable from third parties, and in some cases, we may be required to compensate the customer for such delays, including in circumstances where we have guaranteed project completion or performance by a scheduled date and incur liquidated damages if we do not meet such schedule. We also generate a significant portion of our revenues under fixed price contracts, including contracts for large projects and/or projects where we provide EPC services (e.g., large electric transmission and substation projects, power generation projects, data center facility projects). We have strategically expanded these service offerings in recent years, including with respect to power generation projects, and the size and scope of these projects continues to increase. The contracts for these projects often involve complex pricing, scope of services and other bid preparation components that require challenging estimates and assumptions on the part of our personnel, which increases the risk that costs incurred on such projects can vary, sometimes substantially, from our original estimates. Performance difficulties can result in project delays, project cancellations and damage to our relationship with customers, as well as damage to our reputation, which can be exacerbated when the difficulties arise on a high-profile project. As a result, additional costs or penalties, a reduction in our productivity or efficiency or a project termination in any given period can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and can also adversely affect our ability to secure new contracts. Our business is subject to operational hazards, including, among others, wildfires and explosions, that can result in significant liabilities, and we may not be insured against all potential liabilities. Due to the nature of our services and certain of our product solutions, as well as the conditions in which we and our customers operate, our business is subject to operational hazards and accidents that can result in significant liabilities. These operational hazards include, among other things, electricity, fires, explosions, leaks, collisions, mechanical failures, and damage from severe weather conditions and natural disasters. Furthermore, certain operational hazards have become more widespread in recent years due to changes in climate and other factors, and certain of our customers operate energy- and communications-related infrastructure assets in locations and environments that increase the likelihood and/or severity of these operational hazards. 18 In particular, locations throughout our primary operating regions, including but not limited to, the United States, Canada and Australia, have recently experienced and are increasingly impacted by wildfires, including locations that have not historically experienced wildfire events but that are becoming more susceptible to wildfire events due to changes in climate. Our customers operate electrical power, natural gas, communications and other infrastructure assets in these areas, which in turn has exposed us and other contractors to increased risk of liability in connection with our operations, as these wildfire events can be started by electrical power and other infrastructure on which we have performed services, including inspection, consulting, construction, upgrade, repair and maintenance and other services. For example, certain of our customers have been determined to be or are potentially responsible for certain catastrophic wildfire events in the western United States due to failure of their infrastructure, and certain of these wildfire events remain under investigation. From time to time, Quanta operating companies have received tenders of defense, demands for preservation of documents and indemnity and subpoenas during the course of investigations and reviews of wildfire events, which can often extend over a prolonged period of time, and additional claims or legal proceedings involving Quanta and its operating companies related to wildfire events may be brought in the future. We also often perform services in locations that are densely populated and that have higher value property and assets, such as California and metropolitan areas, which can increase the impact of any of these hazards or other accidents. For example, one of our larger operating companies specializes in underground gas and electric distribution and transmission services and operates in metropolitan areas throughout the northeastern United States, including New York City, New York . Additionally, we operate a significant number of helicopters in the performance of our services, including the transportation of line workers, the setting of poles, the stringing of wires and wildfire control and prevention, among other activities, including in locations that have a higher risk of wildfires and in densely populated areas. Our operation of helicopters is subject to various risks, such as crashes, collisions, fires, adverse weather conditions or mechanical failures. We also perform site-work services and railroad construction services, as well as services on natural gas systems, pipelines, refineries, petrochemical plants and other infrastructure assets, and failure of or accidents with respect to work we perform on any of these types of assets could result in significant claims or liabilities. We also manufacture certain products, including power transformers and mobile energy storage systems, and a failure of one of our products could also lead to similar operational hazards (e.g., explosions or mechanical failures). Events arising from operational hazards and accidents have resulted in significant liabilities to us in the past and may expose us to significant claims and liabilities in the future. These claims and liabilities can arise through indemnification obligations to customers, our negligence, negligence by our subcontractors or otherwise, and such claims and liabilities can arise even if our operations are not the cause of the harm. Our exposure to liability can also extend for years after we complete our services, and potential claims and liabilities arising from significant accidents and events can take years and significant legal costs to resolve. Potential liabilities include, among other things, claims associated with personal injury, including severe injury or loss of life, and destruction of or significant damage to property and equipment (with respect to both our customers and other third parties), as well as harm to the environment, and other claims discussed above and can lead to suspension of operations, adverse effects to our safety record and reputation and/or material liabilities and legal costs. In addition, if any of these events or losses related thereto are alleged or found to be the result of our or our customer s activities or services, we could be subject to government enforcement actions, civil or criminal penalties, civil litigation and governmental actions, including investigations, citations, fines and suspension of operations. Insurance coverage may not be available to us or may be insufficient to cover the cost of any of these liabilities and legal costs, and our insurance costs may increase if we incur liabilities associated with operational hazards. If we are not fully insured or indemnified against such liabilities and legal costs or a counterparty fails to meet its indemnification obligations to us, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, to the extent our reputation or safety record is adversely affected, demand for our services could decline or we may not be able to bid for certain work. Insurance and claims expenses, as well as the unavailability or cancellation of third-party insurance coverage, could have a material adverse effect on us. As part of our overall risk management strategy, we self-insure, or insure through our wholly-owned captive insurance company, a significant portion of our claims exposure, including all amounts up to the applicable deductible of our third-party insurance programs and certain additional amounts related to the general and auto liability programs. We are also responsible for our legal expenses relating to such claims, which can be significant both on an aggregate and individual claim basis. As a supplement to our self-insurance program, we maintain insurance with excess insurance carriers for potential losses, which exceed the amounts we self-insure or insure through our wholly-owned captive insurance company, arising out of our business and operations, and such insurance is subject to high deductibles. We renew our third-party insurance policies on an annual basis, and therefore deductibles and levels of coverage offered may change in future periods, and there is no assurance that any of our coverages will be renewed at their current levels or at all or that any future coverage will be available at reasonable and competitive rates. In connection with such renewals, we evaluate the level of insurance coverage and adjust insurance levels 19 based on risk tolerance, risk volatility, and premium expense. Our insurance coverages may not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances or against all claims and liabilities asserted against us, and if we are not fully insured against such claims and liabilities, our business, financial condition. results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. For example, due to the increased occurrence and future risk of wildfires, as described above, insurers have reduced coverage availability and increased the cost of insurance coverage for such events in recent years. As a result, Quanta s current level of insurance coverage for wildfire events may not be sufficient to cover potential losses in connection with these events. For more information see Risk Management and Insurance in Item 1. Business in Part I of this Annual Report Further, there has been a wave of blockbuster, or so-called nuclear verdicts resulting from liabilities arising out of vehicle and other accidents in recent years. Given this current claims environment, the amount of coverage available from excess insurance carriers is decreasing, and the premiums for this excess coverage are increasing significantly. For the foregoing reasons, our insurance and claims expenses may increase, or we could increase our self-insured retention as policies are renewed or replaced. In addition, we may assume additional risk within our captive insurance company that we may or may not reinsure. Although we reserve for anticipated losses and expenses and periodically evaluate and adjust our claims reserves to reflect our experience, estimating the number and severity of claims, as well as related costs to settle or resolve them, is inherently difficult and subject to a high degree of variability, and such costs could exceed our estimates. Accordingly, our actual losses associated with insured claims may differ materially from our estimates and materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations in material amounts. Our business and operating results are subject to physical risks associated with changes in climate. Changes in climate have caused, and are expected to continue to cause, among other things, changes to meteorological and hydrological patterns, as well as impacts to the frequency and intensity of wildfires, hurricanes, floods, droughts, extreme heat, other storms and severe weather-related events and natural disasters. These changes have and may in the future impact our future operating results and may have a long-term impact on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows. While we seek to mitigate these risks, we recognize that certain risks are inherent given how and where we conduct our operations. For example, catastrophic natural disasters can negatively impact projects we are working on, our facilities and other physical locations, portions of our equipment, or the locations and service regions of our customers. Accordingly, a natural disaster has the potential to disrupt our and our customers businesses and may cause us to experience work stoppages, project delays, financial losses and additional costs to resume operations, including increased insurance costs or loss of coverage, legal liability and reputational losses, and we expect that increasing physical climate-related impacts may result in further changes to the cost or availability of insurance in the future. Physical risks associated with changes in climate have also increased hazards associated with certain of our operations, which in turn has increased the potential for liability and increased the costs associated with such operations. For example, as discussed above, severe drought and high wind speeds have significantly increased the risk of wildfires throughout the areas where we operate, which in turn has exposed us and other contractors to increased risk of liability in connection with our operations in those locations, as these events can be started by electrical power and other infrastructure on which we have performed services. Given the potentially significant liabilities associated with these events, to the extent we are deemed liable for a wildfire event, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, these climate conditions have also resulted in increased costs for wildfire-related third-party insurance and reduced the amount insurance carriers are willing to make available to us under such policies. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or we may incur significant costs in the event we are unable to efficiently manage our workforce or the cost of labor increases. Our ability to efficiently manage our business and achieve our strategic initiatives is limited by our ability to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled personnel, which is subject to a number of risks. The demand for labor resources has continued to increase in response to the increasing duration and complexity of customer capital budgets, the commencement of new, large-scale infrastructure projects, increased demand for infrastructure improvements and reliability and increased pressure to reduce costs. The pool of skilled workers in certain of our industries has also been reduced, and may be further reduced, due primarily to an aging utility workforce and longer-term labor availability issues, including with respect to experienced program managers and qualified journeyman linemen available for our Electric segment and experienced supervisors and foremen for our Underground and Infrastructure segment. The cyclical nature of certain of the industries in which we operate can also create shortages of qualified labor during periods of high demand and production, and the amount of travel required for project management-level positions can impact the number of potential candidates that decide to enter our industries. A shortage in the supply of personnel creates competitive hiring markets that may result in increased labor expenses, and we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant education and training expenses in order to recruit and train employees. The uncertainty of contract award timing and project delays can also present difficulties in managing our workforce size. Additionally, we may not be able to attract and retain the necessary skilled personnel for our expanding product and 20 service offerings. Our inability to efficiently manage our workforce may require us to incur costs resulting from excess staff, reductions in staff, or redundancies that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, the inflationary pressure in the United States and our other markets has increased our labor costs. Under certain of our contracts, labor costs are passed through to customers, and the portion of our workforce that is represented by labor unions typically operates under multi-year collective bargaining agreements that provide some visibility into future labor costs. However, the costs related to a significant amount of our workforce are subject to market conditions, and therefore inflationary pressure could increase our labor costs with respect to those employees. Increased labor costs can also impact our customers decision-making with respect to viability or timing of certain projects, which could result in project delays or cancellations and in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The loss of, or reduction in business from, certain significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. A few customers have in the past and may in the future account for a significant portion of our revenues. For example, our ten largest customers accounted for 30% of our consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. Although we have long-standing relationships with many of our significant customers, a significant cus