=== CPRT_2025-09-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A under the caption entitled Risk Factors in this Form 10-K and those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Form 10-K to Copart, the Company, we, us, or our refer to Copart, Inc. We encourage investors to review these factors carefully together with the other matters referred to herein, as well as in the other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We may from time to time make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of us. Although we believe that, based on information currently available to us and our management, the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Item 1. Business Corporate Information We were incorporated in California in 1982, became a public company in 1994, and were reincorporated in Delaware in January 2012. Our principal executive offices are located at 14185 Dallas Parkway, Suite 300, Dallas, Texas 75254 and our telephone number is (972) 391-5000. Our website is www.copart.com . The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. We provide free of charge, through a link on our website, access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practical after the reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Copart , BID4U , CI Design , DRIVE Auto Auctions , 1-800 CAR BUYER , CA$HFORCARS.COM , COPART DESIGN , VB3 DESIGN , VB3 , National Powersports Auctions , NPA , Purple Wave Auction , and CrashedToys.com are trademarks of Copart, Inc. or one of its direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. This Form 10-K also includes other trademarks of Copart and of other companies. Overview We are a leading global provider of online auctions and vehicle remarketing services with operations in the United States ( U.S. ), the United Kingdom ( U.K. ), Germany, Brazil, Canada, the United Arab Emirates ( U.A.E. ), Spain, Finland, Oman, the Republic of Ireland, and Bahrain. Our goals are to generate sustainable profits for our stockholders, while also providing environmental and social benefits for the world around us. With respect to our environmental stewardship, we believe our business is a critical enabler for the global re-use and recycling of vehicles, parts, and raw materials. We are not responsible for the carbon emissions resulting from new vehicle manufacturing, governmental fuel emissions standards or vehicle use by consumers. Each vehicle that enters our business operations already exists, with whatever fuel technology and efficiency it was designed and built to have, and the substantial carbon emissions associated with the vehicle s manufacture have already occurred. However, upon our receipt of an existing vehicle, we help facilitate the decrease of its total environmental impact by extending its useful life and thereby avoiding the carbon emissions associated with the alternative of new vehicle and auto parts manufacturing. For example, many of the cars we process and remarket are subsequently restored to drivable condition, reducing the new vehicle manufacturing burden the world would otherwise face. Many of our cars are purchased by dismantlers, who recycle and refurbish parts for vehicle repairs, again reducing new and aftermarket parts manufacturing. Finally, some of our vehicles are returned to their raw 1 Table of Contents material inputs through scrapping, thereby reducing the need for further new resource extraction. In each of these cases, our business facilitates the reduction of the carbon and other environmental footprint of the global transportation industry. Beyond our environmental stewardship, we also support the world s communities in two important ways. First, we believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world. For example, many of the automobiles sold through our auction platform are purchased for use in developing countries where affordable transportation is a critical enabler of education, health care, and well-being. Secondly, we believe we play an important role in the communities we serve through our response to and management of catastrophic weather events. This includes our investments in equipment and infrastructure which support our overall disaster recovery efforts. For example, we mobilized our people, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in South Florida in the wake of Hurricanes Helene and Milton in the fall of 2024. We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our Virtual Bidding Third Generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as VB3. Vehicle sellers consist primarily of insurance companies, but also include dealers, individuals, charities, rental car companies, banks, finance companies, and fleet operators. We obtained 81%, 81%, and 83% of the total number of vehicles processed during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, from insurance company sellers. We sell the vehicles principally to licensed vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders, repair licensees, used vehicle dealers, exporters, and to the general public. The majority of the vehicles sold on behalf of insurance companies are either damaged vehicles deemed a total loss; not economically repairable by the insurance companies; or are recovered stolen vehicles for which an insurance settlement with the vehicle owner has already been made. We offer vehicle sellers a full range of services that help expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, minimize administrative and processing costs, and maximize the ultimate sales price through the online auction process. In the U.S., Canada, Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, and Bahrain, we sell vehicles primarily as an agent and derive revenue primarily from auction and auction-related sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services as well as fees for services subsequent to the auction, such as delivery and storage. In the U.K., Germany, and Spain we operate both as an agent and on a principal basis, in some cases purchasing salvage vehicles outright and reselling the vehicles for our own account. In the U.K., we recognize revenue on a principal basis from selling dismantled parts through Green Parts Specialist ( GPS ). In Germany we also derive revenue from listing vehicles on behalf of insurance companies and insurance experts to determine the vehicle s residual value and/or to facilitate a sale for the insured. Through our VB3 auction platform, our sales process is open to registered buyers (whom we refer to as members ) anywhere in the world with access to the internet. This technology and model employ a two-step bidding process. The first step is an open preliminary bidding feature that allows members to enter bids over the internet during the preview period. To improve the effectiveness of bidding, the VB3 system lets members see the current high bids on the vehicles they want to purchase. The preliminary bidding step is an open bid format similar to eBay . Members enter the maximum price they are willing to pay for a vehicle and VB3 s BID4U feature incrementally bids on the vehicle on their behalf during all phases of the auction. Preliminary bidding ends at a specified time prior to the start of a second bidding step, an internet-only virtual auction. This second step allows bidders the opportunity to bid against each other and the high preliminary bidder. The bidders enter bids via the internet in real time while BID4U submits bids for the high preliminary bidder up to their maximum bid. When bidding stops, a countdown is initiated. If no bids are received during the countdown, the vehicle sells to the highest bidder. We believe our virtual auction platform increases the pool of available buyers for each sale, which brings added competition and an increase in the amount that buyers are willing to pay for vehicles. We also believe that it improves the efficiency of our operations by eliminating the expense and capital requirements which would be associated with holding live auctions. For fiscal 2025, sales of U.S. vehicles, on a unit basis, to members registered outside the state where the vehicle was located accounted for 69.8% of total vehicles sold; of which 31.0% of vehicles were sold to out of state members within the U.S. and 38.8% were sold to International members, based on the IP address utilized during the auction process. We believe that we offer the highest level of service in the auction and vehicle remarketing industry and have established our leading market position by: providing a virtual platform that facilitates seller access to buyers around the world, reducing towing and third-party storage expenses, offering a local presence for vehicle inspection stations, and providing prompt response to catastrophes and natural disasters by specially trained teams; 2 Table of Contents providing a comprehensive range of services that includes merchandising, efficient title processing, timely pick-up and delivery of vehicles, and internet sales; establishing and efficiently integrating new facilities and acquisitions; increasing the number of bidders that can participate at each sale through the ease and convenience of internet bidding; and applying technology to enhance operating efficiency through internet bidding, web-based order processing, salvage value quotes, electronic communication with members and sellers, and vehicle imaging. Historically, we believe our business has grown as a result of (i) acquisitions, (ii) increases in overall volume in the salvage car market, (iii) growth in market share, (iv) increases in the amount of revenue generated per sales transaction resulting from increases in the gross selling price and the addition of value-added services for both members and sellers, and (v) growth in non-insurance company sellers. For fiscal 2025, our revenues were $4.6 billion, and our operating income was $1.7 billion. In fiscal 2023, we opened one new operational facility in Brazil, one new operational facility in Germany, one new operational facility in Canada, and eight new operational facilities in the U.S. In fiscal 2024, we opened three new operational facilities in the U.K., one new operational facility in Spain, one new operational facility in Canada, and four new operational facility in the U.S. In fiscal 2025, we opened one new operational facility in the U.K., two new operational facilities in Spain, and three new operational facilities in the U.S. Our service revenues consist of auction and auction-related sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services. These auction and auction-related services may include a combination of the following: vehicle purchasing fees: vehicle listing fees; vehicle selling fees that can be based on a predetermined percentage of the vehicle sales price, tiered vehicle sales price fees, or at a fixed fee based on the sale of each vehicle regardless of the selling price of the vehicle; transportation fees for the cost of transporting the vehicle to or from our facility; title processing and preparation fees; vehicle storage fees; bidding fees; and vehicle loading fees. These fees are recognized as net revenue (not gross vehicle selling price) at the time of auction in the amount of such fees charged. Purchased vehicle revenue includes the gross sales price of the vehicles which we have purchased or are otherwise considered to own. We have certain contracts with insurance companies, primarily in the U.K., in which we act as a principal, purchasing vehicles and reselling them for our own account. We also purchase vehicles in the open market, primarily from individuals, and resell them for our own account. Operating costs consist primarily of: (i) labor (operating personnel at facilities); (ii) transportation (miles traveled and fuel rates); (iii) facilities (maintenance, property-related taxes, rent, and insurance); (iv) other (marketing and auction-related costs); and (v) costs of vehicles sold. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of executive management, accounting, data processing, sales personnel, professional services, marketing expenses, and technology enhancements and maintenance. Industry Overview The auction and vehicle remarketing services industry provides a venue for sellers to dispose of or liquidate vehicles to a broad domestic and international buyer pool. Sellers generally auction or sell their vehicles on a consignment basis either for a fixed fee or a percentage of the sales price. Occasionally, companies in our industry purchase vehicles from the largest segment of sellers, insurance companies, and resell the vehicles for their own account. The vehicles are usually purchased at a price based on the vehicles estimated pre-accident value ( PAV ) and the extent of damage. Vehicle remarketers typically operate from multiple facilities where vehicles are processed, viewed, stored and released to the buyer. While companies in this industry remarket vehicles through a physical auction or a hybrid internet and physical auction, we sell virtually all our vehicles on our virtual marketplace platform VB3, thus eliminating the requirement for buyers to travel to an auction location to participate in the sales process. Although there are other sellers of vehicles, such as dealers, individuals, charities, rental car companies, banks, finance companies, and fleet operators, our primary sellers of vehicles are insurance companies. The primary buyers of vehicles at our auctions are vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders, repair licensees, used vehicle dealers, exporters, and the general public. Vehicle dismantlers, which we believe are the largest group of vehicle buyers, based on volume of vehicles purchased, either dismantle a salvage vehicle and sell parts individually or sell the entire vehicle to rebuilders, used vehicle dealers, or the general public. Vehicle rebuilders and vehicle repair licensees generally purchase 3 Table of Contents salvage vehicles to repair and resell. Used vehicle dealers generally purchase recovered stolen or slightly damaged vehicles for resale. Most of our vehicles are sold on behalf of insurance companies and are usually vehicles involved in an accident or a natural disaster. Typically, the damaged vehicle is towed to a storage facility or a vehicle repair facility for temporary storage pending insurance company examination. The vehicle is inspected by the insurance company s adjuster, who estimates the costs of repairing the vehicle and gathers information regarding the damaged vehicle s mileage, options, and condition in order to estimate its PAV. The adjuster determines whether to pay for repairs or to classify the vehicle as a total loss based upon the adjuster s estimate of repair costs, vehicle s salvage value, and the PAV, as well as customer service considerations. If the cost of repair is greater than the PAV less the estimated salvage value, the insurance company generally will classify the vehicle as a total loss. The insurance company will thereafter assign the vehicle to a vehicle auction and remarketing services company, settle with the insured and receive title to the vehicle. Automobile manufacturers continuously incorporate new standard features, including: unibody construction utilizing exotic metals; passenger safety cages with surrounding crumple zones to absorb impacts; plastic and ceramic components; airbags; adaptive headlights; computer and navigation systems; advanced cameras, including backup camera systems; collision warning systems; dynamic cruise control; lane departure warning systems; automatic braking; blind spot detection systems; and electrification of drivetrains. We believe that one effect of these additional features is that newer vehicles involved in accidents are more costly to repair and, accordingly, more likely to be deemed a total loss for insurance purposes. We believe the primary factors that insurance companies consider when selecting an auction and vehicle remarketing services company include: the anticipated percentage return on salvage (i.e., gross salvage proceeds, minus vehicle handling and selling expenses, divided by the PAV); the services provided by the company and the degree to which such services reduce their administrative costs and expenses; the price the company charges for its services; the ability to respond to natural disasters; geographic coverage; the ability to provide analytical data to the seller; and in the U.K., in certain situations, the actual amount paid for the vehicle. In the U.K., some insurance companies tender periodic contracts for the purchase of salvaged vehicles. Under these circumstances, insurance companies will generally award the contract to the company that is willing to pay the highest price for the vehicles. Generally, upon receipt of the pickup order or the assignment, we arrange for the transportation of a vehicle to our nearest facility. As a service to the vehicle seller, we will customarily pay advance charges (reimbursable charges paid on behalf of vehicle sellers) to obtain the vehicle s release from a towing company, vehicle repair facility, or impound facility. Advance charges paid on behalf of the vehicle seller are either recovered upon sale of the vehicle, invoiced separately to the seller, or deducted from the net proceeds due to the seller. The salvage vehicle is stored at one of our facilities until ownership documents are transferred from the insured vehicle owner and the title to the vehicle is cleared through the appropriate state s motor vehicle regulatory agency ( DMV ). In the U.S., total loss vehicles may be sold in most states only after obtaining a salvage title from the DMV. Upon receipt of the appropriate documentation from the DMV, which is generally received within 45 to 60 days of vehicle pick-up, the vehicle is sold either on behalf of the insurance company or for our own account, depending on the terms of the contract. In the U.K., upon release of interest by the vehicle owner, the insurance company notifies us that the vehicle is available for sale. Generally, sellers of non-salvage vehicles will arrange to deliver the vehicle to one of our locations, although we may offer transportation services to obtain the vehicle. At that time, the vehicle information will be uploaded to our system and made available for buyers to review online. The vehicle is then sold at auction on VB3 typically within seven days. Proceeds are then collected from the member, typically seller fees are subtracted, and the remainder is remitted to the seller. 4 Table of Contents Operating and Growth Strategy Our growth strategy is to increase revenues and profitability by, among other things, (i) acquiring and developing additional vehicle storage facilities in key markets, including foreign markets; (ii) pursuing global, national, and regional vehicle seller agreements; (iii) increasing our service offerings; and (iv) expanding the application of VB3 into new markets. In addition, we implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. As part of our overall expansion strategy, our objective is to increase our revenues, operating profits, and market share in the vehicle remarketing industry. To implement our growth strategy, we intend to continue to do the following: Acquire and Develop New Vehicle Storage Facilities in Key Markets Including Foreign Markets Our strategy is to offer integrated services to vehicle sellers on a global, national, or regional basis by acquiring or developing facilities in new and existing markets. We integrate our new acquisitions into our global network and capitalize on certain operating efficiencies resulting from, among other things, the reduction of duplicative overhead and the implementation of our operating procedures. Pursue Global, National, and Regional Vehicle Supply Agreements Our broad global presence enhances our ability to enter into global, national, or regional supply agreements with vehicle sellers. We actively seek to establish supply agreements with insurance companies by promoting our ability to achieve high net returns and broader access to buyers through our national coverage and electronic commerce capabilities. By utilizing our existing insurance company seller relationships, we are able to build new seller relationships and pursue additional supply agreements in existing and new markets. Expand Our Service Offerings to Sellers and Members Over the past several years, we have expanded our available service offerings to vehicle sellers and members. The primary focus of these new service offerings is to maximize returns to our sellers and maximize product value to our members. This includes, for our sellers, real-time access to sales data over the internet, the ability to respond on a national scale, and for our members, the implementation of VB3 real-time bidding at substantially all of our facilities, thereby permitting members at any location worldwide to participate in the sales at our facilities. We plan to continue to refine and expand our services, including offering software that can assist our sellers in expediting claims and salvage management tools that help sellers integrate their systems with ours. Our Competitive Advantages We believe that the following attributes and the services that we offer position us to take advantage of many opportunities in the online vehicle auction and services industry: Geographic Coverage and Ability to Respond on a Global Scale Since our inception in 1982, we have expanded from a single facility in Vallejo, California to an integrated network of facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain. In Germany, we also derive revenue from listing vehicles on behalf of insurance companies and insurance experts to determine the vehicle s residual value and/or to facilitate a sale for the insured. We offer integrated services to our vehicle sellers, which allow us to respond to the needs of our sellers and members with maximum efficiency. Our coverage provides our sellers with key advantages, including: attractiveness and efficiency to buyers, leading to enhanced selling prices for vehicles; a reduction in administrative time and effort; a reduction in overall vehicle transportation costs; convenient local facilities; 5 Table of Contents improved access to buyers throughout the world; a prompt response in the event of a natural disaster or other catastrophe; and consistency in products and services. Value-Added Services We believe that we offer the most comprehensive range of services in our industry, including: internet bidding, internet proxy bidding, and virtual sales powered by VB3, which enhance the competitive bidding process; mobile applications, which allow members to search, bid, create watch lists, join auctions, and bid in numerous languages from anywhere; a tailored experience by way of predictive analytics through collaborative filtering, such as the Recommendations Engine feature that suggests similar makes and models based on a member s behavior; Buy It Now, which provides an option to our members to purchase specific pre-qualified vehicles immediately at a set price before the live auction process; Make An Offer, which provides an option to our members to submit an offer amount on certain selected vehicles and if the offer is accepted, purchase the vehicle before the live auction process; online payment capabilities via our ePay product, credit cards, and third-party financing programs; email and text notifications available in numerous languages to potential buyers of vehicles that match desired characteristics; sophisticated vehicle processing at storage sites, including digital imaging of each vehicle and the scanning of each vehicle s title and other significant documents such as body shop invoices, all of which are available from us over the internet; expedited process to assess total loss through our Total Loss Express 360 and Co.ai tools; title procurement and loan payoff services offered through Title Express; specialty sales, which allow buyers the opportunity to focus on such select types of vehicles as motorcycles, heavy equipment, boats, recreational vehicles, and rental cars; interactive online counter-bidding, which allows sellers who have placed a minimum bid or a bid to be approved on a vehicle to directly counter-bid the current high bidder; and Night Cap sales, which provides an additional opportunity for bidding on vehicles that have not previously achieved their minimum bid. Proven Ability to Acquire and Integrate Acquisitions We have a proven track record of successfully acquiring and integrating facilities and companies. Since becoming a public company in 1994, we have completed acquisitions of facilities in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the U.A.E., Germany, Finland, and Spain. As part of our acquisition and integration strategy, we seek to: expand our global presence; strengthen our networks and access new markets; utilize our existing corporate and technology infrastructure over a larger base of operations; and introduce our comprehensive services and operational expertise. 6 Table of Contents We strive to integrate all new facilities and companies, when appropriate, into our existing network without disruption of service to vehicle sellers. We typically retain existing employees at acquired facilities in order to retain knowledge about, and respond to, the local market. Technology to Enhance and Expand Our Business We have developed management information and proprietary software systems that allow us to deliver a fully integrated service offering. Our proprietary software programs provide vehicle sellers with online access to data and reports regarding their vehicles being processed at any of our facilities. This technology allows vehicle sellers to monitor each stage of our vehicle sales process, from pick up to sale and settlement by the buyer. Our full range of internet services allows us to expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process and helps to minimize the administrative and processing costs for us, as well as our sellers. We believe that our integrated technology systems generate improved capacity and financial returns for our clients, resulting in high client retention, and allow us to expand our national supply contracts. Our Business Segments Our U.S. and International regions are considered two separate operating segments and are disclosed as two reportable segments. The segments represent geographic areas and reflect how the chief operating decision maker allocates resources and measures results, including total revenues, operating income and income before income taxes. For the year ended July 31, 2025, we generated 83.0% of our revenue in our U.S. segment and 17.0% in our international segment. Geographic information as well as comparative segment revenues and related financial information pertaining to the U.S. and International segments for the years ended July 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 are presented in the tables in Note 14 Segments and Other Geographic Reporting , to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Our Service Offerings We offer vehicle sellers a full range of vehicle services, which expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, helping to maximize proceeds and minimize costs. Not all service offerings are available in all markets. Additionally, in some cases a service offering may be applicable only to a particular subsidiary or operating segment. Our service offerings include the following: Online Seller Access Copart Access, our proprietary internet-based service for vehicle sellers, provides a comprehensive suite of tools designed to maximize efficiency and transparency throughout the sales process. This platform empowers sellers to seamlessly manage their inventory by assigning vehicles for sale, monitoring sales calendars, and accessing detailed vehicle information, including high-resolution images and historical data. Furthermore, Copart Access streamlines critical administrative functions such as viewing and reprinting body shop invoices and towing receipts, proactively managing the title procurement process, and optimizing total loss determination and management and the handling of unrelated/undisclosed damage. The platform also provides sellers with valuable insights into the historical performance of vehicles sold through our auctions, enabling data-driven decision-making and improved returns. Salvage Estimation Services We offer Co.ai, a proprietary suite of total loss determination and valuation tools that leverage machine learning and computer vision to assist sellers in the vehicle claims evaluation process by providing online salvage value estimates, which helps sellers determine whether to repair a vehicle or deem it a total loss. IntelliSeller We offer IntelliSeller, an automated tool leveraging our vast and detailed vehicle and sales data to assist our sellers in making vital auction decisions. Using machine learning, IntelliSeller optimizes the utilization of our vehicle and sales data to determine when to establish minimum bid values and suggest when to re-auction a unit to ensure optimal returns while minimizing cycle time. Estimating Services 7 Table of Contents We offer vehicle sellers in the U.K. estimating services for vehicles taken to our facilities. Estimating services provide our insurance company sellers repair estimates, which allow the insurance company to determine if the vehicle is a total loss vehicle. If the vehicle is determined to be a total loss, it is generally assigned to us to sell. End-of-Life Vehicle Processing In the U.K., we are an authorized treatment facility for the disposal of end-of-life vehicles. Transportation Services In the U.S. segment, we perform transportation services through a combination of third-party vehicle transport companies and our fleet. We maintain contracts with third-party vehicle transport companies, which enable us to pick up most of our sellers vehicles within 24 hours. Our national network and transportation capabilities provide cost and time savings to our vehicle sellers and offer timely vehicle pick up and prompt response to catastrophes and natural disasters in the U.S. In the International segment, we perform transportation services through a combination of our fleet and third-party vehicle transport companies. Our international network and transportation capabilities provide cost and time savings to our vehicle sellers throughout the U.K., Europe, Canada, Brazil and Middle East market. Vehicle Inspection Stations We offer some of our major insurance company sellers office and facility space to house vehicle inspection stations on-site at our facilities. We have over 100 vehicle inspection stations at our facilities. An on-site vehicle inspection station provides our insurance company sellers with a central location to inspect potential total loss vehicles, which reduces storage charges that otherwise may be incurred at the initial storage or repair facility. On-Demand Reporting We provide vehicle sellers with real time data for vehicles that we process for the seller. This includes vehicle sellers gross and net returns on each vehicle, service charges, and other data that enable our vehicle sellers to more easily administer and monitor the vehicle disposition process. In addition, we have developed a database containing over 300 fields of real-time and historical information accessible by our sellers allowing for their generation of custom ad hoc reports and customer specific analysis. Title Processing We have extensive expertise in DMV document and title processing. We have developed a computer system which provides a direct link to the DMV computer systems of multiple states, allowing us to expedite the processing of vehicle title paperwork. Title Express We also facilitate the title transfer from the original owner or financial institutions on behalf of some of our sellers to streamline the documentation and vehicle auction process. Loan Payoff We can obtain up-to-date loan payoff information electronically from hundreds of automotive lenders, including the remaining balance due and per diem on a vehicle loan, to expedite the loan payoff and title transfer process. Flexible Vehicle Processing Programs At the election of the seller, we sell vehicles pursuant to our Percentage Incentive Program ( PIP ), Consignment Program, or Purchase Program. Under each program we may provide merchandising services such as covering or taping openings to protect vehicle interiors from weather, washing vehicle exteriors, vacuuming vehicle interiors, cleaning and polishing dashboards and tires, making keys for drivable vehicles, and identifying drivable vehicles. We believe our merchandising efforts increase the sales prices of the vehicles, thereby increasing the return on vehicles to both vehicle sellers and us. Percentage Incentive Program. Under PIP, we agree to sell all of the vehicles of a seller in a specified market, usually for a predetermined percentage of the vehicle sales price. Because our revenues under PIP are directly linked to the vehicle s sale 8 Table of Contents price, we have an incentive to actively merchandise those vehicles to maximize the net return. We provide the vehicle seller, at our expense, with transportation of the vehicle to our nearest facility. Consignment Program. Under our Consignment Program, we sell vehicles for a fixed consignment fee. Although sometimes included in the consignment fee, we may also charge additional fees for the cost of transporting the vehicle to our nearest facility, storage of the vehicle, and other incidental costs. Purchase Program. Under the Purchase Program, we purchase vehicles from a vehicle seller at a formula price, based on a percentage of the vehicles estimated PAV, and sell the vehicles for our own account. Currently, the purchase program is offered primarily in the U.K. Buy It Now, Make An Offer We offer an option to our members to purchase specific pre-qualified vehicles immediately at a set price before the live auction process. This enables us to provide a fast, easy, transparent and comprehensive buying option on these pre-qualified vehicles. Additionally, members have the option of submitting an offer amount on certain selected vehicles. If an offer is accepted, the member can purchase the vehicle before the live auction process. Sales Process We offer a flexible and unique sales process designed to maximize the sale prices of the vehicles utilizing VB3. VB3 opens our sales process to members and the general public to view auctions via our website and our mobile application anywhere in the world where internet access is available. The VB3 technology and model employs a two-step bidding process. The first step is an open preliminary bidding feature that allows a member to enter bids over the internet during the preview days. To improve the effectiveness of bidding, the VB3 system lets a member see the current high bid on the vehicle they want to purchase. The preliminary bidding step is an open bid format similar to eBay . Members enter the maximum price they are willing to pay for a vehicle and VB3 s BID4U feature will incrementally bid the vehicle on their behalf during all steps of the auction. Preliminary bidding ends at a specified time prior to the start of a second bidding step, an internet-only virtual auction. This second step allows bidders the opportunity to bid against each other and the highest preliminary bidder. The bidders enter bids via the internet in real time, and then BID4U submits bids for the highest preliminary bidder, up to their maximum bid. When bidding stops, a countdown is initiated. If no bids are received during the countdown or any extensions, the vehicle sells to the highest bidder. BluCar We provide financial institutions, fleet and rental car companies with an efficient method to sell their vehicles. We have a dedicated team of employees that support the processing of BluCar vehicles which includes market specific services such as asset recovery, comprehensive condition reports and arbitration. Copart Dealer Services We provide franchise and independent dealers with a convenient method to sell their trade-ins through any of our facilities. We have a dedicated team of employees in the U.S. that target these dealers and work with them throughout the sales process. Cash For Cars We provide the general public with a fast and convenient method to sell their vehicles. Anyone can go to CashForCars.com; CashForCars.ca; CashForCars.de, CashForCars.co.uk, or Cash-for-cars.ie and arrange to obtain a valid offer to purchase their vehicle. Upon acceptance of our offer to purchase their vehicle, we provide them payment for their vehicle and then sell the vehicle on our own behalf. National Powersport Auctions In the U.S., we provide wholesale powersport vehicle remarketing services through live and online auction platforms to dealers, financial institutions and Original Equipment Manufacturers through our subsidiary National Powersport Auctions ( NPA ). Powersports include for example motorcycles, recreational vehicles, boats and RVs. NPA also offers comprehensive data services including the NPA Value Guide TM , which we believe is the industry s most accurate wholesale valuation tool. NPA corporate offices are located in San Diego, California; and they operate from locations throughout the United States. 9 Table of Contents Purple Wave Inc. In the U.S., through our majority ownership of Purple Wave Inc. ( Purple Wave ) we provide wholesale construction, agriculture, and fleet remarketing services through no-reserve online auctions at www.purplewave.com, selling such items directly from the sellers location. Purple Wave Inc. offers a range of services including appraisals, listings, marketing, and post auction shipping. The Purple Wave corporate office is located in Manhattan, Kansas. Copart Recycling In the U.K., we have two facilities for U-Pull It from which the public can purchase parts from salvaged and end-of-life vehicles. In general, the buyer is responsible for detaching the parts from the vehicle and any associated hauling or transportation of the parts after detachment. After the valuable parts have been removed by the buyer, the remaining parts and car body are sold for their scrap value. We also operate GPS which dismantles vehicles and sells used parts. Copart 360 We pioneered posting vehicle images online for buyers in 2001, and we have been improving the technology to provide top quality photos since then. In July 2020, we enhanced online images and videos by launching Copart 360 ( C360 ), our proprietary technology that captures clear 360-degree views of interiors and exteriors of cars, trucks, and vans across U.S. Copart locations. This capability was expanded to the U.K. in fiscal 2021. Interested buyers can view everything from the backseat to the dashboard to the tires by clicking the 360 icon under vehicle images on select lot details pages on Copart.com. Buyers can also zoom in and out or expand to full screen on computers or mobile devices. Membership Tiers We now offer three tiers of membership Guest, Basic, and Premier, except for Copart U.K. where we offer only Guest, and Basic. Guest Member Benefits Guest members can sign up for free to add their favorite vehicles to their Watchlist, set up Vehicle Alerts to get notified when we add specific vehicles they re looking for and view our inventory from their desktop computer or mobile device via our mobile application. Basic Member Benefits Basic member benefits include: view multiple online auctions in real-time (live); bid on one vehicle at a time without a deposit, or up to five with a deposit; save favorite searches; and get access to member appreciation events. Premier Member Benefits Premier member benefits include all basic member benefits, as well as, the following: bid on multiple vehicles at the same time; get priority placement in phone and chat support; access the Virtual Queue which provides expedited service at our locations; and get a complimentary safety vest (one per membership year) and water bottle at our locations. 10 Table of Contents Sales We process vehicles from hundreds of different vehicle sellers. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal 2025, 2024, or 2023 and our business does not depend on any particular customer to remain profitable. We obtained 81%, 81%, and 83% of the total number of vehicles processed during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, from insurance company sellers. We typically contract with the national, regional or branch office of an insurance company, fleet, financial institutions, and rental car companies and other vehicle sellers. The agreements are customized to each vehicle seller s needs and often provide for the disposition of different types of vehicles by differing methods. Our arrangements generally provide that we will sell vehicles generated by the vehicle seller in a designated geographic area. We market our services to vehicle sellers through an in-house sales force that utilizes a variety of sales techniques, including personal sales calls, internet search engines, employee referrals, tow shop referrals, and participation in trade shows and vehicle and insurance industry conventions, targeted mailing of our sales literature, and telemarketing. We market our services to franchise and independent dealerships, as well as the general public. We may, when appropriate, provide vehicle sellers with detailed analysis of the net return on vehicles and a proposal setting forth ways in which we believe that we can improve net returns on vehicles and reduce administrative costs and expenses. During our last three fiscal years, most of our revenue was generated within the U.S. and a majority of our long-lived assets are located within the U.S. Please see Note 14 Segments and Other Geographic Reporting in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the geographic location of our sales and our long-lived assets. Members We maintain a database of approximately 1 million registered members ( buyers ) in the vehicle dismantling and recycling, rebuilding, used vehicle dealer and export industries, as well as members that are a part of the general public, where applicable. We believe that we have established a broad international and domestic buyer base by providing members with a variety of programs and services. To become a registered member, a person or business must complete a basic application either online or through our mobile application. Before any member may purchase a vehicle, they must provide copies of current government issued photo identification. Additionally, business members must provide current business information, including copies of licenses, which may include vehicle dismantler, dealer, resale, repair or export licenses, and as needed, completed sales tax exemption certificates. Registration entitles a member to transact business at any of our auctions, subject to local licensing and permitting requirements. We may sell to the general public either directly or members may purchase a vehicle offered at Copart through a registered broker who meets local licensing and permitting requirements. Strict admission procedures are intended to prevent frivolous bids that will not result in a completed sale. We market to members online and via email notifications, sales notices, telemarketing, direct mail, in-location marketing, search engines, social media, radio, television, trade publications, and participation in trade show events. Competition We face significant competition from other remarketers of both salvage and non-salvage vehicles. Against these other vehicle remarketers, we face competition for long-term contractual commitments and various supply agreements with sellers, in addition to competition for the acquisition of vehicle storage facilities. We believe our principal competitors include vehicle auction and sales companies and vehicle dismantlers. These national, regional, and local competitors may have established relationships with vehicle sellers and buyers and may have financial resources that are greater than ours. The largest national or regional vehicle auctioneers in the U.S. include RB Global (including its subsidiary Insurance Auto Auctions, Inc.), Carvana, Openlane, Manheim, Inc. and ACV Auctions Inc. The largest national dismantler in the U.S. is LKQ Corporation ( LKQ ). LKQ, in addition to trade groups of dismantlers such as the American Recycling Association, United Recyclers Group LLC and other regional and local dismantlers, may purchase salvage vehicles directly from insurance companies, thereby bypassing vehicle remarketing companies like Copart entirely. In our International markets, our principal competitors are vehicle auction and sales companies, vehicle dismantlers, and privately-held independent remarketers. Management Information Systems Our primary management information system runs on a platform called G2, an integrated mesh of proprietary, distributed systems that is based on services architecture and open standards. A portion of the functionality still resides in the legacy system called CAS. 11 Table of Contents Employees from various facilities, support centers and offices around the world access the G2 platform to perform various activities like take pictures, receive vehicles, inventory vehicles, process titles, accept payments, etc. Members access the G2 Platform to search for, view, bid and pay for the vehicles. Sellers integrate their systems with Copart s G2 Platform via B2B Application Programming Interface APIs . They also access G2 to assign vehicles, monitor the progression of a vehicle through the lot processing lifecycle, approve charges or bids and make and receive payments. We have invested in multiple co-located data centers around the world and multiple cloud platforms to create a hybrid infrastructure that provides redundancy and is designed to run continuously, even in the event of an emergency. All our facilities, offices and employees connect to our servers through the internet using publicly available multiple networks, designed to provide redundancy. Employees and Human Capital Our ability to build long-term value depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop, and motivate talented personnel at all levels within our global enterprise. Our employees are our greatest asset. Our goal is to create a strong culture built upon our foundational core values: act with integrity; be an owner; challenge the norm; get results; and celebrate our people. We have a diverse, multi-cultural workforce and we celebrate our diversity by promoting inclusion across our global organization. As of July 31, 2025, we had approximately 11,600 full and part-time employees, of which approximately 64% were located in the U.S. and 36% were located within our International segment. Of the approximately 7,400 full and part-time employees based in the U.S, approximately 54% of them identify as male, 45% as female, and 1% are undisclosed. We also believe our U.S. workforce is ethnically diverse. As of July 31, 2025, our U.S. workforce consisted of approximately 48% individuals identifying as White, 3% as Hispanic or Latino, 14% as Black or African American, 6% as Asian, 3% as two or more races and 26% as other or as not disclosed. Additionally, of the approximately 1,700 employees serving in the U.S. in management roles and above, up to and including executive s, 61% identify as male and 39% identify as female. Of the approximately 4,200 employees based within the International segment, approximately 65% of them identify as male and 35% as female. We also believe our International workforce is ethnically diverse. As of July 31, 2025, our International workforce consisted of approximately 45% individuals identifying as White, 40% as Asian, 5% as Black or African, 3% as Hispanic or Latino, 0% as two or more races, 7% as other or as not disclosed. Additionally, of the approximately 500 employees serving Internationally in management roles and above, up to and including executives, 70% identify as male and 30% identify as female. Our executive leadership team today reflects our commitment to inclusion. Among our three named executive officers (NEOs), our chief executive officer is ethnically diverse, and our chief financial officer is a woman. Within our broader executive management team, comprised of 11 executives with chief designations, two c-level executives are women and 5 are ethnically diverse. At Copart, our human resources function known as People and Culture, plays a vital role in creating a supportive and productive work environment for all employees. Our People and Culture department is dedicated to fostering a culture of growth, collaboration, and employee well-being with a people first mindset. We understand that our people are our most valuable asset, and our People and Culture team is committed to providing comprehensive support across various aspects of the employee employment. We identify and attract top talent that aligns with our values and objectives. We carefully manage the recruitment process, from drafting job descriptions and posting vacancies to conducting interviews and making hiring decisions. We leverage online search tools, recruiting firms, employee referral programs and university recruiting. We offer a combination of competitive salaries, equity incentives and bonus plans. Our Employee Development and Training Department plays a crucial role in driving organizational growth by equipping our employees with the skills and knowledge they need to succeed. This department designs and delivers comprehensive training from compliance to leadership development. By aligning training initiatives with corporate goals, the team ensures that employees are not only well-prepared to meet current job demands but are also future-ready. Through a blend of in-person sessions and virtual learning opportunities, the Training Department supports and promotes a culture of excellence, innovation, and career progression across the organization. 12 Table of Contents Our executive compensation structure aligns incentives with our company s strategic growth objectives, including long-term share price appreciation. In that regard, our executive compensation programs place greater weighting on equity compensation than other forms of compensation offered to all employees. For more details regarding our executive compensation, refer to information incorporated by reference from the information set forth under the captions Executive Compensation and Compensation Discussion and Analysis in our proxy statement. Once a new team member joins us, our People and Culture department works to provide for a seamless onboarding process, helping them integrate into our culture and hit the ground running. The People and Culture team oversees performance management processes that help employees understand their goals and expectations. We facilitate regular performance discussions, feedback sessions, and goal setting to ensure alignment with our corporate objectives, driving a clear path to advancement. We prioritize the well-being and satisfaction of our employees. We organize various engagement initiatives, including team-building events, wellness programs, and recognition efforts to celebrate achievements and milestones. We are dedicated to maintaining a positive and inclusive work environment where every employee feels valued and supported. We provide comprehensive, generous benefits and compensation packages, ensuring that they remain competitive within the industry. We address inquiries about benefits, such as healthcare, retirement plans, and other rewards, to guarantee that our employees have access to the resources they need for a fulfilling work-life balance. Copart pays a sizable portion of the benefit premiums related to healthcare. Copart s benefit plans are designed around health, financial security, life and education. These include a variety of medical plans, dental and vision coverage, and wellness programs in addition to external support networks. Environmental Matters Our operations are subject to international, federal, provincial, state and local laws and regulations regarding the protection of the environment in the countries in which we have storage facilities. In some cases, we may acquire land with existing environmental issues, including landfills as an example. In the salvage vehicle remarketing industry, large numbers of wrecked vehicles are stored at storage facilities, requiring us to actively monitor and manage potential environmental impacts. In the U.K., we provide vehicle de-pollution and crushing services for end-of-life vehicles. We could incur substantial expenditures for preventative, investigative, or remedial action and could be exposed to liability arising from our operations, contamination by previous users of certain of our acquired facilities or facilities which we may acquire in the future, or the disposal of our waste at off-site locations. In addition to conducting environmental diligence on new site acquisitions, we also take such appropriate actions as may be necessary to avoid liability for activities of prior owners, and we have from time to time acquired insurance with respect to acquired facilities with known environmental risks. There can be no assurances, however, that these efforts to mitigate environmental risk will prove sufficient if we were to face material liabilities. We have incurred expenses for environmental remediation in the past, and environmental laws and regulations could become more stringent over time. There can be no assurance that we or our operations will not be subject to significant costs in the future or that environmental enforcement agencies at the state and federal level will not pursue enforcement actions against us. In addition to acquiring insurance in connection with certain acquisitions, we have also obtained indemnification for pre-existing environmental liabilities from many of the persons and entities from whom we have acquired facilities, but there can be no assurance that such indemnifications will be available or sufficient. In addition, increased focus by the U.S. and other governmental authorities on climate change and other environmental matters may lead to enhanced regulation in these areas, which could also result in increased compliance costs and subject us to additional potential liabilities. The extent of these costs and risks is difficult to predict and will depend in large part on the extent of new regulations and the ways in which those regulations are enforced. Any such expenditures or liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. Governmental Regulations Our operations are subject to regulation, supervision and licensing under various international, federal, provincial, state, and local statutes, ordinances and regulations that may impact our capital expenditures, earnings, and competitive position. The acquisition and sale of vehicles is regulated by various state, provincial and foreign motor vehicle departments, and the steps required to process vehicle titles is a significant cost of our business. Our know-how in the area of title processing is a competitive advantage. In addition to the regulation of sales and acquisitions of vehicles, we are also subject to various local zoning requirements with regard to the location of our storage facilities, which generally make it more challenging and expensive to identify, acquire and develop new facilities. These zoning requirements vary from location to location. At various 13 Table of Contents times, we may be involved in disputes with governmental officials regarding the development and/or operation of our business facilities. We believe that we are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable regulatory requirements. We may be subject to similar types of regulations by international, federal, provincial, state, and local governmental agencies in new markets. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights In 2008, we obtained a patent issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office that covers certain aspects of our virtual bidding auction platform, VB3. Generally, patents issued in the U.S. are effective for 20 years from the earliest asserted filing date of the patent application. The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with the provisions of applicable local law. We also rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright, and trademark laws, as well as contractual agreements to safeguard our proprietary rights in technology and products. In seeking to limit access to sensitive information to the greatest practical extent, we routinely enter into confidentiality and assignment of invention agreements with certain of our employees and consultants and nondisclosure agreements with our key customers and vendors. Seasonality Historically, our consolidated results of operations have been subject to quarterly variations based on a variety of factors, of which the primary influence is the seasonal change in weather patterns. During the winter months, we tend to have higher demand for our services because there are more weather-related accidents. Severe weather events, including but not limited to tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, and hailstorms, can also impact our volumes. Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment decision. Our business could be harmed if any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, materialize. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing the risks described below, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and schedules, and other filings with the SEC. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues. The loss of one or more of these major sellers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position, and an inability to increase our sources of vehicle supply could adversely affect our growth rates. Although no single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal 2025, 2024, or 2023, a limited number of vehicle sellers historically have collectively accounted for a substantial portion of our revenues. Vehicle sellers have terminated agreements with us in the past in particular markets, which has affected revenues in those markets. There can be no assurance that our existing agreements will not be canceled. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into future agreements with vehicle sellers or that we will be able to retain our existing supply of salvage vehicles. A reduction in vehicles from a significant vehicle seller or any material changes in the terms of an arrangement with a significant vehicle seller could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. In addition, a failure to increase our sources of vehicle supply could adversely affect our earnings and revenue growth rates. Our expansion into markets outside the U.S., including expansions in the U.K., Canada, Europe, Brazil, and the Middle East expose us to risks arising from operating in international markets. Any failure to successfully integrate businesses acquired or operational capabilities established outside the U.S. could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We first expanded our operations outside the U.S. in fiscal 2003 with an acquisition in Canada. Subsequently, in fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2008 we made significant acquisitions in the U.K., followed by acquisitions in the U.A.E., Brazil, Germany, and Spain in fiscal 2013, expansions into Bahrain and Oman in fiscal 2015, expansion into the Republic of Ireland and India in fiscal 2016, an acquisition in Finland in fiscal 2018, and an acquisition of a parts recycler in the U.K. in fiscal 2022. We continue to evaluate acquisitions and other opportunities outside of the U.S. Acquisitions or other strategies to expand our operations outside of the U.S. pose substantial risks and uncertainties that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. In particular, we may not be successful in realizing anticipated synergies from these acquisitions, or we may experience unanticipated costs or expenses integrating the acquired operations into our existing business. We have and may continue to 14 Table of Contents incur substantial expenses establishing new facilities and operations, acquiring buyers and sellers, and implementing shared services capabilities in international markets. Among other things, we plan to ultimately deploy our proprietary auction technologies at all of our foreign operations, and we cannot predict whether this deployment will be successful or will result in increases in the revenues or operating efficiencies of any acquired companies relative to their historic operating performance. Integration of our respective operations, including information technology and financial and administrative functions, may not proceed as anticipated and could result in unanticipated costs or expenses such as capital expenditures that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. We cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our business and financial objectives in connection with these acquisitions or our strategic decision to expand our operations internationally. As we continue to expand our business internationally, we will need to develop policies and procedures to manage our business on a global scale. Operationally, acquired businesses typically depend on key seller relationships, and our failure to maintain those relationships would have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. Moreover, success in opening and operating facilities in new markets can be dependent upon establishing new relationships with buyers and sellers, and our failure to establish those relationships could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and future operating results. In addition, we anticipate our international operations will continue to subject us to a variety of risks associated with operating on an international basis, including: the difficulty of managing and staffing foreign offices; the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; the need to localize our mix of product and service offerings in response to customer requirements, particularly the need to implement our online auction platform in foreign countries; the need to comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations, including changes in laws that may have an adverse effect on our ability to operate our preferred business model in foreign jurisdictions; tariffs, trade barriers, trade disputes, and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to operate in certain foreign markets; exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk, which may have an adverse impact on our revenues and revenue growth rates; adapting to different business cultures, languages, and market structures, particularly where we seek to implement our auction model in markets where insurers have historically not played a substantial role in the disposition of salvage vehicles; repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions to the U.S., which may result in higher effective tax rates; military conflicts, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and recent events in the Middle East; public health issues, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and other pandemics; environmental issues; natural and man-made disasters; and political issues. 15 Table of Contents As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our operating results. Our business is exposed to risks associated with online commerce security and credit card fraud. Consumer concerns over the security of transactions conducted on the internet or the privacy of users may inhibit the growth of the internet and online commerce. To securely transmit confidential information such as customer credit card numbers, we rely on encryption and authentication technology. Unanticipated events or developments could result in a compromise or breach of the systems we use to protect customer transaction data. Furthermore, our servers may also be vulnerable to viruses transmitted via the internet and other points of access. While we proactively check for intrusions into our infrastructure, a new or undetected virus could cause a service disruption. We maintain an information security program and our processing systems incorporate multiple levels of protection in order to address or otherwise mitigate these risks. Despite these mitigation efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer losses in the future. Under current credit card practices, we may be held liable for fraudulent credit card transactions and other payment disputes with customers. As such, we have implemented certain anti-fraud measures, including credit card verification procedures. However, a failure to adequately prevent fraudulent credit card transactions could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations. Our security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, insufficiency, or defective design. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or our users or customers data. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services that could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. Implementation of our online auction model in new markets may not result in the same synergies and benefits that we achieved when we implemented the model in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. We believe that the implementation of our proprietary auction technologies across our operations had a favorable impact on our results of operations by increasing the size and geographic scope of our buyer base, increasing the average selling price for vehicles sold through our sales, and lowering expenses associated with vehicle sales. For example, we implemented our online system across all of our U.S., Canada, and the U.K. salvage facilities between fiscal 2004 and fiscal 2008 and experienced increases in revenues and average selling prices, as well as improved operating efficiencies in those markets. In considering new markets, we consider the potential synergies from the implementation of our model based in large part on our experience in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. However, we cannot predict whether these synergies will also be realized in new markets. Failure to maintain sufficient capacity to accept additional vehicles at one or more of our storage facilities could adversely affect our relationships with insurance companies or other sellers of vehicles. Capacity at our storage facilities varies from period to period and from region to region. For example, following adverse weather conditions in a particular area, our facilities in that area may fill and limit our ability to accept additional salvage vehicles while we process existing inventories. For example, Hurricanes Helene and Milton had, in certain quarters, an adverse effect on our operating results, in part because of facility capacity constraints in the impacted areas of the U.S. We regularly evaluate our capacity in all our markets and where appropriate, seek to increase capacity through the acquisition of additional land and facilities. We may not be able to reach agreements to purchase independent storage facilities in markets where we have limited excess capacity, zoning restrictions or difficulties obtaining and maintaining use permits, which may limit our ability to sustain and expand our capacity through acquisitions of new land. Failure to have sufficient capacity at one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our relationships with insurance companies or other sellers of vehicles, which could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 16 Table of Contents Because the growth of our business has been due in large part to acquisitions and development of new facilities, the rate of growth of our business and revenues may decline if we are not able to successfully complete acquisitions and develop new facilities. We seek to increase our sales and profitability through the acquisition of complementary businesses, additional facilities and the development of new facilities. Historically, the acquisition and development of new facilities has both enabled and resulted from market share gains in our core salvage vehicle remarketing business. In fiscal 2023, we opened one new operational facility in Brazil, one new operational facility in Germany, one new operational facility in Canada, and eight new operational facilities in the U.S. In fiscal 2024, we opened three new operational facilities in the U.K., one new operational facility in Spain, one new operational facility in Canada, and four new operational facility in the U.S. In fiscal 2025, we opened one new operational facility in the U.K., two new operational facilities in Spain, and three new operational facilities in the U.S. As for strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses, we acquired National Powersport Auctions in fiscal 2017, we acquired Hills Motors in fiscal 2022, a used, or green parts recycler in the U.K. that has four operating facilities and in fiscal 2024, we acquired Purple Wave, Inc. an online offsite heavy equipment auction company. Acquisitions are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including competition among prospective buyers, the availability of affordable financing in the capital markets, if necessary, and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms. There can be no assurance that we will be able to: continue to acquire additional facilities on favorable terms; expand existing facilities in no-growth regulatory environments; obtain or retain buyers, sellers, and sales volumes in new markets or facilities; increase revenues and profitability at acquired and new facilities; maintain the historical revenue and earnings growth rates we have been able to obtain through facility openings and strategic acquisitions related to market share expansion in our core salvage vehicle remarketing business; create new vehicle storage facilities that meet our current revenue and profitability requirements; obtain necessary regulatory approvals under applicable antitrust and competition laws; or identify and complete strategic acquisitions in complementary market segments. Acquisitions typically will increase our sales and profitability, although given the typical size of our acquisitions to date, most acquisitions will not individually have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. We may not always be able to introduce our processes and selling platform to acquired companies due to different operating models in international jurisdictions or other facts. As a result, the associated benefits of acquisitions may be delayed for years. During this period, the acquisitions may operate at a loss and certain acquisitions, while profitable, may operate at a margin percentage that is below our overall operating margin percentage and, accordingly, have an adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Hence, the conversion periods vary from weeks to years and cannot be predicted. In addition, certain of the acquisition agreements under which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of the company before we acquired it. In most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. We cannot assure that these indemnification provisions will protect us fully or at all, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our financial statements. Any failure to continue to successfully identify and complete acquisitions and develop new facilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. As we continue to expand our operations, our failure to manage growth could harm our business and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Our ability to manage growth depends not only on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities, but also on our ability to: hire, train and manage additional qualified personnel; establish new relationships or expand existing relationships with vehicle sellers; identify and acquire or lease suitable premises on competitive terms; manage overhead expenses and maintain operating efficiencies; identify productive uses for available capital reserves; and maintain the supply of vehicles from vehicle sellers. 17 Table of Contents Our inability to control or manage these growth factors effectively could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. If we experience problems with our subhaulers and trucking fleet operations, our business could be harmed. We rely primarily upon independent subhaulers to pick up and deliver vehicles to and from our storage facilities in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain. We also utilize, to a lesser extent, independent subhaulers in the U.K. Our failure to pick up and deliver vehicles in a timely and accurate manner could harm our reputation and brand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, an increase in fuel cost may lead to increased prices charged by our independent subhaulers, which may significantly increase our cost. We may not be able to pass these costs on to our sellers or buyers. In addition to using independent subhaulers, in the U.S., the U.K., and Germany, we utilize a fleet of company trucks to pick up and deliver vehicles to and from our storage facilities in those geographies. In connection therewith, we are subject to the risks associated with providing trucking services, including but not limited to inclement weather, disruptions in transportation infrastructure, accidents and related injury claims, availability and price of fuel, any of which could result in an increase in our operating expenses and reduction in our net income. New member programs could impact our operating results. We have initiated and intend to continue to initiate programs to open our auctions to the general public. These programs include the Registered Broker program through which the public can purchase vehicles through a registered member, and Copart Lounge programs through which registered members can open Copart storefronts in foreign markets with internet kiosks enabling the general public to search our inventory and purchase vehicles. Initiating programs that allow access to our online auctions to the general public will involve material expenditures and we cannot predict what future benefit, if any, will be derived. These programs could also create additional risks, including heightened regulation and litigation risk related to vehicle sales to the general public, and heightened branding, reputational, and intellectual property risk associated with allowing Copart registered members to establish Copart-branded storefronts in foreign jurisdictions. Factors such as mild weather conditions can have an adverse effect on our revenues and operating results, as well as our revenue and earnings growth rates, by reducing the available supply of salvage vehicles. Conversely, extreme weather conditions can result in an oversupply of salvage vehicles that requires us to incur abnormal expenses to respond to market demands. Mild weather conditions tend to result in a decrease in the available supply of salvage vehicles because traffic accidents decrease and fewer automobiles are damaged. Accordingly, mild weather can have an adverse effect on our salvage vehicle supply, which would be expected to have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating results and related growth rates. Conversely, our salvage vehicle supply will tend to increase in poor weather such as a harsh winter or as a result of adverse weather-related conditions such as flooding. During periods of mild weather conditions, our ability to increase our revenues and improve our operating results and related growth will be increasingly dependent on our ability to obtain additional vehicle sellers and to compete more effectively in the market, each of which is subject to the other risks and uncertainties described in these sections. In addition, extreme weather conditions, although they increase the available supply of salvage cars, can have an adverse effect on our operating results. For example, during fiscal 2025, we recognized substantial additional costs associated with Hurricanes Helene and Milton. Weather events have had, in certain quarters, an adverse effect on our operating results, in part because of facility capacity constraints in the impacted areas of the U.S. If we lose key management or are unable to attract and retain the talent required for our business, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our objectives. Our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team, all of whom are employed on an at-will basis and none of whom are subject to any agreements not to compete. If we lose the service of one or more of our senior executives or key employees, or if one or more of the senior executives or key employees decide to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. More generally, our future success also depends on our ability to attract and retain a talented workforce. The labor market is highly competitive, and our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain talented personnel in our organization at appropriate staffing levels. In addition, because our core technology platform is internally developed, we face heightened risks relating to workforce recruitment and retention of key personnel with subject matter expertise relating to our technology platform. 18 Table of Contents The vehicle sales industry is highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully. We face significant competition for the supply of salvage and other vehicles and for the buyers of those vehicles. We believe our principal competitors include other auction and vehicle remarketing service companies with whom we compete directly in obtaining vehicles from insurance companies and other sellers, and large vehicle dismantlers, who may buy salvage vehicles directly from insurance companies, bypassing the salvage sales process. Many of the insurance companies have established relationships with competitive remarketing companies and large dismantlers. Certain of our competitors may currently or in the future have greater financial resources than we do. Due to the limited number of vehicle sellers, particularly in the U.K., and other foreign markets, the absence of long-term contractual commitments between us and our sellers and the increasingly competitive market environment, there can be no assurance that our competitors will not gain market share at our expense. We may also encounter significant competition for local, regional, and national supply agreements with vehicle sellers. There can be no assurance that the existence of other local, regional, or national contracts entered into by our competitors will not have a material adverse effect on our business or our expansion plans. Furthermore, we are likely to face competition from major competitors in the acquisition of vehicle storage facilities, which could significantly increase the cost of such acquisitions and thereby materially impede our expansion objectives or have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. These potential new competitors may include consolidators of automobile dismantling businesses, organized salvage vehicle buying groups, automobile manufacturers, automobile auctioneers and software companies. While most vehicle sellers have abandoned or reduced efforts to sell salvage vehicles directly without the use of service providers such as us, there can be no assurance that this trend will continue, which could adversely affect our market share, consolidated results of operations and financial position. Additionally, existing or new competitors may be significantly larger and have greater financial and marketing resources than us; therefore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance and Legal Matters Our business activities and public policy interests expose us to political, regulatory, economic, and reputational risks. Our business activities, facilities expansions, and civic and public policy interests may be unpopular in certain communities, exposing us to reputational and political risk. For example, public opposition in some communities to different aspects of our business operations has impacted our ability to obtain required business use permits. Additionally, our interests in legislative and regulatory processes at different levels of government in the geographies in which we operate have been opposed by competitors and other interest groups. Although we believe we generally enjoy positive community relationships and political support in our range of operations, shifting public opinion sentiments and sociopolitical dynamics could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. Our operations and acquisitions in the U.S. and certain foreign areas expose us to political, regulatory, economic, and reputational risks. Although we have implemented policies, procedures, and training designed to ensure compliance with anti-bribery laws, trade controls and economic sanctions, and similar regulations, our employees or agents may take actions in violation of our policies. We may incur costs or other penalties in the event that any such violations occur, which could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. In some cases, the enforcement practices of governmental regulators in certain foreign areas and the procedural and substantive rights and remedies available to us may vary significantly from those in the U.S., which could have an adverse effect on our business. Although we face risks associated with international expansion in each of the non-U.S. markets where we operate, recent regulatory proposals in Brazil heighten the risks we face relating to our Brazil operations. In addition, some of our recent acquisitions have required us to integrate non-U.S. companies which had not previously been subject to U.S. law. In many countries outside of the U.S., particularly in those with developing economies, it may be common for persons to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, Brazil Clean Companies Act, India s Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 or similar local anti-bribery laws. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees or agents from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Failure by us and our subsidiaries to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results and financial position. We face risks associated with transacting on a principal rather than agent basis, which may have an adverse impact on our gross margin percentages and expose us to inventory risks. 19 Table of Contents Certain of the vehicles that we remarket in the U.S. and foreign markets may be transacted either wholly or partially on the principal model, in which the vehicle is purchased and then resold for our own account, rather than the agency model, in which we generally act as a sales agent for the legal owner of vehicles. Further, operating on a principal basis exposes us to inventory risks, including losses from theft, damage, and obsolescence. In addition, our business in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. has been established and grown based largely on our ability to build relationships with insurance carriers. In other markets, including Germany, insurers have traditionally been less involved in the disposition of vehicles. As we expand into markets outside the U.S., Canada, and the U.K., including Germany in particular, we cannot predict whether markets will readily adapt to our strategy of online auctions of automobiles sourced principally through vehicle insurers. Any failure of new markets to adopt our business model could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Our business is subject to a variety of domestic and international laws and other obligations regarding privacy and data protection. We are subject to federal, state and international laws, directives, and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, security, and transfer of personal data. These laws, directives, and regulations, and their interpretation and enforcement continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ), which went into effect in the European Union on May 25, 2018, applies to all of our activities conducted from an establishment in the European Union and may also apply to related products and services that we offer to European Union users. Similarly, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or AB375 as amended ( CCPA ), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law ( LGPD ), and similar recently enacted laws create new data privacy rights for individuals. Complying with the GDPR, the CCPA, the LGPD, and similar emerging and changing privacy and data protection requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. Noncompliance with our legal obligations relating to privacy and data protection could result in penalties, legal proceedings by governmental entities or others, and significant legal and financial exposure and could affect our ability to retain and attract customers. Any of the risks described above could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Regulation of the vehicle sales industry may impair our operations, increase our costs of doing business, and create potential liability. Participants in the vehicle sales industry are subject to, and may be required to expend funds to ensure compliance with a variety of laws, regulations, and ordinances. These include, without limitation, land use ordinances, business and occupational licensure requirements and procedures, vehicle titling, sales, and registration rules and procedures, and laws and regulations relating to the environment, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, exporting, and reporting and notification requirements to agencies and law enforcement relating to vehicle transfers. Many of these laws and regulations are frequently complex and subject to interpretation, and failure to comply with present or future regulations or changes in interpretations of existing laws or regulations may result in government investigation or proceedings, which could lead to impairment or suspension of our operations and the imposition of penalties and other liabilities. At various times, we may be involved in disputes with local governmental officials regarding the development and/or operation of our business facilities. We may be subject to similar types of regulations by governmental agencies in new markets. In addition, new legal or regulatory requirements or changes in existing requirements may delay or increase the cost of opening new facilities, may limit our base of vehicle buyers, may decrease demand for our vehicles, and may adversely impact our ability to conduct business. As described under Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies, the U.S. Department of Justice, Consumer Protection Branch is conducting an ongoing investigation into potential violations by the Company of certain money laundering laws related to its practices and procedures for preventing and detecting money-laundering activity by its auction platform members. The Company is cooperating with the DOJ s investigation. The Company may receive additional regulatory or governmental inquiries related to the matters that are the subject of the DOJ s investigation. Any such inquiries or investigations may be time-consuming, costly, divert management resources, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. These or other governmental investigations, inquiries, or lawsuits could lead to our incurring liability for damages or other costs, a criminal or civil proceeding, the imposition of fines and penalties, and/or other remedies, and reputational harm to our business, which can impact our ability to attract and retain customers and qualified personnel, as well as restrictions on or added costs for our business operations going forward. 20 Table of Contents Changes in laws or the interpretation of laws, including foreign laws and regulations, affecting the import and export of vehicles may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our internet-based auction-style model has allowed us to offer our products and services to international markets and has increased our international buyer base. As a result, foreign importers of vehicles now represent a significant part of our total buyer base. Our foreign buyers may be subject to a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including the imposition of import duties by foreign countries. Changes in laws, regulations, and treaties that restrict or impede or negatively affect the economics surrounding the importation of vehicles into foreign countries may reduce the demand for vehicles and impact our ability to maintain or increase our international buyer base. In addition, we and our vehicle buyers must work with foreign customs agencies and other non-U.S. governmental officials, who are responsible for the interpretation, application, and enforcement of these laws, regulations, and treaties. Any inability to obtain requisite approvals or agreements from such authorities could adversely impact the ability of our buyers to import vehicles into foreign countries. In addition, any disputes or disagreements with foreign agencies or officials over import duties, tariffs, or similar matters, including disagreements over the value assigned to imported vehicles, could adversely affect our costs and the ability and costs of our buyers to import vehicles into foreign countries. For example, in March 2008, a decree issued by the president of Mexico became effective that placed restrictions on the types of vehicles that can be imported into Mexico from the U.S. The adoption of similar laws or regulations in other jurisdictions that have the effect of reducing or curtailing our activities abroad, changes in the interpretation, application, and enforcement of laws, regulations, or treaties, any failure to comply with non-U.S. laws or regulatory interpretations, or any legal or regulatory interpretations or governmental actions that significantly increase our costs or the costs of our buyers could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position by reducing the demand for our products and services and our ability to compete in non-U.S. markets. The operation of our storage facilities poses certain environmental risks, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, fin