=== NEM_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, below for further information. Condition of Physical Assets and Insurance Our business is capital intensive and requires ongoing capital investment for the replacement, modernization or expansion of equipment and facilities. Refer to Results of Consolidated Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources within Part II, Item 7, MD A, for further information. We maintain insurance policies against property loss, business interruption, and other risks that are typical in the operation of our business, in amounts that we believe to be reasonable. Such insurance, however, contains exclusions and limitations on coverage, particularly with respect to environmental liability and political risk. There can be no assurance that claims would be paid under such insurance policies in connection with a particular event. Refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, below for further information. 9 Table of Contents Environmental, Social and Governance Overview Focusing on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") practices are an important part of Newmont s business. Widely recognized for our principled ESG practices, we have been consistently ranked as a leader in the mining and metal sector of the S P Global, and we have been listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since 2007. ESG is a key part of how we make investment decisions and central to our culture and purpose to create value and improve lives through sustainable and responsible mining. Sustainability and safety are integrated into the business at all levels of the organization through our global policies, standards, strategies, business plans, and remuneration plans. Our global strategies, notably those related to Sustainability and Health, Safety, and Security, direct all levels of our business in environmental stewardship, strong workforce safety and health practices, social responsibility and good governance. With clear targets, open communication and transparent reporting, we strive for continuous improvement to meet the evolving expectations of investors, governments, communities and other key stakeholders, and to contribute to a sustainable future for all. Stakeholder Engagement We engage regularly with relevant stakeholders, who we consider to be any person or organization potentially impacted by our activities or influential to our success, which allows us to gain a greater understanding of their needs, interests and perspectives while, at the same time, encouraging shared decision making to promote mutually beneficial outcomes. These engagements also inform what information is most useful for stakeholders for the purposes of our non-financial reporting. Newmont also engages with and commits to meeting the expectations of a variety of organizations at a global, regional, national and local level - and where applicable - adhering to these organizations' high standards of governance, social and environmental policies and performance. These memberships and other external commitments reflect our values, support our approach to working collaboratively on best practices across several key matters and allow external stakeholders to hold us accountable. Our participation in industry initiatives, wherein we often take a leadership role, allows us to inform and influence global standards and practices, as well as gain insight into emerging expectations and issues. Reporting We believe that transparency and accountability are key attributes of governance. Since 2003, Newmont has been reporting on how we manage the sustainability issues of relevance to stakeholders around the globe. Our sustainability report provides an annual review of non-financial performance on governance, strategy and management approach, risk management, and performance and targets in key areas that include health, safety and security, workforce, the environment, supply chain, social responsibility, business integrity and compliance, value sharing, and inclusion, diversity, and equity domains. Our sustainability report is compiled in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI") Standards (GRI 1: Foundation 2021; G4 Mining and Metals Sector Disclosure), and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Metals Mining Industry Standard (Version 2023-12). Select data is subject to an external limited assurance review and reflects Newmont s commitment to transparency and reporting obligations as a founding member of the International Council on Mining and Metals ("ICMM") and as an early adopter of the UN Guiding Principles Reporting Framework. Additionally, our sustainability report aligns with the requirements the ICMM's Mining Principles' Performance Expectations and Position Statements, the GISTM and the World Gold Council's Responsible Gold Mining Principles. Newmont s sustainability reporting suite also includes our sustainability-linked bond framework, ESG data tables, conflict-free gold report, modern slavery statement, policy influence disclosures, taxes and royalties contributions report, and other reports and responses, which can be found on our website at www.newmont.com/sustainability. The information in our sustainability report and on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report or otherwise filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Environmental Practices Climate Change . We accept the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change s assessment of climate science, and we acknowledge that human activities contribute to climate change and business has an important role in addressing this global challenge. It is our firm belief that climate change is one of the greatest global challenges of our time. For a discussion of climate-related risks, refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors. Climate Targets and Initiatives to Achieve. We believe that value-creation industries like mining have a responsibility to drive actions to transition us to a low-carbon economy. In an effort to play our part in addressing climate change, in 2020 we announced science-based, GHG emissions reduction targets of 32% for Scope 1 and Scope 2 and 30% for Scope 3 by 2030 ("2030 climate targets"), with an ultimate ambition of being carbon neutral by 2050. Newmont's emission calculation methodology framework dictates that any change of 5% resulting from divestitures or acquisitions requires recalculation of baseline data. The acquisition of Newcrest in November 2023 as well as the divestitures in 2024 through 2025 triggered Newmont to recalculate the target baseline years and trailing years of GHG emissions data. We are continuing to review our targets and roadmap which may result in amendments 10 Table of Contents in the future. Investors are reminded that climate-related targets are subject to aspirational management goals and forward-looking statements, which remain subject to risks and uncertainties. For example, our ability to achieve our Scope 3 emissions targets is subject to the actions of entities not within our control, though we continue to work with our partners on these matters. While we review our performance annually and seek opportunities to advance, meeting this target should not be projected or relied upon. Refer to Forward-Looking Statements, below, and Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report under the heading " Our operations and projects are subject to a range of risks related to transitioning the business to meet regulatory, societal and investor expectations for operating in a low-carbon economy. " Our most significant opportunities to reduce emissions exist in building or deploying cleaner energy solutions at our mine sites, as well as the greening of the electrical grid that supplies energy to our operations. Since announcing our 2030 climate targets, we have taken steps to invest in climate change initiatives in support of our goal. We also see sustainable finance as a way to further demonstrate Newmont's focus on climate change. In December 2021, Newmont became the first in the mining industry to issue a sustainability-linked bond, with the registered public offering of $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.6% Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2032 (the "Notes"), with the coupon linked to Newmont s performance against key ESG goals regarding 2030 climate targets. In connection with the issuance of the Notes, Newmont published a Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework and obtained a second party opinion on the framework from the Institutional Shareholder Services group of companies ESG. The Notes align Newmont s business and financing by creating a direct link between its sustainability performance and funding strategies. In addition to our focus on reducing carbon emissions, we believe that access to clean, safe water is a human right, and reliable water supplies are vital for hygiene, sanitation, livelihoods and the health of the environment. Because water is also critical to our business, we recognize the need to use water efficiently, protect water resources, and collaborate with the stakeholders within the watersheds where we operate to effectively manage this shared resource. We operate in water-stressed areas with limited supply, and increased pressure on water supplies may occur due to increasing populations in and around communities in proximity to our operations. Biodiversity. Our operations span multiple continents in a range of ecosystems that include tropical, desert and arctic climates. We understand the impact our activities can have on the environment and are committed to protect and prevent or otherwise minimize, mitigate and remediate those impacts in the areas where we operate through responsible management during all aspects of the mine lifecycle and collaboration with stakeholders to develop integrated approaches to land use. Our Environmental Impact. We conduct our operations so as to protect public health and the environment and believe our operations are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations in all material respects. Our mining and exploration activities are subject to various laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions governing the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations are continually changing. Our Environmental Reclamation and Remediation Commitments. Each operating mine has a reclamation plan in place that meets, in all material respects, applicable legal and regulatory requirements. We are also involved in several matters concerning environmental obligations associated with former, primarily historical, mining activities. Generally, these matters concern developing and implementing remediation plans at the various sites. The reclamation and remediation stage is a multifaceted process with complex risks. Successfully closing and reclaiming mines is crucial for gaining stakeholder trust and maintaining social acceptance. Notably, Newmont is committed to the implementation of the GISTM and disclosure of implementation status for tailings facilities. Disclosures can be found on our website. Conformance with the GISTM remains ongoing and has and may continue to result in further increases to our sustaining costs and estimated closure costs. Additionally, laws, regulations and permit requirements focused on water management and discharge requirements for operations and water treatment are becoming increasingly stringent. Compliance with water management and discharge quality remains dynamic and has and may continue to result in further increases to our estimated closure costs. For a discussion of the most significant reclamation and remediation activities, refer to Note 6 and Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For discussion of regulatory, tailings storage facilities, water, climate and other environmental risks, refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, for additional information. Social Practices Our People. At Newmont, one of the strategic pillars is people. The success of our business comes from the accomplishments and well-being of our employees and contractors. That is why we strive to build a workplace culture that fosters leaders where everyone belongs, thrives, and is valued. At December 31, 2025, approximately 17,500 people were employed by Newmont and Newmont subsidiaries, and approximately 26,600 people were working as contractors in support of Newmont s operations and attainment of our objectives. Additionally, at December 31, 2025, approximately 27% of our workforce were members of a union or participated in collective bargaining. We are committed to fostering solid relationships with all members of our workforce based on trust, treating workers fairly and providing them with safe and healthy working conditions. For a discussion of related risks, refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors. Our people strategy represents a multi-year journey, and its three pillars and respective aspirations include: (i) leadership grow and attract exceptional leaders for our Company, the industry and beyond; (ii) inclusion, diversity and equity - through bold actions cultivate an inclusive, diverse and engaged workforce; and (iii) people experiences - foster a meaningful work experience that 11 Table of Contents enables our culture and strategy to flourish. The Board of Directors Leadership Development and Compensation Committee holds reviews with management every quarter and on an ad hoc basis as needed to ensure appropriate management of human capital and progress against our stated goals. The people who work on our behalf give us a competitive advantage. Through our global people strategy, we align our talent management efforts with the overall business strategy. The strategy s focus areas include enhancing the employee experience and evolving for future workforce needs; building our bench strength and leadership capabilities; developing effective labor relations that align stakeholders with a shared future; and improving inclusion. Inclusion, Diversity, and Equity. Inclusion is one of our five core values. We support this through a focus on our culture and four key areas of inclusion: (i) start with respect; (ii) listen to and engage employees; (iii) leverage dissonance, consistency, and persistence toward a future state culture; and (iv) focus on the career progress of underrepresented team members. Newmont is an equal employment opportunity employer and Newmont's policy is to not make employment-related decisions based on gender or any other protected basis. In our annual sustainability report, Newmont voluntarily reports workforce and labor information in accordance with GRI Standards, including data on workforce demographics, compensation and equal remuneration, gender diversity, union representation, labor relations, employee turnover, hiring representation, and training and development. Newmont also reports employment data in U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEO-1 reports which can be found on our website. The information in our sustainability report and on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report. ESG Performance-based Compensation. The importance of ESG performance is emphasized with our workforce through our training and development programs and our compensation design. Employees eligible for our short-term incentive plan are held accountable for the Company s health, safety, and sustainability performance through Newmont s performance-based compensation structure. ESG will comprise 30% of the Company s short-term incentive plan payout for 2025, with 20% allocated to health safety metrics and 10% to sustainability performance based social and environment metrics. Additional information regarding the Company s compensation programs and performance will be provided in the 2026 Proxy Statement. Health and Safety. Safeguarding the health and safety of our employees and contractors is fundamental to how we operate. Mining activities pose risks and hazards that must be effectively managed and controlled to minimize their impact. Safety is one of Newmont's core values, and our global Health, Safety, and Security strategy aims to advance our journey toward a workplace free from fatalities, injuries and illnesses. We believe that our operations are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations in all material respects. We continue to sustain robust controls at our operations and offices around the globe. We measure the effectiveness of our approach to managing the wide range of health and safety risks by setting measurable objectives and targets. The quality and effectiveness of our health and safety controls are audited regularly as part of our assurance and governance process. Commitments to Communities. Gaining and maintaining the trust of stakeholders impacted by a business is an ongoing endeavor. At Newmont, we use a collaborative approach to relationships with stakeholders and earning social acceptance. Through understanding and managing our activities' impacts on communities and involving local stakeholders in decision making, we aim to build enduring relationships based on respect and mutually beneficial and sustainable development outcomes. We monitor various metrics and performance objectives to assess the effectiveness of our social acceptance approach, and to better understand both the positive and negative impacts that our activities have on host communities. We seek to include impacted communities and groups in determining mitigation or optimization of these impacts in a manner that is culturally appropriate and with the consent of those impacted. We also recognize our responsibility to respect and promote human rights. Governance Practices Board of Directors Oversight. Newmont believes that strong corporate governance, with management accountability and active oversight from an experienced Board of Directors, is essential for mitigating risk, serving in the best interests of all stakeholders and creating long-term value. The highest level of oversight at Newmont resides with Newmont s Board of Directors (the Board"). The Board of Directors plays a critical role, overseeing the Company s business strategy and the overall goal of delivering long-term value creation for stockholders and other stakeholders. The members of the Board of Directors bring a broad range of backgrounds, experiences and talents, along with ethnic and gender diversity, to our governance process. As of December 31, 2025, the Board of Directors was comprised of 12 directors (11 independent non-executive directors and one executive director) with more than 55% of the independent directors with a form of ethnic or gender diversity to the Board of Directors, with 36% female representation among independent directors. With the retirement of Tom Palmer, and the appointment of Natascha Viljoen to the Board on January 1, 2026, to her new role as President and Chief Executive Officer, overall female representation on the Board increased to 42%. Four core Board committees, Audit, Corporate Governance and Nominating, Leadership Development and Compensation, and Safety and Sustainability, provide oversight and guidance in these key areas. Each committee assists the Board of Directors in carrying out responsibilities such as assessing major risks, ensuring high standards of ethical business conduct, succession planning and talent management, and approving and providing oversight of the sustainability strategy, which includes commitments to the adoption of best practices in promotion of a healthy and safe work environment, and environmentally sound and socially responsible mining and 12 Table of Contents resource development. All members of these four core Committees are independent, as defined in the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange and Newmont s Corporate Governance Guidelines. More information on Newmont s Board, governance practices and risk oversight can be found in our annual Proxy Statement. Code of Conduct. Our global Code of Conduct (the Code ), which was adopted and approved by Newmont s Board, forms the foundation for our integrity expectations, and six overarching policies, along with our standards on Anti-Corruption, Conflicts of Interest, Gifts and Entertainment and U.S. Export Compliance, state the minimum requirements for conducting business honestly, ethically and in the best interests of Newmont. Our Code reflects our belief that as important as what we do is how we do it. It requires all representatives of Newmont to demonstrate our values safety, integrity, sustainability, inclusion and responsibility in every aspect of our professional lives and ultimately, to live up to our purpose, which is to create value and improve lives through sustainable and responsible mining. Governance Materials. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Proxy Statement, policies, and the charters for the Committees of the Board of Directors are available on our website, www.newmont.com, and are available free of charge upon request to Investor Relations at our principal executive office. We also file with the New York Stock Exchange an annual certification that our Chief Executive Officer is unaware of any violation of the NYSE s corporate governance standards. We make available free of charge through our website this annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this report. Risk Factor Summary We are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including risks related to our operations and business, financial risks, risks related to our industry, environmental and climate risks, risks related to the jurisdictions in which we operate, risks related to our workforce, legal risks and risks related to our common stock, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks that we deem material are described in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: A substantial or extended decline in gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc prices would have a material adverse effect on us. We may be unable to replace gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc reserves as they become depleted. Estimates of proven and probable reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources are uncertain and the volume and grade of ore actually recovered may vary from our estimates. Estimates relating to projects and mine plans of existing operations are uncertain and we may incur higher costs and lower economic returns than estimated. Increased operating and capital costs could affect our profitability. Mine closure, reclamation and remediation costs for environmental liabilities may exceed the provisions we have made. Damage to our reputation may result in decreased investor confidence, challenges in maintaining positive community relations and can pose additional obstacles to our ability to develop our projects, which may result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and growth prospects. We are dependent upon information technology and operational technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure or cybersecurity attacks and risks associated with implementation, upgrade, operation and integration. To the extent we hold or acquire interests in any joint ventures or enter into any joint ventures, our interests in these properties is subject to risks normally associated with the conduct of joint ventures. Our operations and business have in the past been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and may be materially and adversely impacted in the future by pandemics, epidemics and other health emergencies. Increased exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations and capital controls may adversely affect Newmont s costs, earnings and the value of some of our assets. Future funding requirements may affect our business, our ability to pursue new business opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, pay cash dividends or engage in share repurchase transactions. Our long-lived assets and goodwill could become impaired, which could have a material non-cash adverse effect on our results of operations. Our ability to recognize the benefits of deferred tax assets is dependent on future cash flows and taxable income. Any downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could increase our future borrowing costs and adversely affect the availability of new financing. Returns for investments in pension plans are uncertain. 13 Table of Contents We may experience increased costs or losses resulting from the hazards and uncertainties associated with mining. Mining operations involve a high degree of risk, including hazards related to the use of explosives and hazardous chemicals and critical equipment failure. We rely on our supply chain operations to procure goods and services to support our operations and projects, and competition with other natural resource companies, and shortage of critical parts, services and equipment may adversely affect our operations and development projects. We may be unable to obtain or retain necessary permits and land or mining tenure which could adversely affect our operations and projects. Mining companies are increasingly required to consider and provide benefits to the communities and countries in which they operate in order to maintain operations. Illegal mining and artisanal mining occurs on or adjacent to certain of our properties exposing such sites to security risks. Civil disturbances and criminal activities can disrupt business and expose the Company to liability. Our operations and projects face substantial regulation of health and safety. Our operations and projects are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations. Our operations and projects are subject to a range of risks related to transitioning the business to meet regulatory, societal and investor expectations for operating in a low-carbon economy. Our operations and projects are subject to a range of transitional and physical risks related to climate change. Our Company and the mining industry are facing continued geotechnical, geothermal and hydrogeological challenges, which could adversely impact our production and profitability. Our operations and projects may be adversely affected by rising energy prices or energy shortages. Our operations and projects are dependent on the availability of sufficient water supplies and subject to water-related risks. Our operations and projects are subject to risks related to our relationships and/or agreements with local communities, including Indigenous Peoples, and laws for the protection of cultural heritage. Our operations and projects are subject to risks of doing business in multiple jurisdictions. New or changing legislation and tax risks in certain operating jurisdictions could negatively affect us. Changes in mining or investment policies or shifts in political and social attitudes in the jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect our operations or profitability. Our operations at Yanacocha and projects in Peru are subject to political and social unrest risks. Our Merian operation in Suriname is subject to political, security and economic risks. Our operations at Ahafo South and Ahafo North in Ghana are subject to political, economic, security and other risks. Our operations in Argentina are susceptible to risk as a result of economic and political instability in Argentina, regulatory risk and labor unrest. Our operations at Lihir and project at Wafi-Golpu in PNG are subject to political and regulatory risks and other uncertainties. Our operations and projects in Canada are subject to legal and regulatory risks and other uncertainties in connection with claims and challenges by Indigenous groups. Our business depends on good relations with our employees. Our Pe asquito operation in Mexico is subject to social, political, regulatory, and economic risks. We may not be able to operate successfully if we are unable to recruit, hire, retain and develop key personnel and a qualified and diverse workforce. In addition, we are dependent upon our employees being able to perform their jobs in a safe and respectful work environment. We rely on contractors to conduct a significant portion of our operations and construction projects. Our business is subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other related anti-bribery laws and regulations. A breach or violation of these rules and regulations could lead to substantial sanctions and civil and criminal prosecution, as well as fines and penalties, litigation, loss of licenses or permits and other collateral consequences and reputational harm. Newmont s global operations create exposure to U.S. and international trade, sanctions, and export control risks. As a U.S.-headquartered company, Newmont must comply with U.S. trade laws worldwide, as well as applicable local regulations. These risks stem from cross-border movement of mineral, equipment, technology, services, capital, and data, often involving third 14 Table of Contents parties. Trade compliance failures may result in legal exposure, financial penalties, operational disruption, reputational damage, and restricted access financial systems or markets. Unanticipated litigation or negative developments in pending litigation or with respect to other contingencies may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Title to some of our properties may be insufficient, defective, or challenged. The price 