=== NEM_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, below for further information. Condition of Physical Assets and Insurance Our business is capital intensive and requires ongoing capital investment for the replacement, modernization or expansion of equipment and facilities. Refer to Results of Consolidated Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources within Part II, Item 7, MD A, for further information. We maintain insurance policies against property loss, business interruption, and other risks that are typical in the operation of our business, in amounts that we believe to be reasonable. Such insurance, however, contains exclusions and limitations on coverage, particularly with respect to environmental liability and political risk. There can be no assurance that claims would be paid under such insurance policies in connection with a particular event. Refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, below for further information. 9 Table of Contents Environmental, Social and Governance Overview Focusing on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") practices are an important part of Newmont s business. Widely recognized for our principled ESG practices, we have been consistently ranked as a leader in the mining and metal sector of the S P Global, and we have been listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since 2007. ESG is a key part of how we make investment decisions and central to our culture and purpose to create value and improve lives through sustainable and responsible mining. Sustainability and safety are integrated into the business at all levels of the organization through our global policies, standards, strategies, business plans, and remuneration plans. Our global strategies, notably those related to Sustainability and Health, Safety, and Security, direct all levels of our business in environmental stewardship, strong workforce safety and health practices, social responsibility and good governance. With clear targets, open communication and transparent reporting, we strive for continuous improvement to meet the evolving expectations of investors, governments, communities and other key stakeholders, and to contribute to a sustainable future for all. Stakeholder Engagement We engage regularly with relevant stakeholders, who we consider to be any person or organization potentially impacted by our activities or influential to our success, which allows us to gain a greater understanding of their needs, interests and perspectives while, at the same time, encouraging shared decision making to promote mutually beneficial outcomes. These engagements also inform what information is most useful for stakeholders for the purposes of our non-financial reporting. Newmont also engages with and commits to meeting the expectations of a variety of organizations at a global, regional, national and local level - and where applicable - adhering to these organizations' high standards of governance, social and environmental policies and performance. These memberships and other external commitments reflect our values, support our approach to working collaboratively on best practices across several key matters and allow external stakeholders to hold us accountable. Our participation in industry initiatives, wherein we often take a leadership role, allows us to inform and influence global standards and practices, as well as gain insight into emerging expectations and issues. Reporting We believe that transparency and accountability are key attributes of governance. Since 2003, Newmont has been reporting on how we manage the sustainability issues of relevance to stakeholders around the globe. Our sustainability report provides an annual review of non-financial performance on governance, strategy and management approach, risk management, and performance and targets in key areas that include health, safety and security, workforce, the environment, supply chain, social responsibility, business integrity and compliance, value sharing, and inclusion, diversity, and equity domains. Our sustainability report is compiled in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI") Standards (GRI 1: Foundation 2021; G4 Mining and Metals Sector Disclosure), and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Metals Mining Industry Standard (Version 2023-12). Select data is subject to an external limited assurance review and reflects Newmont s commitment to transparency and reporting obligations as a founding member of the International Council on Mining and Metals ("ICMM") and as an early adopter of the UN Guiding Principles Reporting Framework. Additionally, our sustainability report aligns with the requirements the ICMM's Mining Principles' Performance Expectations and Position Statements, the GISTM and the World Gold Council's Responsible Gold Mining Principles. Newmont s sustainability reporting suite also includes our sustainability-linked bond framework, ESG data tables, conflict-free gold report, modern slavery statement, policy influence disclosures, taxes and royalties contributions report, and other reports and responses, which can be found on our website at www.newmont.com/sustainability. The information in our sustainability report and on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report or otherwise filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Environmental Practices Climate Change . We accept the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change s assessment of climate science, and we acknowledge that human activities contribute to climate change and business has an important role in addressing this global challenge. It is our firm belief that climate change is one of the greatest global challenges of our time. For a discussion of climate-related risks, refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors. Climate Targets and Initiatives to Achieve. We believe that value-creation industries like mining have a responsibility to drive actions to transition us to a low-carbon economy. In an effort to play our part in addressing climate change, in 2020 we announced science-based, GHG emissions reduction targets of 32% for Scope 1 and Scope 2 and 30% for Scope 3 by 2030 ("2030 climate targets"), with an ultimate ambition of being carbon neutral by 2050. Newmont's emission calculation methodology framework dictates that any change of 5% resulting from divestitures or acquisitions requires recalculation of baseline data. The acquisition of Newcrest in November 2023 as well as the divestitures in 2024 through 2025 triggered Newmont to recalculate the target baseline years and trailing years of GHG emissions data. We are continuing to review our targets and roadmap which may result in amendments 10 Table of Contents in the future. Investors are reminded that climate-related targets are subject to aspirational management goals and forward-looking statements, which remain subject to risks and uncertainties. For example, our ability to achieve our Scope 3 emissions targets is subject to the actions of entities not within our control, though we continue to work with our partners on these matters. While we review our performance annually and seek opportunities to advance, meeting this target should not be projected or relied upon. Refer to Forward-Looking Statements, below, and Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report under the heading " Our operations and projects are subject to a range of risks related to transitioning the business to meet regulatory, societal and investor expectations for operating in a low-carbon economy. " Our most significant opportunities to reduce emissions exist in building or deploying cleaner energy solutions at our mine sites, as well as the greening of the electrical grid that supplies energy to our operations. Since announcing our 2030 climate targets, we have taken steps to invest in climate change initiatives in support of our goal. We also see sustainable finance as a way to further demonstrate Newmont's focus on climate change. In December 2021, Newmont became the first in the mining industry to issue a sustainability-linked bond, with the registered public offering of $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.6% Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2032 (the "Notes"), with the coupon linked to Newmont s performance against key ESG goals regarding 2030 climate targets. In connection with the issuance of the Notes, Newmont published a Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework and obtained a second party opinion on the framework from the Institutional Shareholder Services group of companies ESG. The Notes align Newmont s business and financing by creating a direct link between its sustainability performance and funding strategies. In addition to our focus on reducing carbon emissions, we believe that access to clean, safe water is a human right, and reliable water supplies are vital for hygiene, sanitation, livelihoods and the health of the environment. Because water is also critical to our business, we recognize the need to use water efficiently, protect water resources, and collaborate with the stakeholders within the watersheds where we operate to effectively manage this shared resource. We operate in water-stressed areas with limited supply, and increased pressure on water supplies may occur due to increasing populations in and around communities in proximity to our operations. Biodiversity. Our operations span multiple continents in a range of ecosystems that include tropical, desert and arctic climates. We understand the impact our activities can have on the environment and are committed to protect and prevent or otherwise minimize, mitigate and remediate those impacts in the areas where we operate through responsible management during all aspects of the mine lifecycle and collaboration with stakeholders to develop integrated approaches to land use. Our Environmental Impact. We conduct our operations so as to protect public health and the environment and believe our operations are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations in all material respects. Our mining and exploration activities are subject to various laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions governing the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations are continually changing. Our Environmental Reclamation and Remediation Commitments. Each operating mine has a reclamation plan in place that meets, in all material respects, applicable legal and regulatory requirements. We are also involved in several matters concerning environmental obligations associated with former, primarily historical, mining activities. Generally, these matters concern developing and implementing remediation plans at the various sites. The reclamation and remediation stage is a multifaceted process with complex risks. Successfully closing and reclaiming mines is crucial for gaining stakeholder trust and maintaining social acceptance. Notably, Newmont is committed to the implementation of the GISTM and disclosure of implementation status for tailings facilities. Disclosures can be found on our website. Conformance with the GISTM remains ongoing and has and may continue to result in further increases to our sustaining costs and estimated closure costs. Additionally, laws, regulations and permit requirements focused on water management and discharge requirements for operations and water treatment are becoming increasingly stringent. Compliance with water management and discharge quality remains dynamic and has and may continue to result in further increases to our estimated closure costs. For a discussion of the most significant reclamation and remediation activities, refer to Note 6 and Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For discussion of regulatory, tailings storage facilities, water, climate and other environmental risks, refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, for additional information. Social Practices Our People. At Newmont, one of the strategic pillars is people. The success of our business comes from the accomplishments and well-being of our employees and contractors. That is why we strive to build a workplace culture that fosters leaders where everyone belongs, thrives, and is valued. At December 31, 2025, approximately 17,500 people were employed by Newmont and Newmont subsidiaries, and approximately 26,600 people were working as contractors in support of Newmont s operations and attainment of our objectives. Additionally, at December 31, 2025, approximately 27% of our workforce were members of a union or participated in collective bargaining. We are committed to fostering solid relationships with all members of our workforce based on trust, treating workers fairly and providing them with safe and healthy working conditions. For a discussion of related risks, refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors. Our people strategy represents a multi-year journey, and its three pillars and respective aspirations include: (i) leadership grow and attract exceptional leaders for our Company, the industry and beyond; (ii) inclusion, diversity and equity - through bold actions cultivate an inclusive, diverse and engaged workforce; and (iii) people experiences - foster a meaningful work experience that 11 Table of Contents enables our culture and strategy to flourish. The Board of Directors Leadership Development and Compensation Committee holds reviews with management every quarter and on an ad hoc basis as needed to ensure appropriate management of human capital and progress against our stated goals. The people who work on our behalf give us a competitive advantage. Through our global people strategy, we align our talent management efforts with the overall business strategy. The strategy s focus areas include enhancing the employee experience and evolving for future workforce needs; building our bench strength and leadership capabilities; developing effective labor relations that align stakeholders with a shared future; and improving inclusion. Inclusion, Diversity, and Equity. Inclusion is one of our five core values. We support this through a focus on our culture and four key areas of inclusion: (i) start with respect; (ii) listen to and engage employees; (iii) leverage dissonance, consistency, and persistence toward a future state culture; and (iv) focus on the career progress of underrepresented team members. Newmont is an equal employment opportunity employer and Newmont's policy is to not make employment-related decisions based on gender or any other protected basis. In our annual sustainability report, Newmont voluntarily reports workforce and labor information in accordance with GRI Standards, including data on workforce demographics, compensation and equal remuneration, gender diversity, union representation, labor relations, employee turnover, hiring representation, and training and development. Newmont also reports employment data in U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEO-1 reports which can be found on our website. The information in our sustainability report and on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report. ESG Performance-based Compensation. The importance of ESG performance is emphasized with our workforce through our training and development programs and our compensation design. Employees eligible for our short-term incentive plan are held accountable for the Company s health, safety, and sustainability performance through Newmont s performance-based compensation structure. ESG will comprise 30% of the Company s short-term incentive plan payout for 2025, with 20% allocated to health safety metrics and 10% to sustainability performance based social and environment metrics. Additional information regarding the Company s compensation programs and performance will be provided in the 2026 Proxy Statement. Health and Safety. Safeguarding the health and safety of our employees and contractors is fundamental to how we operate. Mining activities pose risks and hazards that must be effectively managed and controlled to minimize their impact. Safety is one of Newmont's core values, and our global Health, Safety, and Security strategy aims to advance our journey toward a workplace free from fatalities, injuries and illnesses. We believe that our operations are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations in all material respects. We continue to sustain robust controls at our operations and offices around the globe. We measure the effectiveness of our approach to managing the wide range of health and safety risks by setting measurable objectives and targets. The quality and effectiveness of our health and safety controls are audited regularly as part of our assurance and governance process. Commitments to Communities. Gaining and maintaining the trust of stakeholders impacted by a business is an ongoing endeavor. At Newmont, we use a collaborative approach to relationships with stakeholders and earning social acceptance. Through understanding and managing our activities' impacts on communities and involving local stakeholders in decision making, we aim to build enduring relationships based on respect and mutually beneficial and sustainable development outcomes. We monitor various metrics and performance objectives to assess the effectiveness of our social acceptance approach, and to better understand both the positive and negative impacts that our activities have on host communities. We seek to include impacted communities and groups in determining mitigation or optimization of these impacts in a manner that is culturally appropriate and with the consent of those impacted. We also recognize our responsibility to respect and promote human rights. Governance Practices Board of Directors Oversight. Newmont believes that strong corporate governance, with management accountability and active oversight from an experienced Board of Directors, is essential for mitigating risk, serving in the best interests of all stakeholders and creating long-term value. The highest level of oversight at Newmont resides with Newmont s Board of Directors (the Board"). The Board of Directors plays a critical role, overseeing the Company s business strategy and the overall goal of delivering long-term value creation for stockholders and other stakeholders. The members of the Board of Directors bring a broad range of backgrounds, experiences and talents, along with ethnic and gender diversity, to our governance process. As of December 31, 2025, the Board of Directors was comprised of 12 directors (11 independent non-executive directors and one executive director) with more than 55% of the independent directors with a form of ethnic or gender diversity to the Board of Directors, with 36% female representation among independent directors. With the retirement of Tom Palmer, and the appointment of Natascha Viljoen to the Board on January 1, 2026, to her new role as President and Chief Executive Officer, overall female representation on the Board increased to 42%. Four core Board committees, Audit, Corporate Governance and Nominating, Leadership Development and Compensation, and Safety and Sustainability, provide oversight and guidance in these key areas. Each committee assists the Board of Directors in carrying out responsibilities such as assessing major risks, ensuring high standards of ethical business conduct, succession planning and talent management, and approving and providing oversight of the sustainability strategy, which includes commitments to the adoption of best practices in promotion of a healthy and safe work environment, and environmentally sound and socially responsible mining and 12 Table of Contents resource development. All members of these four core Committees are independent, as defined in the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange and Newmont s Corporate Governance Guidelines. More information on Newmont s Board, governance practices and risk oversight can be found in our annual Proxy Statement. Code of Conduct. Our global Code of Conduct (the Code ), which was adopted and approved by Newmont s Board, forms the foundation for our integrity expectations, and six overarching policies, along with our standards on Anti-Corruption, Conflicts of Interest, Gifts and Entertainment and U.S. Export Compliance, state the minimum requirements for conducting business honestly, ethically and in the best interests of Newmont. Our Code reflects our belief that as important as what we do is how we do it. It requires all representatives of Newmont to demonstrate our values safety, integrity, sustainability, inclusion and responsibility in every aspect of our professional lives and ultimately, to live up to our purpose, which is to create value and improve lives through sustainable and responsible mining. Governance Materials. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Proxy Statement, policies, and the charters for the Committees of the Board of Directors are available on our website, www.newmont.com, and are available free of charge upon request to Investor Relations at our principal executive office. We also file with the New York Stock Exchange an annual certification that our Chief Executive Officer is unaware of any violation of the NYSE s corporate governance standards. We make available free of charge through our website this annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this report. Risk Factor Summary We are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including risks related to our operations and business, financial risks, risks related to our industry, environmental and climate risks, risks related to the jurisdictions in which we operate, risks related to our workforce, legal risks and risks related to our common stock, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks that we deem material are described in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: A substantial or extended decline in gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc prices would have a material adverse effect on us. We may be unable to replace gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc reserves as they become depleted. Estimates of proven and probable reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources are uncertain and the volume and grade of ore actually recovered may vary from our estimates. Estimates relating to projects and mine plans of existing operations are uncertain and we may incur higher costs and lower economic returns than estimated. Increased operating and capital costs could affect our profitability. Mine closure, reclamation and remediation costs for environmental liabilities may exceed the provisions we have made. Damage to our reputation may result in decreased investor confidence, challenges in maintaining positive community relations and can pose additional obstacles to our ability to develop our projects, which may result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and growth prospects. We are dependent upon information technology and operational technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure or cybersecurity attacks and risks associated with implementation, upgrade, operation and integration. To the extent we hold or acquire interests in any joint ventures or enter into any joint ventures, our interests in these properties is subject to risks normally associated with the conduct of joint ventures. Our operations and business have in the past been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and may be materially and adversely impacted in the future by pandemics, epidemics and other health emergencies. Increased exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations and capital controls may adversely affect Newmont s costs, earnings and the value of some of our assets. Future funding requirements may affect our business, our ability to pursue new business opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, pay cash dividends or engage in share repurchase transactions. Our long-lived assets and goodwill could become impaired, which could have a material non-cash adverse effect on our results of operations. Our ability to recognize the benefits of deferred tax assets is dependent on future cash flows and taxable income. Any downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could increase our future borrowing costs and adversely affect the availability of new financing. Returns for investments in pension plans are uncertain. 13 Table of Contents We may experience increased costs or losses resulting from the hazards and uncertainties associated with mining. Mining operations involve a high degree of risk, including hazards related to the use of explosives and hazardous chemicals and critical equipment failure. We rely on our supply chain operations to procure goods and services to support our operations and projects, and competition with other natural resource companies, and shortage of critical parts, services and equipment may adversely affect our operations and development projects. We may be unable to obtain or retain necessary permits and land or mining tenure which could adversely affect our operations and projects. Mining companies are increasingly required to consider and provide benefits to the communities and countries in which they operate in order to maintain operations. Illegal mining and artisanal mining occurs on or adjacent to certain of our properties exposing such sites to security risks. Civil disturbances and criminal activities can disrupt business and expose the Company to liability. Our operations and projects face substantial regulation of health and safety. Our operations and projects are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations. Our operations and projects are subject to a range of risks related to transitioning the business to meet regulatory, societal and investor expectations for operating in a low-carbon economy. Our operations and projects are subject to a range of transitional and physical risks related to climate change. Our Company and the mining industry are facing continued geotechnical, geothermal and hydrogeological challenges, which could adversely impact our production and profitability. Our operations and projects may be adversely affected by rising energy prices or energy shortages. Our operations and projects are dependent on the availability of sufficient water supplies and subject to water-related risks. Our operations and projects are subject to risks related to our relationships and/or agreements with local communities, including Indigenous Peoples, and laws for the protection of cultural heritage. Our operations and projects are subject to risks of doing business in multiple jurisdictions. New or changing legislation and tax risks in certain operating jurisdictions could negatively affect us. Changes in mining or investment policies or shifts in political and social attitudes in the jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect our operations or profitability. Our operations at Yanacocha and projects in Peru are subject to political and social unrest risks. Our Merian operation in Suriname is subject to political, security and economic risks. Our operations at Ahafo South and Ahafo North in Ghana are subject to political, economic, security and other risks. Our operations in Argentina are susceptible to risk as a result of economic and political instability in Argentina, regulatory risk and labor unrest. Our operations at Lihir and project at Wafi-Golpu in PNG are subject to political and regulatory risks and other uncertainties. Our operations and projects in Canada are subject to legal and regulatory risks and other uncertainties in connection with claims and challenges by Indigenous groups. Our business depends on good relations with our employees. Our Pe asquito operation in Mexico is subject to social, political, regulatory, and economic risks. We may not be able to operate successfully if we are unable to recruit, hire, retain and develop key personnel and a qualified and diverse workforce. In addition, we are dependent upon our employees being able to perform their jobs in a safe and respectful work environment. We rely on contractors to conduct a significant portion of our operations and construction projects. Our business is subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other related anti-bribery laws and regulations. A breach or violation of these rules and regulations could lead to substantial sanctions and civil and criminal prosecution, as well as fines and penalties, litigation, loss of licenses or permits and other collateral consequences and reputational harm. Newmont s global operations create exposure to U.S. and international trade, sanctions, and export control risks. As a U.S.-headquartered company, Newmont must comply with U.S. trade laws worldwide, as well as applicable local regulations. These risks stem from cross-border movement of mineral, equipment, technology, services, capital, and data, often involving third 14 Table of Contents parties. Trade compliance failures may result in legal exposure, financial penalties, operational disruption, reputational damage, and restricted access financial systems or markets. Unanticipated litigation or negative developments in pending litigation or with respect to other contingencies may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Title to some of our properties may be insufficient, defective, or challenged. The price of our common stock may be volatile, which may make it difficult for you to sell the common stock at the price you paid or at prices you find attractive. Holders of our common stock, CDIs and PDIs may not receive dividends. Compliance with exchange listing rules as a foreign exempt listing may differ from investor expectations. We may not receive any or all deferred or contingent consideration for divested assets. We are subject to ongoing indemnification and other retained liabilities from certain recent and historical transactions. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this report (including information incorporated by reference herein) are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided for under these sections. Words such as expect(s), feel(s), believe(s), will, may, anticipate(s), estimate(s), should, intend(s), "target(s)," "plan(s)," "potential," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements may include, without limitation: estimates regarding future earnings and the sensitivity of earnings to gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc and other metal prices; estimates of future mineral production and sales; estimates of future production costs, other expenses and taxes for specific operations and on a consolidated basis, including estimates of future costs applicable to sales and all-in sustaining costs; estimates of future cash flows and the sensitivity of cash flows to gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc and other metal prices; estimates of future capital expenditures, including development and sustaining capital, as well as construction or closure activities and other cash needs, for specific operations and on a consolidated basis, and expectations as to the funding or timing thereof; estimates as to the projected development of certain ore deposits or projects, such as the Tanami Expansion 2, Cerro Negro District Expansion 1, Cadia Panel Caves, Red Chris Block Cave and Wafi-Golpu, including without limitation expectations for the production, milling, costs applicable to sales, all-in sustaining costs, mine-life extension, the costs of such development and other capital costs, financing plans for these deposits and expected production commencement dates, construction completion dates and other timelines; estimates of reserves and resources statements regarding future exploration results and reserve and resource replacement and the sensitivity of reserves to metal price changes; statements regarding the availability of, and terms and costs related to, future borrowing or financing and expectations regarding future share repurchase transactions, debt repayments or debt tender transactions; statements regarding future cash flows and returns to stockholders, including with respect to future dividends and expected payout levels; estimates regarding future exploration expenditures and discoveries; statements regarding fluctuations in financial and currency markets; estimates regarding potential cost savings, productivity, operating performance and ownership and cost structures; expectations regarding statements on future or recently completed transactions and expectations regarding potential future transactions; estimates of future cost reductions, synergies, including pre-tax synergies, savings and efficiencies, and future cash flow enhancements through portfolio optimization, restructurings and cost savings initiatives; expectations of future equity and enterprise value; 15 Table of Contents expectations regarding the start-up time, design, mine life, production and costs applicable to sales and exploration potential of our projects; statements regarding future hedge and derivative positions or modifications thereto; statements regarding local, community, political, economic or governmental conditions and environments; statements and expectations regarding the impacts of health and safety conditions; statements regarding the impacts of changes in the legal and regulatory environment in which we operate, including, without limitation, relating to regional, national, domestic and foreign laws; statements regarding climate strategy and expectations regarding greenhouse gas emission targets (including Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 targets) and other climate-related goals, aspirations and ambitions, and related operating costs and capital expenditures; statements regarding expected changes in the tax regimes in which we operate, including, without limitation, estimates of future tax rates and estimates of the impacts to income tax expense, valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and other financial impacts; estimates of income taxes and expectations relating to tax contingencies or tax audits; estimates of future costs, accruals for reclamation costs and other liabilities for certain environmental matters, including without limitation, in connection with water treatment, such as the Yanacocha water treatment plants, and tailings management; statements relating to potential impairments, revisions or write-offs, including without limitation, the result of fluctuation in metal prices, unexpected production or capital costs, or unrealized reserve potential; estimates of pension and other post-retirement costs; statements regarding estimates of timing of adoption of recent accounting pronouncements and expectations regarding future impacts to the financial statements resulting from accounting pronouncements; and estimates of future cost reductions, savings and efficiencies in connection with programs and cost saving initiatives. Where we express an expectation or belief as to future events or results, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis. However, our forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed, projected or implied by those forward-looking statements. Such risks include, but are not limited to: there being no significant change to current geotechnical, metallurgical, hydrogeological and other physical conditions; the price of gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc and other metal prices and commodities; the cost of operations and prices for key supplies; currency fluctuations, including exchange rate assumptions; other macroeconomic events impacting inflation, interest rates, supply chain, and capital markets; operating performance of equipment, processes and facilities; environmental impacts and geotechnical challenges including in connection with climate-related and other catastrophic events; labor relations; healthy and safety impacts including in connection with global events, pandemics, and epidemics; timing of receipt of necessary governmental and regulatory permits or approvals; domestic and foreign laws or regulations, particularly relating to the environment, mining and processing; changes in tax laws; political developments in any jurisdiction in which Newmont operates being consistent with its current expectations; our ability to obtain or maintain necessary financing; and other risks and hazards associated with mining operations. More detailed information regarding these factors is included in Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere throughout this report. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. 16 Table of Contents All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to Newmont or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Available Information Newmont maintains a website at www.newmont.com and makes available, through the Investor Relations section of the website, its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Section 16 filings and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the SEC. Certain other information, including Newmont s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the charters of key committees of its Board of Directors and its Code of Conduct are also available on the website. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (dollars in millions, except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts) Our business activities are subject to significant risks, including those described below. You should carefully consider these risks. If any of the described risks actually occurs, our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Such risks are not the only ones we face and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. This report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below. Refer to Forward-Looking Statements. Risks Related to Our Operations and Business A substantial or extended decline in gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc prices would have a material adverse effect on us. Our business is dependent on the prices of gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc, which fluctuate on a daily basis and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control. Factors tending to influence prices include: Gold sales, purchases or leasing by governments and central banks; Speculative short positions taken by significant investors or traders in gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc or other metals; The relative strength of the U.S. dollar; The monetary policies employed by the world s major Central Banks; The fiscal policies employed by the world s major industrialized economies; Expectations of the future rate of inflation; Interest rates; Recession or reduced economic activity in the United States, Australia, China, India and other industrialized or developing countries; Decreased industrial, jewelry, base metal or investment demand; Increased import and export taxes; Increased supply from production, disinvestment and scrap; Forward sales by producers in hedging or similar transactions; Availability of cheaper substitute materials; and Changing investor or consumer sentiment, including in connection with transition to a low-carbon economy, investor interest in crypto currencies and other investment alternatives and other factors. Average gold prices for 2025 were $3,432 per ounce (2024: $2,386; 2023: $1,941), average copper prices for 2025 were $4.51 per pound (2024: $4.15; 2023: $3.85), average silver prices for 2025 were $40.03 per ounce (2024: $28.27; 2023: $23.35), average lead prices for 2025 were $0.89 per pound (2024: $0.94; 2023: $0.97), and average zinc prices for 2025 were $1.30 per pound (2024: $1.26; 2023: $1.20). Prices are obtained from the London Bullion Market Association for gold and silver and the London Metal Exchange for copper, lead and zinc. Any decline in our realized prices adversely impacts our revenues, net income and operating cash flows, particularly in light of our strategy of not engaging in hedging transactions with respect to sales of gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc. Historically, the commodity markets have been very volatile, and there can be no assurance that commodity prices will not be subject to wide fluctuations in the future. A substantial or extended decline in commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, cash flows, access to capital, and on the quantities of reserves that the Company can economically produce. Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. In addition, sustained lower gold, silver, copper, zinc or lead prices can: 17 Table of Contents Reduce revenues further through production declines due to cessation of the mining of deposits, or portions of deposits, that become uneconomic at sustained lower metal prices; Reduce or eliminate the profit that we currently expect from ore stockpiles and ore on leach pads and increase the likelihood and amount that the Company might be required to record write downs related to the carrying value of its stockpiles and ore on leach pads; Halt or delay the development of new projects; Reduce funds available for exploration and advanced projects with the result that depleted reserves may not be replaced; and Reduce existing reserves by removing ores from reserves that can no longer be economically processed at prevailing prices. We may be unable to replace gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc reserves as they become depleted. Mining companies must continually replace reserves depleted by production to maintain production levels over the long term and provide a return on invested capital. Depleted reserves can be replaced in several ways, including expanding known ore bodies, by locating new deposits or acquiring interests in reserves from third parties. Exploration is highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and uncertainties and is frequently unsuccessful in discovering significant mineralization. Accordingly, our current or future exploration programs may not result in new mineral producing operations. Even if significant mineralization is discovered, it will likely take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. We may consider, from time to time, the acquisition of ore reserves from others related to development properties and operating mines. Such acquisitions are typically based on an analysis of a variety of factors including historical operating results, estimates of and assumptions regarding the extent of ore reserves, the timing of production from such reserves and cash and other operating costs. Other factors that affect our decision to make any such acquisitions may also include our assumptions for future gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc prices or other mineral prices and the projected economic returns and evaluations of existing or potential liabilities associated with the property and its operations and projections of how these may change in the future. In addition, in connection with any acquisitions we may rely on data and reports prepared by third parties (including ability to permit and compliance with existing regulations) and which may contain information or data that we are unable to independently verify or confirm. Other than historical operating results, all these factors are uncertain and may have an impact on our revenue, our cash flow and other operating issues, as well as contributing to the uncertainties related to the process used to estimate reserves and resources. In addition, there may be intense competition for the acquisition of attractive mining properties. As a result of these uncertainties, our exploration programs and any acquisitions which we may pursue may not result in the expansion or replacement of our current production with new ore reserves or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position. Estimates of proven and probable reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources are uncertain and the volume and grade of ore actually recovered may vary from our estimates. The mineral reserves stated in this report represent the amount of gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc and molybdenum that we estimated, at December 31, 2025, could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. Estimates of proven and probable reserves are subject to considerable uncertainty. Such estimates are, or will be, to a large extent, based on the prices of gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc, and molybdenum and interpretations of geologic data obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques, which data may not necessarily be indicative of future results. If our reserve estimations are required to be revised due to significantly lower gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc, and molybdenum prices, increases in operating costs, reductions in metallurgical recovery or other modifying factors, this could result in material write-downs of our investment in mining properties, goodwill and increased amortization, reclamation and closure charges. Producers use pre-feasibility or feasibility studies for undeveloped ore bodies to derive estimates of capital and operating costs based upon anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined and processed, the predicted configuration of the ore body, expected recovery rates of metals from the ore, the costs of comparable facilities, the costs of operating and processing equipment and other factors. Actual operating and capital cost and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from original estimates. Further, it may take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time, the economic feasibility of production may change. Additionally, resources do not indicate proven and probable reserves as defined by the SEC or the Company s standards. Estimates of measured, indicated and inferred resources are subject to further exploration and development, and are, therefore, subject to considerable uncertainty. Inferred resources, in particular, have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence and their economic and legal feasibility. The Company cannot be certain that any part or parts of the resource will ever be converted into mineral reserves. In addition, if the price of gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc, or molybdenum declines from recent levels, if production costs increase, grades decline, recovery rates decrease or if applicable laws and regulations are adversely changed, the indicated level of 18 Table of Contents recovery may not be realized or mineral reserves or resources might not be mined or processed profitably. Similarly, mineral reserves may be impacted if assumptions relating to mine planning change or are not achieved, for example if planned improvements from our business improvement programs are not realized. If we determine that certain of our mineral reserves have become uneconomic, this may ultimately lead to a reduction in our aggregate reported mineral reserves and resources. Consequently, if our actual mineral reserves and resources are less than current estimates, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position may be materially impaired. Estimates relating to projects and mine plans of existing operations are uncertain and we may incur higher costs and lower economic returns than estimated. Mine development and expansion projects typically require a number of years and significant expenditures during the development phase before production is possible. Such projects could experience unexpected problems and delays during permitting, development, construction and mine start-up. Our decision to develop a project is typically based on the results of studies, which estimate the anticipated economic returns of a project. The actual project profitability or economic feasibility may differ from such estimates as a result of any of the following factors, among others: Changes in tonnage, grades and metallurgical characteristics of ore to be mined and processed; Changes in input commodity and labor costs, including as a result of inflation or tariffs; The quality of the data on which engineering assumptions were made; Increases in development capital and investment costs; Adverse geotechnical, geothermal and hydrogeological conditions; Availability of adequate and skilled labor force; Availability, supply and cost including: critical assets, water, reagents, and power; Costs related to environmental management and sales including waste management, monitoring and transport and storage of product sales; Fluctuations in inflation and currency exchange rates; Availability, cost and terms of financing; Ability to achieve anticipated benefits, synergies, savings and other efficiencies in connection with acquisitions, business improvement programs and initiatives, and through portfolio optimization and divestitures; Delays or inability to obtain environmental or other government permits or approvals or changes in the laws and regulations related to our operations or project development; Changes in tax laws, customs law and tariffs, the laws and/or regulations around royalties and other taxes due to the regional and national governments and royalty agreements; Government instability, including in jurisdictions that do not have a long-standing or significant mining industry, such that there may be limited clarity on agreements with such governments, or decreased governmental support for development of mining projects; Weather or severe climate impacts, including, without limitation, prolonged or unexpected precipitation, drought and/or sub-zero temperatures; Potential delays and restrictions in connection with health and safety issues, including pandemics (such as COVID-19 and related variants) and other infectious diseases, such as malaria or the zika virus; Potential delays relating to social and community issues, including, without limitation, issues resulting in protests, road blockages or work stoppages; and Potential challenges to mining activities or to permits or other approvals or delays in development and construction of projects based on claims of disturbance of cultural resources or the inability to secure consent generally from Indigenous groups. New projects require, among other things, the successful completion of feasibility studies, attention to various fiscal, tax and royalty matters, obtainment of, and compliance with, required governmental and regulatory permits and arrangements for necessary surface and other land rights. We may also have to identify adequate sources of water and power for new projects, ensure that appropriate community infrastructure (for example, reliable rail, ports, roads, and bridges) is developed to support the project and secure appropriate financing to fund a new project. These infrastructures and services are often provided by third parties whose operational activities are outside of our control. Establishing infrastructure for our development projects requires significant resources, identification of adequate sources of raw materials and supplies, and the cooperation of national and regional governments, none of which can be assured. In addition, new projects have no operating history upon which to base estimates of future financial and operating performance, including future cash flow. Thus, it is possible that actual costs may increase and economic returns may differ materially from our estimates. Consequently, our future development activities may not result in the expansion or replacement of 19 Table of Contents current production with new production, or one or more of these new production sites or facilities may be less profitable than currently anticipated or may not be profitable at all, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. For our existing operations, we base our mine plans on geological and metallurgical assumptions, financial projections and commodity price estimates. These estimates are periodically updated to reflect changes in our operations, including modifications to our proven and probable reserves, revisions to environmental obligations, changes in legislation and/or our political or economic environment, and other significant events associated with or impacting mining operations. Further, future positive revisions, if any, remain subject to improvements in costs, recovery, commodity price or a combination of these and other factors. Additionally, we review our operations for events and circumstances that could indicate that the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable. If indicators of impairment are determined to exist at our mine operations, and an impairment charge is incurred, such charges are not reversible at a later date even when favorable modifications to our proven and probable reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources, favorable revisions to environmental obligations, favorable changes in legislation and/or our political or economic environment, and other favorable events occur. As a result of these uncertainties, actual results may be less favorable than estimated returns and initial financial outlook. Increased operating and capital costs could affect our profitability. Costs at any particular mining location are subject to variation due to a number of factors, such as variable ore grade, changing metallurgy and revisions to mine plans in response to the physical shape and location of the ore body, as well as the age and utilization rates for the mining and processing related facilities and equipment. In addition, costs are affected by the price and availability of input commodities, such as fuel, electricity, labor, chemical reagents, explosives, steel, concrete and mining and processing related equipment and facilities. Commodity costs are, at times, subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at certain operations less profitable. Further, changes in laws and regulations can affect commodity prices, uses, and transport. Reported costs may also be affected by changes in accounting standards. A material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect on our profitability and operating cash flow. Our operational costs, including, without limitation, labor costs, can be impacted by inflation. Certain of our operations are located in countries that have in the past experienced high rates of inflation, such as in Argentina, Suriname, and Ghana. It is possible that in the future, high inflation in the countries in which we operate may result in an increase in operational costs in local currencies (without a concurrent devaluation of the local currency of operations against the dollar or an increase in the dollar price of gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc). A material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect on our profitability and operating cash flow. We could have significant increases in capital and operating costs over the next several years in connection with new projects, costs related to closure reclamation activities, and in the sustaining and/or expansion of existing mining and processing operations. Costs associated with capital expenditures may increase in the future as a result of factors beyond our control. Increased capital expenditures may have an adverse effect on the profitability of and cash flow generated from existing operations, as well as the economic returns anticipated from new projects. Significantly higher and sustained increases in operational costs or capital expenditures could result in the deferral or closure of projects and mines in the event that costs become prohibitive. At the beginning of the third quarter of 2025, management committed to a strategic plan designed to reduce operating costs and continue to advance the Company s ongoing commitment to profitability, which included streamlining its organizational structure and a reduction of the Company s workforce and office space in certain markets. Such initiatives involve expenses primarily relating to employee severance, consulting costs, and other restructuring charges. Cost saving estimates are based on a number of assumptions, including compliance with local legal requirements across jurisdictions. Actual costs, timing, and benefits may differ from current estimates as the Company continues to assess the full scope of the impact arising from, or related to, the workforce reduction and operating model changes. There can be no assurance that the expected cost reductions or operational efficiencies will be realized within the anticipated timeframe, or at all. Mine closure, reclamation and remediation costs for environmental liabilities may exceed the provisions we have made. Natural resource extractive companies are required to close their operations and rehabilitate the lands that they mine in accordance with a variety of environmental laws and regulations. Estimates of the total ultimate closure and rehabilitation costs for gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead mining operations are significant and based principally on current legal, community and regulatory requirements and mine closure plans that may change materially. Additionally, we may be held responsible for the costs of addressing contamination at the site of current or former activities or at third party sites or be held liable to third parties for exposure to hazardous substances should those be identified in the future. Under the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( CERCLA ) and its state law equivalents, current or former owners of properties may be held jointly and severally liable for the costs of site cleanup or required to undertake remedial actions in response to unpermitted releases of hazardous substances at such property, in addition to, among other potential consequences, liability to governmental entities for the cost of damages to natural resources, which may be significant. These subject properties are referred to as superfund sites. For example, the inactive Midnite uranium mine is a superfund site subject to CERCLA. 20 Table of Contents It is possible that certain of our other current or former operations, projects or exploration locations in the U.S. could be designated as a superfund site in the future, exposing us to potential liability under CERCLA. The laws and regulations governing mine closure and reclamation in a particular jurisdiction are subject to review at any time and may be amended to impose additional requirements and conditions which may cause our provisions for environmental liabilities to be underestimated and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations. For a more detailed description of potential environmental liabilities, see the discussion in Environmental Matters in Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, regulators are increasingly requesting security in the form of cash collateral, credit, trust arrangements or guarantees to secure the performance of environmental obligations, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position. Any underestimated or unanticipated retirement and rehabilitation costs could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Environmental liabilities are accrued when they become known, or new permit conditions or limits are added, are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes known, or a previously estimated reclamation cost is increased, the amount of that liability and additional cost will be recorded at that time and could materially reduce our consolidated net income attributable to Newmont stockholders and potentially result in impairments. For example, in early 2015 and again in June 2017, the Peruvian government agency responsible for certain environmental regulations, the MINAM, issued proposed modifications to water quality criteria for designated beneficial uses which apply to mining companies, including Yanacocha. These criteria modified the in-stream water quality criteria pursuant to which Yanacocha has been designing water treatment processes and infrastructure. In 2017, Yanacocha submitted a modification to its previously approved compliance achievement plan to the MINEM. In May 2022, Yanacocha submitted a proposed modification to this plan requesting an extension of time for coming into full compliance with the new regulations to 2027. In June 2023, Yanacocha received approval of its updated compliance plan from MINEM and was granted an extension to June 2026 to achieve compliance. The Company appealed this approval to the Mining Council requesting the regulatory extension until 2027, and in April 2024, MINEM approved the compliance schedule. The Company is conducting detailed studies to better estimate water management and other closure activities that will ensure water quality and quantity discharge requirements, including the modifications promulgated by MINAM, as referenced above, will be met. During 2025, a comprehensive update to the Yanacocha reclamation plan was completed which addressed changes in closure activities and estimated closure costs while aiming to preserve optionality for potential future projects at Yanacocha. Ongoing studies, which will extend beyond the current year, continue to evaluate and revise assumptions and estimated costs of changes to the reclamation plan. While certain estimated costs remain subject to revision, the Company s asset retirement obligation includes construction and operating costs for two new water treatment plants and initial consideration of known risks (including the associated risk that these water treatment estimates could change in the future as more work is completed). The ultimate water treatment costs of the two water treatment plants remain uncertain as ongoing study work and assessment of opportunities that incorporates the latest design considerations remain in progress. These and other risks and contingencies that are the subject of ongoing studies could result in future material increases to the reclamation obligation at Yanacocha, including, but not limited to, a comprehensive review of our tailings storage facility management, review of Yanacocha s water balance and storm water management system and review of post-closure management costs. The ongoing Yanacocha closure studies are expected to continue in the future. Future material increases or decreases to the asset retirement obligation could occur as additional analyses are completed and further refinements to water quality and volume modeling are completed. Additionally, revisions to the Yanacocha reclamation plan may change in connection with the Company s ultimate submission and review of the plan with Peruvian regulators. Refer to Notes 6 and 24 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding reclamation and remediation, and Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements regarding the Company s interest in Yanacocha. Damage to our reputation may result in decreased investor confidence, challenges in maintaining positive community relations and can pose additional obstacles to our ability to develop our projects, which may result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and growth prospects. Damage to our reputation can be the result of the actual or perceived occurrence of a variety of events and circumstances, and could result in negative publicity (for example, with respect to handling of environmental, tailings and tailings failures, employee, safety and security matters, dealings with local community organizations or individuals, community commitments, handling of cultural sites or resources, and various other matters). In recent years we have provided greater transparency on environmental, social and governance performance in response to stakeholder engagement and requests, and provided supplemental disclosures in our Annual Sustainability Report and other sustainability reports on our website in connection with stakeholder concerns and issues. Such increased transparency may result in greater scrutiny and impact how the Company is perceived. The Code forms the foundation of our internal governance structure as well as our commitment to responsible mining. We encourage employees and others to promptly report incidents of possible violations of the Code and/or our global policies and standards, including without limitation in the areas of business integrity, social and environmental, community relations and human rights. Employees and non-employees, including suppliers and community members, can anonymously report concerns via our third-party-administered helpline. Each mine site also has a complaints and grievances register to record matters raised by local stakeholders. When necessary, we use independent mechanisms agreed to by the complainants, such as a local leader or committee, 21 Table of Contents to facilitate resolution of such matters before they require public or legal intervention. However, we are not always able to resolve these matters before they are raised publicly or in legal or regulatory proceedings and in the future we may not be able to meet the growing demands of stakeholders through these mechanisms. Such matters once publicized may negatively impact our reputation and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. The growing use of social media to generate, publish and discuss community news and issues and to connect with others has made it significantly easier, among other things, for individuals and groups to share their opinions of us and our activities, whether true or not. We do not have direct control over how we are perceived by others and any resulting loss of reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. We are dependent upon information technology and operational technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure or cybersecurity attacks and risks associated with implementation, upgrade, operation and integration. Our business operations rely heavily on technology platforms and systems to manage and optimize our globally diverse mining assets. These systems are critical to ensuring safety, operational efficiency, cost management, and meeting environmental, social, and governance (ESG) objectives. However, the increasing sophistication of cybersecurity threats, coupled with the adoption of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI), automation, and cloud-based platforms, poses important risks to our operations, financial performance, and reputation. Our systems, as well as those of our third-party service providers, vendors, and partners, face a wide range of cybersecurity threats, including: Ransomware, malware, and phishing schemes targeting critical systems and sensitive data; unauthorized access and breaches affecting intellectual property, financial information, and operational data; vulnerabilities introduced through supply chain dependencies and third-party security weaknesses; human error, design flaws, and system misconfigurations. The adoption of new technologies and the adoption of remote and flexible work arrangements enhances our operational capabilities but introduces additional risks. AI, for example, is increasingly leveraged by Newmont for decision-making, mineral extraction optimization, and autonomous operations. While AI has the potential to improve efficiency and safety, it also presents unique vulnerabilities, including algorithmic biases that could lead to inaccurate decisions or unintended outcomes; data integrity risks, such as manipulation or corruption of datasets used to train AI systems; unauthorized access or exploitation of AI-powered systems, potentially compromising operations or sensitive data. Additionally, the increased interconnectivity of automated and cloud-based systems and increase of our remote workforce expands our cyber-attack surface, requiring heightened vigilance and advanced security measures. These risks are further compounded for our operations in countries with higher geopolitical risk. The Newmont cybersecurity program is designed to protect our technology platforms and address risks associated with the implementation of emerging technologies. While these efforts are designed to align with industry best practices, no system can eliminate all risks, especially given the pace of technological advancement and the evolving nature and increased frequency of cyber threats. In addition, we do not carry specific cybersecurity insurance to help mitigate such costs due to increased premiums and limited market availability. A successful cyberattack or other cybersecurity incident could result in production and operational downtimes, data corruption, and unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information. For example, in 2020, we detected a cyberattack on our systems. Although we were able to respond quickly to stop the continued spread of the threat, it took significant time and resources to fully identify the scope of the attack and to recover our systems and data. The cost of responding to and remediating such event was immaterial. Although the 2020 attempts and other cyber incidents to date have not resulted in any material breaches, disruptions, or loss of business-critical information, our systems and procedures for preparing and protecting against such attempts and mitigating such risks may prove to be insufficient against future attacks. These events may subject us to significant expenses, remediation costs, disputes, financial losses, regulatory actions or investigations, litigation, reputational harm, and delays in the deployment of critical technologies, that could results in damages, material fines and penalties, and harm to our reputation, any of which could have a significant effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. The risks associated with the implementation of emerging technologies, if not effectively mitigated, could undermine the benefits of these advancements and impact our competitive position. In addition, we are subject to various legislation, regulations, directives and guidelines from federal, state, local and foreign agencies, that are intended to strengthen cybersecurity measures required for information and operational technology, and that apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information. Failure to comply with any of applicable legal requirements could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, which could harm our reputation and have a significant effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. To the extent we hold or acquire interests in any joint ventures or enter into any joint ventures, our interest in these properties is subject to the risks normally associated with the conduct of joint ventures. To the extent we hold or acquire interests in any joint ventures or enter into any joint ventures in the future, the existence or occurrence of one or more of the following circumstances and events could have a material adverse impact on our profitability or the 22 Table of Contents viability of our interests held through joint ventures, which could have a material adverse impact on our future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition: inconsistent economic, political or business interests or goals between partners or disagreements with partners on strategy for the most efficient development or operation of mines; inability to control certain strategic decisions made in respect of properties; exercise of majority rights by our partners so as to take actions for which we may not believe to be in the joint venture s best interests, including but not limited to decisions related to day to day operations, labor relations, litigation, government relations, political contributions, community relations, project approval and project funding mechanisms; inability of partners to meet their financial and other obligations to the joint venture or third parties; disputes between partners regarding management, funding or other decisions related to the joint venture; and activities conducted by partners outside the joint venture may lead to reputational or regulatory consequences that negatively affect the performance or reputation of the joint venture due to their association. To the extent that we are not the operator of joint venture properties, such that we will be unable to control the activities of the operator, the success of such operations will be beyond our control. In many cases we will be bound by the decisions made by the operator in the operation of such property, and will rely on the operator to manage the property and to provide accurate information related to such property. We can provide no assurance that all decisions of operators of properties we do not control will achieve the expected results. For example, our joint ventures, including the joint venture that combined our and Barrick Mining Corporation s ( Barrick ) respective Nevada operations, forming NGM, pursuant to the operating agreement entered into on July 1, 2019 between Barrick, Newmont and their wholly-owned subsidiaries party thereto (the Nevada JV Agreement ), may not be as beneficial to us as expected, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in construction costs, political risks, labor disputes or other factors. Pursuant to the terms of the Nevada JV Agreement, we hold a 38.5 percent economic interest and Barrick holds a 61.5 percent economic interest in NGM. Barrick operates NGM with overall management responsibility and is subject to the supervision and direction of NGM s Board of Managers, which is comprised of three managers appointed by Barrick and two managers appointed by Newmont. Outside of certain prescribed matters, decisions of the Board of Managers will be determined by majority vote, with the managers appointed by each company having voting power in proportion to such company s economic interests in NGM. Because we beneficially own less than a majority of the ownership and governance interests in NGM, we have limited control of NGM s operations, and we depend on Barrick to operate NGM. In the event that Barrick has interests, objectives and incentives with respect to NGM that differ from our own, there can be no assurance that we will be able to resolve such disagreement in our favor. On January 26, 2026, we informed Barrick and the NGM Board of Managers that we had identified evidence of mismanagement at NGM, including diversion of resources from NGM to the benefit of Barrick s wholly-owned property Fourmile and Barrick, and that we were exercising our contractual inspection and audit rights. On February 3, 2026, we sent Barrick a notice of default under the Nevada JV Agreement related to this conduct. Although we continue to work with Barrick to improve the performance of NGM and will take appropriate steps to address this matter, any such disagreements could have a material adverse effect on our interest in NGM, the business of NGM or the portion of our growth strategy related to NGM. Newmont is also exposed to non-managed investments related to its joint venture interest in Pueblo Viejo Mine (40% owned) and Norte Abierto Project (50% owned), and NuevaUni n Project (50% owned). We also hold a 32% equity interest in Lundin Gold, a Canadian mine development and operating company, operating the Fruta del Norte gold mine in Ecuador, in addition to a variety of exploration and project joint ventures. Additionally, the Company is subject to certain funding requirements in connection with its joint ventures. Joint venture funding requirements, as well as the ability of partners to meet their financial and other obligations, may result in increases to our costs and required capital expenditures and possible delays in joint venture activities. Refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information including with respect to loan agreements with Pueblo Viejo. To the extent any of our joint ventures is subject to liabilities or litigation, we would be responsible for a proportional share of the liabilities and/or the joint venture s operations could be impacted, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial position. Our operations and business have in the past been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and may be materially and adversely impacted in the future by pandemics, epidemics and other health emergencies. The Company faces risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases, which could significantly disrupt operations and may materially and adversely affect its business and financial conditions. For example, the global COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted our operations in 2020 and 2021, and to a lesser extent in 2022. In order to protect nearby communities and align with government travel restrictions or health considerations, certain of Newmont s operations were temporarily put into care and maintenance resulting in a temporary decrease in production at these sites in 2020 and 2021. Additionally, the majority of our sites experienced pandemic-related absenteeism in 2021 and early 2022. In addition, the Company incurred costs 23 Table of Contents during 2020 and 2021 as a result of actions taken to protect against the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and comply with local mandates, and could be required to incur such costs in the future. Reductions in our operational activities due to COVID-19, or another pandemic, epidemic or health outbreak, could result in additional sites being placed into care and maintenance for extended periods of time and/or have a material adverse impact on our business, or financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If the majority of our sites are placed into care and maintenance, this could significantly reduce our cash flow and impact our ability to meet certain covenants related to our revolving credit facility and borrowing capacity. Financial Risk Increased exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations and capital controls may adversely affect Newmont s costs, earnings and the value of some of our assets. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar and the majority of our earnings and cash flows are denominated in U.S. dollars. We conduct certain business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. A portion of our operating expenses are incurred in local currencies. The appreciation of those local currencies against the U.S. dollar increases our costs of production in U.S. dollar terms at mines located outside the United States. The foreign currencies that primarily affect our results of operations are the Australian Dollar and the Canadian Dollar. Our consolidated earnings and cash flows may also be impacted by movements in the exchange rates. Change in the value of the currencies of the Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, the Mexican Peso, the Argentine Peso, the Ghana Cedi, the Papua New Guinea Kina, the Chilean Peso or the Surinamese Dollar versus the U.S. dollar could negatively impact our earnings. For information concerning the sensitivity of our Costs applicable to sales to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and more information our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, see Foreign Currency Exchange Rates section in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations. From time to time, countries in which we operate adopt measures to restrict the availability of the local currency or the repatriation of capital across borders. These measures are imposed by governments or central banks, in some cases during times of economic instability, to prevent the removal of capital or the sudden devaluation of local currencies or to maintain in-country foreign currency reserves. In addition, many emerging market countries require consents or reporting processes before local currency earnings can be converted into U.S. dollars or other currencies and/or such earnings can be repatriated or otherwise transferred outside of the operating jurisdiction. These measures may have a number of negative effects on Newmont, reducing the immediately available capital that we could otherwise deploy for investment opportunities or the payment of expenses. Measures that restrict the availability of the local currency or impose a requirement to operate in the local currency may create other practical difficulties for Newmont. For example, Argentina has been considered a hyperinflationary environment with a cumulative inflation rate of over 100% over the last three years. In recent years, Argentina s central bank enacted a number of foreign currency controls in an effort to stabilize the local currency. These restrictions directly impact the timing of Cerro Negro's ability to remit cash from gold sales and pay principal portions of intercompany debt to the Company. In addition, in recent years, PNG has experienced a backlog by foreign and domestic companies and governmental agencies to convert kina into foreign currencies. The Bank of PNG implements foreign exchange controls and manages the exchange rate of the kina against the U.S. dollar. There is a risk that further changes in foreign exchange controls may adversely impact future revenue and profitability. For more information, see Results of Consolidated Operations and Foreign Currency Exchange Rates sections in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations. See also risk factors under the headings Our operations in Argentina are susceptible to risk as a result of economic and political instability in Argentina and labor unrest , Our operations at Ahafo South and Ahafo North in Ghana are subject to political, economic, security and other risks and Our Merian operation in Suriname is subject to political, security and economic risks , Our operations at Lihir and project at Wafi-Golpu in PNG are subject to political and regulatory risks and other uncertainties and Our operations and projects Canada are subject to legal and regulatory risks and other uncertainties in connection with claims and challenges by Indigenous groups below. Future funding requirements may affect our business, our ability to pursue new business opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, pay cash dividends or engage in share repurchase transactions. Potential future investments, including projects in the Company s project pipeline, acquisitions and other investments, will require significant funds for capital expenditures. Depending on gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc prices, our operating cash flow may not be sufficient to meet all of these expenditures, or result in strategic reprioritization of the project portfolio, depending on the timing of development of these and other projects. As a result, new sources of capital may be needed to meet the funding requirements of these investments, fund our ongoing business activities, and fund construction and operation of potential future projects. Our ability to raise and service significant new sources of capital will be a function of macroeconomic conditions, future gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc prices as well as our operational performance, current cash flow and debt position, among other factors. We may determine that it may be necessary or preferable to issue additional equity or other securities, defer projects or sell assets. U.S. and global markets have, from time to time, experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic and events related to the recent and on-going conflicts (such as sanctions in Ukraine, Russia and/or Belarus), have in the past, and may in the future cause volatility and pricing in the capital markets. Additional financing may not be commercially available when needed or, if available, the terms of such financing may not be favorable to us and, if raised by offering equity securities, any additional financing may involve substantial dilution to existing stockholders. In the event of lower gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc prices, unanticipated operating or financial challenges, or new funding limitations, our ability to pursue new business 24 Table of Contents opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, fund our ongoing business activities, retire or service all outstanding debt, fund share repurchase programs and transactions and pay dividends could be significantly constrained. The Company s share repurchase program may be discontinued at any time, and the program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares of its common stock or to repurchase the full authorized amount. Consequently, the Board of Directors may revise or terminate such share repurchase authorization in the future. See also the risk factor under the heading Holders of our common stock may not receive dividends . In addition, our joint venture partners may not have sufficient funds or borrowing ability in order to make their capital commitments. In the case that our partners do not make their economic commitments, the Company may be prevented from pursuing certain development opportunities or may assume additional financial obligations, which may require new sources of capital. Our long-lived assets and goodwill could become impaired, which could have a material non-cash adverse effect on our results of operations. We review our operations for events and circumstances that could indicate that the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable. If indicators of impairment are determined to exist at our mine operations, we review the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets by estimating the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. We also review our goodwill for impairment annually and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. Management makes multiple assumptions in estimating future cash flows, which include production levels based on life of mine plans, future costs of production, estimates of future production levels based on value beyond proven and probable reserves at our operations, prices of metals, the historical experience of our operations and other factors. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating production levels of gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc and the costs to mine recoverable reserves, including many factors beyond our control that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected financial and operating results or result in future impairment charges. We may be required to recognize material non-cash charges relating to impairments of long-lived assets and/or goodwill in the future if actual results differ materially from management s estimates, which include metal prices, our ability to reduce or control production costs or capital costs through strategic mine optimization initiatives, increased costs or decreased production due to regulatory issues or if we do not realize the mineable reserves, resources or exploration potential at our mining properties. Additions to asset retirement costs could result in impairment charges. We recorded substantial goodwill, primarily as the result of our acquisition of Newcrest in 2023. We accounted for the acquisition of Newcrest using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that purchase price is allocated to the underlying tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed of Newcrest based on their respective fair market values. Any excess purchase price is allocated to goodwill. Our balance sheet reflects additions to the carrying amount of goodwill recognized in connection with the Newcrest transaction. The Company continues to evaluate strategic priorities and deployment of capital to projects in the pipeline. A decision to reprioritize, sell or abandon a development project could result in a future impairment charge. For example, in response to challenging market conditions, which included inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions, in 2023 the Company announced the deferral for at least two years of the full-funds investment decision for the Yanacocha Sulfides project in Peru. In 2025, the Company reassessed its strategy in Peru and is progressing mine closure activities while prioritizing other future development opportunities at Yanacocha ahead of any future re-evaluation of the Yanacocha Sulfides project, resulting in an indefinite deferral of the future development of this project and the impairment of the balances included in assets under construction and deferred mine development for the project. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statement for additional information. The Company also periodically updates the economic model for its Conga project to understand changes to the estimated capital costs, cash flows, and economic returns from the project. Certain decisions or changes in circumstances could result in determinations that carrying value is not recoverable and could result in impairment. See Part II, Item 7 under the heading Critical Accounting Estimates Carrying value of long-lived assets and Carrying value of Conga for additional information. If an impairment charge is incurred, such charges are not reversible at a later date even when favorable modifications to our proven and probable reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources, favorable revisions to environmental obligations, favorable changes in legislation and/or our political or economic environment, or other favorable events occur. As a result of these uncertainties, our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment, and actual results may be less favorable than estimated returns and initial financial outlook. For additional information regarding goodwill, refer to Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Our ability to recognize the benefits of deferred tax assets is dependent on future cash flows and taxable income. We recognize the expected future tax benefit from deferred tax assets when the tax benefit is considered to be more likely than not of being realized, otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied against deferred tax assets. Assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets requires management to make significant estimates related to expectations of future taxable income. Estimates of future taxable income are based on historical results of operations, forecasted cash flows from operations, and the application of existing tax laws in each jurisdiction. To the extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, our ability to realize the deferred tax assets could be impacted. In the future, our estimates could change requiring a valuation allowance or 25 Table of Contents impairment of our deferred tax assets. Additionally, future changes in tax laws could limit our ability to obtain the future tax benefits represented by our deferred tax assets. Refer to Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements under the heading Income and Mining Taxes - Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets and Note 2 under the heading Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets for additional information and factors that could impact the Company s ability to realize the deferred tax assets. For additional information regarding Newmont s non-current deferred tax assets, refer to Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Any downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could increase our future borrowing costs and adversely affect the availability of new financing. There can be no assurance that any rating currently assigned by Standard Poor s Rating Services, Moody s Investors Service, or Fitch Ratings to Newmont will remain unchanged for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered if, in that rating agency s judgment, fut