=== CNC_2026-03-26.htm.gz ===
cnc-20260326 0001071739 DEF 14A false 0001071739 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0001071739 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 cnc:LondonMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 cnc:NeidorffMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 cnc:LondonMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001071739 cnc:NeidorffMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001071739 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001071739 cnc:LondonMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001071739 cnc:NeidorffMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001071739 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001071739 cnc:LondonMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001071739 cnc:NeidorffMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001071739 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001071739 cnc:LondonMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001071739 cnc:NeidorffMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001071739 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001071739 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:PeoMember 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:PeoMember 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:PeoMember 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:PeoMember 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001071739 ecd:PeoMember 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) x Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material Under 240.14a-12 CENTENE CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): x No fee required. o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Letter to Stockholders 3 Letter to Stockholders From Our Chief Executive Officer and Our Chairman of the Board March 26, 2026 Dear Stockholders: The past year marked a period of significant change for Centene change that, while challenging, sharpened our focus and clarified our path forward. The scale and velocity of transformation across the U.S. healthcare system in 2025 shaped our financial performance and reinforced the importance of disciplined execution and operational agility as we pursue the creation of long-term shareholder value. During 2025, we faced material disruption across multiple parts of our business, including volatility in Medicaid trends and a meaningful shift in the Marketplace risk pool. We were disappointed to lower our financial outlook last July amid a seismic shift in morbidity within the broader population served by Marketplace products. These dynamics tested our assumptions and our execution, and our financial results reflected those pressures. What matters most, however, is how we responded. We closed 2025 with full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $2.08 modest compared to our outlook at the start of the year though improved execution in the fourth quarter put us slightly ahead of the expectations we provided to investors in October. When it became clear that certain programs no longer met our risk and return thresholds, we made difficult but necessary decisions to protect the long-term health of the enterprise. We acted decisively, communicated transparently, and prioritized disciplined execution over short-term growth. In doing so, we reinforced a core principle of this organization: we do what is right, not what is easy. As we move forward, Centene is a more focused company with a clearer strategic foundation. Our core businesses Medicaid, Medicare Advantage, and the Health Insurance Marketplace remain strong, differentiated platforms serving complex, high-need populations and facilitating access to healthcare for millions of Americans. We are applying the lessons of the past year to evolve how we operate these businesses, with greater rigor in pricing, risk management, and operational execution. We see significant embedded earnings power across the enterprise, and we are focused on restoring and sustaining it over time. Several priorities define this evolution. First, we are strengthening strategic agility. The healthcare landscape continues to change rapidly, and success requires the ability to adapt early and act with conviction. We are embedding more dynamic feedback loops into how we assess program performance, regulatory change, and market risk. For 2026, we updated our Marketplace go-to-market strategy to better accommodate a higher-morbidity population while positioning the company to improve profitability. Second, we are deepening operational focus. Across the enterprise, teams are simplifying processes, tightening controls, and driving consistency at scale. These efforts are improving visibility, accountability, and performance particularly in areas that directly impact medical cost management, member experience, and clinical outcomes. Since 2023, we have delivered double-digit improvements in blood pressure and diabetes control across Medicaid, Medicare, and Marketplace, along with meaningful gains in maternal and child health, including increased timeliness of prenatal care and postpartum visits. We are also strengthening service quality through disciplined execution and technology-enabled oversight: in 2025, 93.3% of 2.9 million post-call survey respondents reported satisfaction and 94.5% reported full resolution. Proxy Statement 2026 4 Letter to Stockholders Third, we are continuing to invest in modernization. Technology, data, and analytics are essential enablers of our strategy from more precise underwriting and care management to better tools for our frontline teams. These investments are deliberate and targeted, designed to strengthen core capabilities rather than add complexity. We are also deploying advanced analytics to more quickly detect and prevent fraud, waste, and abuse. For example, using a combination of data analytics and traditional investigative techniques, we identified suspicious billing patterns among laboratories in one state and took action preventing more than $38 million in likely fraudulent payments. Underlying all of this work is our culture. Even during an extraordinarily difficult year, our colleagues demonstrated resilience, integrity, and unwavering commitment to our mission. The strength of One CenTeam is not an abstraction it shows up in how challenges are surfaced, how decisions are made, and how we serve members and partners every day. Looking ahead to 2026, we expect improving fundamentals across the portfolio, including Medicaid margin stabilization, meaningful recovery in Marketplace margins, and continued progress toward breakeven in Medicare Advantage. As we enter 2026, we are positioned to deliver meaningful margin expansion and renewed adjusted diluted EPS growth. We expect full-year 2026 adjusted diluted EPS to exceed $3.00 1 , representing more than 40% year-over-year growth, an important step toward restoring the enterprise s embedded earnings power. With a more disciplined operating model and a sharpened strategic lens, we believe Centene is positioned to rebuild earnings power and deliver sustainable shareholder value over time. We are grateful for your continued support and engagement as we execute this next chapter. Our mission to transform the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time remains our north star, and we are confident in our ability to fulfill it while creating long-term value for our shareholders. Sincerely, Sarah M. London Chief Executive Officer Frederick H. Eppinger Chairman of the Board of Directors 1 Please refer to the press release filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K on February 6, 2026, for a reconciliation of GAAP diluted EPS to adjusted diluted EPS. Centene Corporation Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 5 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Time and Date Place Record Date 10:00 AM, Central Time, on Tuesday, May 12, 2026 Centene Plaza 7700 Forsyth Boulevard St. Louis, Missouri 63105 Centene Auditorium Stockholders as of March 13, 2026, are entitled to vote Voting Items Proposal Board Vote Recommendation For Further Details (1) To elect nine directors to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified; FOR each director nominee Page 23 (2) To cast a non-binding advisory vote on the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers; FOR Page 64 (3) To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026; FOR Page 109 (4) Stockholder proposal AGAINST Page 115 Stockholders will also transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or at any convening or reconvening of the Annual Meeting following a postponement or adjournment of the Annual Meeting. Stockholders or their legal proxy holders who wish to attend the Annual Meeting must preregister. Requests for preregistration must be received by us no later than 11:59 AM Eastern Time on May 8, 2026. For complete instructions for preregistering, see page 121 of this proxy statement. On or about March 26, 2026, we mailed to our stockholders either 1) a copy of our proxy statement, a proxy card and 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K or 2) a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (Availability Notice), which indicates how to access the proxy materials on the internet. We believe furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders on the internet provides our stockholders with the information they need while lowering the costs of delivery and reducing the environmental impact of the distribution process. By order of the Board of Directors, Christopher A. Koster Secretary and General Counsel St. Louis, Missouri March 26, 2026 How to Vote Internet: www.ProxyVote.com Mail QR Code Telephone: 1-800-690-6903 Mark, sign, date and promptly mail the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope Scan this QR code to vote with your mobile device Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 12, 2026 : The accompanying proxy statement and the 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K are available at www.ProxyVote.com. Proxy Statement 2026 6 Table of Contents Table of Contents Letter to Stockholders 3 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 5 Who We Are 7 Company Overview 8 2025 Financial and Business Highlights 8 Execution of Strategy 9 Our Competitive Strengths 10 Corporate Sustainability 11 Proxy Summary 14 Board Information 14 2025 Stockholder Engagement and Response 17 Governance Highlights 18 Executive Compensation Overview 19 Compensation Best Practices 21 Board and Governance Matters 23 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 23 Board Overview 24 2026 Director Nominees 28 Independence of Directors 38 Director Nomination Process 39 Stockholder Recommendations of Director Candidates 39 Corporate Governance 40 Corporate Governance Guidelines 40 Proxy Access 41 Board and Committee Structure 42 Director Engagement 48 Board Oversight of Risk Management 50 Stockholder Engagement 56 Other Governance Policies and Practices 59 Related Party Transactions 59 Compensation of Directors 60 Executive Officers 63 Proposal 2 - Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation 64 Executive Compensation 65 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 65 Compensation and Talent Committee Report 94 Executive Compensation Tables 95 Pay Versus Performance 105 CEO to Median Employee Pay Ratio Information 108 Proposal 3 - Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 109 Proposal 4 - Stockholder Proposal 115 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 118 Five Percent Beneficial Owners of Common Stock 118 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 119 Equity Compensation Plan Information 120 Commonly Asked Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting 121 Other Matters 126 Committee Reports 126 Proxy Solicitation Costs 126 Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 126 Multiple Stockholders Having the Same Address 127 Requests for Additional Information 127 Forward-Looking Statements 128 Appendix A - Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures 130 Centene Corporation Table of Contents Who We Are 7 Who We Are Based on the most recent publicly available membership data, Centene is the nation's largest Medicaid and Marketplace insurer, as well as the largest stand-alone Medicare Prescription Drug Plan (PDP) provider. Our Medicare Advantage business includes one of the highest concentrations of D-SNP members among our peers, aligned with our focus on low-income, complex populations. In addition, Centene is uniquely positioned to serve individuals who are dually eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare. #1 carrier in the nation on the Health Insurance Marketplace* #42 FORTUNE GLOBAL 500 (2025) #23 FORTUNE 500 (2025) $38.8 billion in cash and investments** $174.6 billion 2025 premium and service revenues 61,100 employees** 27.6 million members** * Based on the most recent publicly available membership data. ** As of December 31, 2025. More than 1 in 15 individuals across all 50 states Centene offers affordable and high-quality products to more than 1 in 15 individuals across the nation, including Medicaid and Medicare members (including Medicare PDP) as well as individuals and families served by the Health Insurance Marketplace. 2026 Footprint Addressing member needs through innovation Advanced Technology Systems and Tools Incentives for Healthier Living Personal Member Outreach and Support Helping Mothers and their Babies Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 8 Who We Are Company Overview Centene is a leading healthcare enterprise that is committed to helping people live healthier lives. The Company takes a local approach with local brands and local teams to provide fully integrated, high-quality and cost-effective services to government-sponsored and commercial healthcare programs, focusing on under-insured individuals. Centene offers affordable and high-quality products to more than 1 in 15 individuals across the nation, including Medicaid and Medicare members (including Medicare PDP) as well as individuals and families served by the Health Insurance Marketplace. Our mission is to transform the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time. Centene provides access to high-quality healthcare, innovative programs and a wide range of health solutions that help families and individuals get well, stay well and be well. We deliver healthcare with a personal approach, with local teams who live in, care about and directly influence the communities they serve a key differentiator in our ability to provide access to quality care for our members. Centene's Path Forward 03 02 01 Focus on Medicaid, Marketplace and Medicare, capitalizing on the significant expansion opportunities in each market Build from the strength of our market positions, evolve with the market and create significant disruptive growth by leveraging our inherent and differentiated strengths to explore logical extensions to our core lines of business Transform our business by leveraging industry-leading, mission-driven talent, and continuing to invest in our data analytics and capabilities 2025 Financial and Business Highlights Select 2025 financial and business highlights are as follows: $194.8 billion $(13.53) $2.08 Total Revenues, a 19% increase vs. 2024 Diluted Loss Per Share Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share (EPS) Medicaid Marketplace Medicare We are the largest Medicaid Managed Care Organization* We are the #1 carrier on the Health Insurance Marketplace* Our Medicare Advantage business includes one of the highest concentrations of Dual Eligible Special Needs Plans (D-SNP) members among our peers* 12.5 million members across 30 states** 5.5 million members across 29 states** 1.0 million Medicare Advantage members across 32 states and 8.1 million PDP members in 50 states** * Based on the most recent publicly available membership data. ** As of December 31, 2025. Refer to Appendix A for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures included throughout this proxy statement. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Who We Are 9 Execution of Strategy Over the last few years, we have delivered numerous accomplishments, including: $39.1 billion growth '25 vs. '22 Premium and Service Revenue 1 Investment grade rating by 2 of the 3 major rating agencies Momentum on Stars and quality Investing building in long-term growth areas and opportunities (HIDE/FIDE 5 , ICHRA) Successful management of our third-party PBM contract Ongoing SG A efficiencies , incorporating simplification of operations Team and talent successes 71.6 million shares repurchased 2 12 Divestitures USMM PANTHERx Ribera Salud Magellan Rx HealthSmart Centurion Magellan Specialty Apixio Circle Health Operose Health Collaborative Health Systems Magellan Health 4 $189 million of par value Senior Notes repurchased 3 1 Premium and Service Revenue growth based on $174.6 billion as of December 31, 2025 compared to $135.5 billion as of December 31, 2022. 2 Shares repurchased from January 2023 through December 2025. 3 Par value Senior Notes repurchased in 2025. 4 Agreement signed, subject to closing. 5 Highly Integrated Dual Eligible (HIDE) and Fully Integrated Dual Eligible (FIDE) plans. Our growth over the past decade has positioned us to be a leader in the healthcare industry and enabled the Company to stay focused on its mission while also delivering strong financial performance for its stockholders. Centene has a unique and powerful platform, and we are working to fortify its foundation to fuel our next phase of innovation and growth. We are focused on strong, long-term growth grounded in our core product lines, investing in becoming easy to work with by building modern systems and processes and curating an enhanced network of partnerships designed to drive value across our portfolio. We remain focused on our promise of delivering high-quality healthcare services on behalf of states and the federal government to under-insured families and commercial organizations. Our decades of experience and deep industry knowledge have allowed us to deliver cost-effective services to our government partners and our members. With a focus on the personalization of healthcare technology, we continue the use of data and analytics to improve the provider and member experience. We continue to believe we have both the capacity and capability to successfully navigate industry changes to the benefit of our members, customers, providers and shareholders through program and bid design, product placement and other strategic factors. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 10 Who We Are In response to the challenges faced in 2025, we have taken quick and decisive actions to restore profitability for future years, including: Led the industry in understanding the implications of the changes in morbidity of the Marketplace population that we became aware of late in the second quarter of 2025 and took corrective pricing actions for 2026 in states covering 95% of Marketplace membership. Advocated with our Medicaid state partners for increases in rates to reflect more recent experience. Strategically designed our 2026 Medicare Advantage bid and pricing strategy with a focus on profitability. Continued to advocate for healthcare affordability and access with the state and federal government partners. Our Competitive Strengths Focus and Experience. Centene was established as a Medicaid company, anchored around long-lasting, trusted relationships, with a continual focus on low-income populations. Since our founding more than 40 years ago, we have forged new paths developing innovative solutions and addressing the evolving needs of our members, earning Centene an important seat at the table and a powerful voice to shape the conversation at the state and federal level. As a result of these efforts, we are the nation's largest Medicaid and Marketplace insurer as well as the largest stand-alone PDP provider, based on the most recent publicly available membership data. Additionally, our Medicare Advantage business includes one of the highest concentrations of D-SNP members among our peers, aligned with our focus on low-income, complex populations. As states increasingly move to integrate care for individuals who are dually eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare, our expertise uniquely positions us to serve this population of 12 million beneficiaries nationwide. We are positioned at the nexus of affordability and choice, ready to meet the needs of consumers who increasingly seek innovative products like ICHRAs. Local Approach. Our local approach to delivering healthcare enables us to meet members and providers in the communities where they are to facilitate member access to high-quality, culturally sensitive healthcare services. Our programs and services are tailored to the unique individuals we serve and include a broad range of initiatives to address upstream drivers of health such as food insecurity, housing instability, unemployment and access to transportation, which contribute to health disparities among underserved communities. With local leadership engaged in all three lines of business within each health plan, we are able to translate local best practices from our Medicaid business into product development, distribution, network and pricing decisions we make for our Marketplace and Medicare businesses. We know what our customers will value because we live and work alongside them every day. Partnerships. Centene's partnership mindset allows us to design solutions for our members that integrate the most relevant, most local and most innovative capabilities in an agile and capital-efficient way. Partnership has become both a strategy and discipline: finding, measuring and maintaining the best partners over time. That includes building partnerships with the best providers for our members and investing in data and engagement models that empower them to deliver better health outcomes. For example, we entered into a partnership with the National Association of Community Health Centers to enhance value-based care adoption, further strengthening Community Health Centers' ability to deliver high-quality, patient-centered care and improve maternal child health outcomes. People. Through an intentional focus on building a One CenTeam culture, we have elevated and unleashed the power of 61,100 team members who uniquely understand how to serve our members and are committed to our mission of transforming the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Who We Are 11 Corporate Sustainability Driven by Our Commitment to Health Centene is dedicated to delivering accessible, high-quality healthcare while prioritizing partnerships with local communities to pave the way to a sustainable future. Centene s core philosophy is that quality healthcare is best delivered locally. Through local brands and local teams, we provide fully integrated, high-quality and cost-effective services to Medicaid and Medicare members (including those with Medicare PDP), as well as individuals and families served by the Health Insurance Marketplace. As we continually work to enhance care delivery for our members, our unwavering commitment lies in integrating principles of corporate responsibility and strong governance across all facets of our operations. Together, we are driving a sustainable enterprise focused on building healthy and resilient communities, establishing Centene as a preferred partner for our state and federal government customers, and empowering our employees to do their best work while delivering value for our shareholders. Together, we are shaping a future where healthcare is provided as a service to create holistic well-being for all. Corporate Sustainability Assessment and Framework We review our corporate sustainability efforts annually and conduct a formal materiality assessment at least every three years to maintain alignment with our mission and strategy. Our corporate sustainability approach is designed to support our mission and the key topics that guide our commitments in each of these areas: One CenTeam Care Where it Counts The Future of Healthcare Business Accountability and Integrity Culture, Talent and Well-being Healthcare Quality Healthcare Access and Drivers of Health Environmental Impacts on Health Community Impact Public Policy Healthcare Innovation and Thought Leadership Customer Experience and Relationship Management Governance and Accountability Environmental Sustainability Ethics and Compliance Data Privacy and Security Risk Management Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 12 Who We Are One CenTeam Our One CenTeam culture underpins our ability to make an impact and strengthening the values and behaviors that define it is an enterprise priority. We believe doing this makes us the best we can be for our members, providers and customers, and when we re united in these common values, we can make significant progress toward our mission and transform lives. Centene s culture, talent and well-being efforts are grounded in the belief that our people are central to how we deliver high-quality care. By creating an environment where people feel supported and connected, we help ensure our workforce is equipped to make a meaningful impact on the members and communities we serve. Care Where it Counts To advance our mission of transforming the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time, we work to ensure access to quality healthcare and address the social, economic and environmental factors that affect health beyond the doctor s office. These challenges are bigger than any one organization, which is why we collaborate with partners, policymakers and others across the industry to improve outcomes. Together, we re elevating quality, expanding access and addressing unmet health needs across the communities we serve. The Future of Healthcare Healthcare is changing, and we are built for evolution. Centene has a clear mission, a durable strategy and an industry-leading team that is committed to long-term success by accelerating and innovating through times of change Centene drives innovation by turning data into insights and insights into action. Through advanced technology, data analysis and clinical expertise, we identify barriers to care and create solutions that improve outcomes for our members. We are focused on delivering simpler, more connected experiences for members through personalized care, digital innovation and proactive engagement. We are also strengthening relationships with providers through responsive collaborations and streamlined interactions, supporting care coordination and improving satisfaction to ensure individuals and communities can access high-quality, coordinated care. Business Accountability and Integrity Centene is committed to operating with integrity, transparency and strong governance across all aspects of our business. We hold ourselves accountable to our stakeholders by maintaining rigorous compliance standards, proactively managing risk and building a culture that prioritizes ethical behavior and responsible decision-making. Centene manages its environmental impact with the same purpose and discipline that guides our healthcare operations. Grounded in our Environmental Guiding Principles Conserve, Clean, Contribute, Commit we focus on responsible consumption of natural resources, pursuing projects that generate positive environmental impact and measuring and disclosing our performance. These principles help us minimize our footprint and reinforce the connection between environmental stewardship and community health. We are deeply committed to integrity, ethical decision-making and regulatory compliance across all of our businesses. In 2025, Centene executed Compliance Transformation that included an enterprise-wide reorganization and the implementation of a new Compliance Operating Model. This transformation focused on ensuring the compliance program was appropriately designed and resourced to meet the expectations of government partners, improve visibility of risks and issues, streamline escalation protocols and standardize core compliance processes. Centene uses data science, AI, machine learning and advanced analytics to improve operations, enhance member experience, strengthen clinical support and reduce unnecessary costs. We ensure these tools are designed and used responsibly, prioritizing human well-being, fairness, accountability and transparency. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Who We Are 13 Additional Corporate Sustainability Information and Related Disclosures Corporate sustainability information and related disclosures are available on our external website, including the following: Our Corporate Responsibility Report details the key partnerships, initiatives and programs that exemplify our commitment to sustainability. Visit https://investors.centene.com/sustainability. Our Political Activity Report sets forth details about political contributions, lobbying efforts and membership in industry trade associations. Visit https://investors.centene.com/governance-documents. Additional corporate sustainability information and related disclosures: We issue a Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Index (SASB Index) to provide stakeholders with disclosures aligned with the SASB Managed Care Sustainability Accounting Standard. Corporate sustainability disclosures were also included for workforce turnover and engagement. The index is available at https://www.centene.com/who-we-are/corporate-facts-reports.html. We report our environmental efforts to the CDP and publish our Environmental Guiding Principles. See https://www.centene.com/why-were-different/corporate-sustainability/healthy-environment/environmental-sustainability.html. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 14 Proxy Summary Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained in this proxy statement. It does not contain all of the information you should consider. You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. Please see the Questions and Answers section beginning on page 121 for important information about proxy materials, voting, the annual meeting, Company documents and communications. 1 PROPOSAL Election of Directors The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee. See page 23 Board Information Director Nominees The following table provides summary information about each of the nine director nominees. Director Since Committee Memberships Name and Primary (or Former) Occupation Age Other Public Boards ACC CTC GC QC Jessica L. Blume Retired Vice Chairman of Deloitte LLP 71 2018 Publix Super Markets, Inc. 1 Kenneth A. Burdick Executive Chairman of National Veterinary Associates; Chairman of LifeStance Health Group, Inc.; Former Executive Vice President of Products and Markets of Centene Corporation 67 2022 LifeStance Health Group, Inc. Christopher J. Coughlin Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tyco International Ltd. 73 2022 H. James Dallas Former Senior Vice President, Quality and Operations, Medtronic Public Limited Company 67 2020 KeyCorp Frederick H. Eppinger Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of Stewart Information Services Company 67 2006 Stewart Information Services Company Monte E. Ford Principal Partner, Chief Information Officer Strategy Exchange 66 2022 Akamai Technologies, Inc. Iron Mountain, Inc. Jet Blue Airways Corporation Sarah M. London Chief Executive Officer of Centene Corporation 45 2021 Theodore R. Samuels Former President, Capital Guardian Trust Company 71 2022 Bristol Myers Squibb Company Iron Mountain, Inc. Kenneth Y. Tanji Former Chief Financial Officer, Prudential Financial, Inc. 60 2025 The Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc. Putnam Mutual Funds 1 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Act. ACC = Audit and Compliance Committee GC = Governance Committee Chair Independent CTC = Compensation and Talent Committee QC = Quality Committee Member Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proxy Summary 15 Director Nominee Snapshot Age 40's 70's 60's Independence 7 Independent 2 Non-Independent Attributes 5 Diverse 4 Non-Diverse Tenure 0-2 Years 6+ Years 3-5 Years Director Tenure and Commitment to Refreshment In response to feedback from our stockholders, we have made significant refreshments to our Board resulting in a current median tenure of less than 5 years. In addition, our Board has a mandatory retirement age for non-management directors of 75 years and we have established a targeted period of seven years as a maximum tenure of a committee chairman. During 2023, we conducted a Board composition assessment and engaged with our third-party director search firm to conduct an evergreen director recruiting process in 2024 and 2025. Through that process, Mr. Tanji was appointed as a director in February 2025. In 2026, we have engaged another director search firm to recruit additional board candidates. We believe our mix of director tenures, with our chairman serving for almost 20 years, and six members serving for less than five years, provides a desirable balance of knowledge continuity and director refreshment. Our three directors that have over six years of service with the Board provide insight into institutional knowledge and lessons learned from prior periods of corporate and industry changes. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 16 Proxy Summary Qualifications and Experience Below we identify and describe the key experience, qualifications and skills our directors bring to the Board that are important considering the Company's business and structure. Leadership (9/9) Healthcare and Insurance (9/9) Technology (5/9) Business Development and Corporate Transactions (9/9) Finance and Accounting (7/9) Public Company Board and Governance (9/9) Regulated Industry (9/9) Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement (9/9) Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proxy Summary 17 2025 Stockholder Engagement and Response We believe that engaging with stockholders is fundamental to the Company's success and our commitment to good governance. Since our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, a combination of management and independent directors met with Centene stockholders as well as the leading proxy advisory firms to discuss governance-related topics. Feedback received from these discussions, as well as a review of feedback from previous years, has helped guide changes to our governance practices and our executive compensation program and further improve our sustainability disclosures and practices. Beyond our governance-focused engagement, our investor relations team and members of our senior management team, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, regularly communicate with investors in connection with quarterly earnings calls, investor and industry conferences, analyst meetings and individual discussions with stockholders. Engaging with our stockholders remains a high priority, and our disclosures in this year's proxy statement directly reflect stockholder feedback. See page 56 for additional information regarding our stockholder engagement efforts. Our governance-focused engagement efforts are summarized below: Who We Engaged Proactively reached out to stockholders representing: of our outstanding shares Including 14 institutional investors Met with stockholders representing: of our outstanding shares Including 3 institutional investors Company Representatives Chief Accounting Officer General Counsel Head of Investor Relations Head of Total Rewards Topics Discussed Executive Compensation Board Culture and Refreshment Leadership Transitions Quality Improvement Corporate Sustainability Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 18 Proxy Summary Governance Highlights In light of the positive stockholder feedback we have received in connection with our enhancements to our governance, we have continued the following: Stockholder Rights Annual Election of Directors Majority Voting Uncontested Director Elections Directors Can Be Removed With or Without Cause "Proxy Access" Right for Stockholders 10% of Shares Can Call a Special Meeting Stockholders Can Act by Written Consent No Supermajority Vote Provisions No Stockholder Rights Plan or "Poison Pill" Board Practices Commitment to Board Refreshment 78% of Board Independent Non-Executive, Independent Chairman Robust Board Evaluation Process Active Stockholder Engagement Mandatory Retirement Age of 75 Limits on Public Company Directorships Continuing Education for Directors Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proxy Summary 19 2 PROPOSAL Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 64 Executive Compensation Overview The 2025 plan design and awards resulted in the following pay elements and average target pay mix for our CEO and other NEOs: 2025 Pay Elements CEO Other NEOs Award Type Mix Metrics Purpose Base Salary To recognize individual contribution, time in role, scope of responsibility, leadership skills and experience. Cash Annual Cash Incentive Plan Adjusted Diluted EPS (60%) Organic Premium Service Revenue Growth (20%) Quality Strategic Goals (20%) To reward executives for performance on key financial and operational measures, factoring in individual contributions toward enterprise goals. Cash Long-Term Incentive Awards Relative TSR (25%) Medicare breakeven by 2027 (25%) Average Adjusted Pre-Tax Earnings Margins (50%) To retain and motivate executives to drive long-term stockholder value and align their actions to drive successful business outcomes. Equity PSUs (60%) RSUs (40%) Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 20 Proxy Summary 2025 Annual Cash Incentive Plan Results Metrics Threshold Target Maximum Result Weighting Weighted Payout % Adjusted Diluted EPS 1 '= -% '= -% Organic Premium Service Revenue Growth 200% 40% Quality Strategic Goals 158% 31.6% 71.6% 1 Refer to Appendix A for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures included throughout this proxy statement. 2023 - 2025 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Results Metrics Threshold Target Maximum Weight Weighted Metric Performance Weighted Vesting % Adjusted Pre-Tax Earnings Growth Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) 1 34 % % % 2025 Adjusted Net Earnings Margin 2 33 % % % Peer Group Relative TSR Percentile Rank 33 % % % % 1 The 3-Year CAGR is calculated using adjusted pre-tax net earnings of $1.3 billion and $4.3 billion for December 31, 2025 and 2022, respectively. Refer to Appendix A for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures included throughout this proxy statement. 2 The adjusted net earnings margin as of December 31, 2025 is derived from adjusted net earnings of $1.0 billion divided by premium and service revenues of $174.6 billion. Refer to Appendix A for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures throughout this proxy statement. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proxy Summary 21 Compensation Best Practices The Compensation and Talent Committee establishes and administers the executive compensation philosophy and program and assists the Board of Directors in the development and oversight of all aspects of executive compensation. Presented in the table below are highlights of our compensation practices: What We Do Pay for Performance A majority of our NEOs' compensation is tied to performance with clearly articulated financial and other performance goals. Annual Compensation Risk Assessment We regularly analyze risks related to our compensation program and we conduct broad risk assessments. Competitive Compensation Each component of the NEOs' annual total direct compensation is generally targeted at the 50th percentile of peer group compensation. The Compensation and Talent Committee may consider differences from the median in certain cases. Stock Ownership Requirements We maintain rigorous stock ownership requirements for our directors, executives and other members of senior management. Our CEO's requirement is 6x annual base pay; other NEOs' requirements are 3x annual base pay. Performance-Based Long-Term Incentive Awards We reward continuous performance on multiple metrics and vest at the end of a three-year period. Clawbacks We can recover performance-based cash and equity incentive compensation paid to executives in various circumstances. Formula-Based Annual Incentive Plan Awards under the Annual Cash Incentive plan are formula based. Independent Compensation Consultant The Compensation and Talent Committee retains an independent compensation consultant to advise the committee on executive compensation matters. Tally Sheets Tally sheets for each NEO are reviewed annually. Executive Severance Arrangements The Compensation and Talent Committee reviews severance policies annually and limits the usage of one-off arrangements. What We Don't Do No Excessive Risk-Taking The long-term incentive plans use multiple performance measures, capped payouts and other features intended to minimize the incentive to take overly risky actions. No Backdating or Repricing of Stock Options Stock options are never backdated or issued with below-market exercise prices. Repricing of stock options without stockholder approval is expressly prohibited. No Tax Gross-Ups There are no tax "gross-ups" for perquisites or excise tax gross-ups in the event of a change of control related termination. No Hedging or Pledging Directors and executives are prohibited from hedging, pledging or engaging in any derivatives trading with respect to Company stock. No Single-Trigger Employment Agreements Any cash payments in executive employment agreements are subject to a "double-trigger" change in control condition. No Single-Trigger Stock Grants Equity compensation awards are subject to a "double-trigger" change in control condition. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 22 Proxy Summary 3 PROPOSAL Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 109 KPMG LLP audited our financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. The Audit and Compliance Committee has appointed KPMG LLP to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for the current fiscal year, and we are asking stockholders to ratify this appointment. KPMG LLP has been retained as our external auditor continuously since 2005. 4 PROPOSAL Stockholder Proposal The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal. See page 115 Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 23 Board and Governance Matters 1 PROPOSAL Election of Directors The first proposal on the agenda for the meeting is the election of 9 nominees to serve for a one-year term beginning at the meeting and ending at our 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Board has nominated Jessica Blume, Kenneth Burdick, Christopher Coughlin, James Dallas, Frederick Eppinger, Monte Ford, Sarah London, Theodore Samuels and Kenneth Tanji for re-election to the Board. We expect that all nominees will be able to serve if elected. If any of them are not able to serve, proxies may be voted for a substitute nominee or nominees or the Board may choose to reduce the size of the Board. The Board believes the election of these 9 nominees is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders and recommends a vote "FOR" the election of the 9 nominees. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 24 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Board Overview Director Qualifications We believe that our directors should understand the wide range of populations we serve and possess the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values and be committed to representing the interests of our stockholders. They must also have an inquisitive and objective perspective, practical wisdom, mature judgment and demonstrated leadership skills. We also endeavor to have a Board of Directors representing a range of experiences in areas that are relevant to the Company's business activities. Below we identify and describe the key experience, qualifications and skills criteria we believe are important for our Board of Directors, as a whole, to possess. These are the criteria our Governance Committee considers when evaluating director nominees. Leadership Experience We believe that directors with experience in significant leadership positions over an extended period, especially chief executive officers, chief financial officers and other senior executives, provide the Company with valuable insights and strategic thinking. These individuals generally possess extraordinary leadership qualities and the ability to identify and develop those qualities in others. They demonstrate a practical understanding of organizations, processes, strategy, risk management and the methods to drive change and growth. Finance and Accounting Experience We believe that directors with experience in public accounting, investment banking and financial services companies possess an understanding of finance and the financial reporting process with which to manage our business. We measure our operating and strategic performance by reference to financial targets. In addition, accurate financial reporting and robust auditing are critical to our success and developing stockholders' confidence in our reporting processes under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Healthcare and Insurance Industry Experience Our industry is complex and rapidly evolving. Healthcare and insurance industry experience includes expertise with healthcare operations, healthcare technology, insurance and other experience. Directors with industry experience help the Company stay abreast of industry best practices and innovations and help us to benchmark our practices against those of our competitors. Corporate Sustainability Experience and Community Involvement As a corporate citizen, we believe that sustainable operations are both financially and operationally beneficial to our business, and critical to the health of our employees and the communities in which we operate. We seek directors with experience in building strong environmental, labor, health safety and ethical practices. Information Technology and Security Experience Because effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of data we use to serve our customers and healthcare professionals are integral to the operation of our business, and because technology plays a central role in healthcare, including the diagnosis, management and treatment of disease, we seek directors with experience in relevant technology and who have experience managing cybersecurity and information security risks. Public Company Board and Governance Experience Directors with public company board experience understand the dynamics and operation of a corporate board, the relationship of a public company board to the Chief Executive Officer and other senior management personnel, the legal and regulatory landscape in which public companies must operate, the importance of particular agenda and oversight issues and how to oversee an ever-changing mix of strategic, operational and compliance-related matters. Business Development and Corporate Transactions Part of the Company's strategy includes taking advantage of opportunities when they arise to grow the Company consistent with its focus on its core business lines. Directors with experience in business development and corporate transactions provide oversight to assist the Company in evaluating the financial and operational aspects of such opportunities, enabling the Company to maintain its competitive position. Regulated Industry Experience in highly-regulated industries, such as healthcare, finance, airline transportation and public utilities help the Company navigate the complex regulatory and public policy issues that arise. Such experience also assists the Company to adapt to the changing regulatory environment. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 25 Background Experience Below we identify and describe the key experience, qualifications and skills our directors bring to the Board that are important considering the Company's business and structure. Leadership Finance and Accounting Experience Healthcare and Insurance Industry Experience Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement Technology Public Company Board and Governance Experience Business Development and Corporate Transactions Regulated Industry Jessica L. Blume Kenneth A. Burdick Christopher J. Coughlin H. James Dallas Frederick H. Eppinger Monte E. Ford Sarah M. London Theodore R. Samuels Kenneth Y. Tanji Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 26 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Board Refreshment In making its recommendations to our Board, the Governance Committee considers the qualifications of individual director candidates applying the director criteria described above. We believe a range of backgrounds, viewpoints and experiences ensures different perspectives are heard and considered and assists our Board in reaching the best decisions for our Company and the members we serve. Age 40's 70's 60's Independence 7 Independent 2 Non-Independent Attributes 5 Diverse 4 Non-Diverse Tenure 0-2 Years 6+ Years 3-5 Years Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 27 Commitment to Investor Engagement and Overview of Responsive Actions We continue to make enhancements to our governance and compensation practices in response to stockholder feedback. Below we summarize key stockholder feedback the Company has received from investors and the highlights of actions the Company took in response to feedback received. HISTORY OF PROACTIVELY RESPONDING TO STOCKHOLDER FEEDBACK TO HELP ENSURE BEST-IN-CLASS GOVERNANCE, COMPENSATION, AND DISCLOSURE PRACTICES Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 28 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 2026 Director Nominees We have 9 nominees for the Board of Directors, all of whom serve on our current Board of Directors. We expect that all nominees will be able to serve if elected. If elected, each nominee would hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until his or her respective successor is elected and qualified or until the earlier of his or her death, removal or resignation. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, any director nominee who receives a greater number of votes "against" his or her election than votes "for" such election shall, promptly following certification of the stockholder vote, offer his or her resignation to the Board. The resignation offer shall be in writing and shall be an irrevocable resignation offer pending acceptance or rejection by the Board. The Governance Committee shall consider the resignation offer and make a recommendation to the Board. In deciding the action to be taken with respect to any such resignation offer, the Board shall consider what it believes is in the best interests of Centene and its stockholders. In this regard, the Board will consider all factors it deems relevant. An accepted resignation offer will become effective immediately upon acceptance or upon such other time as determined by the Board. The Board's decision shall be made within 90 days of the certification of election results. The decision, and an explanation of the decision, shall be disclosed as soon as practicable by press release or Form 8-K. Information about these nominees, including their ages at the date of this proxy statement and the year in which they first became directors are summarized below. The Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that each of the nominees, other than Mr. Burdick and Ms. London, is independent from the Company and its management under the New York Stock Exchange's (NYSE) independence standards. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 29 Jessica L. Blume | 71 Retired Vice Chairman of Deloitte LLP Director Since: February 2018 Independent Yes Board Committees Audit and Compliance; Governance (Chair) Current Directorships Publix Super Markets, Inc. Prior Directorships None EXPERIENCE: Deloitte LLP , a leading PCAOB registered public accounting firm. Vice Chairman (2012 to 2015) Partner (1989 to 2015) Prior to Deloitte, she served as Chief Financial Officer for one of the largest US local governments. Bachelor of Science from the University of Central Florida Former CPA SKILLS AND REASONS FOR NOMINATION: Leadership Experience Three years as Vice Chairman of Deloitte LLP. 26 year career with Deloitte included service on the firm's US Executive Committee and Board of Directors, as the Chair of the Executive Compensation and Evaluation Committee, as a member of the Finance, Governance, Strategic Investment and Risk Committees. Finance and Accounting Experience Ms. Blume served at Deloitte as a licensed CPA, and she served as CFO for one of the largest US local governments. In addition, she currently serves on the audit committee of another company with SEC-registered securities. Healthcare and Insurance While at Deloitte, led consulting relationships for healthcare and insurance companies. Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement Established and managed Deloitte's sustainability practice. Serves on the Board of University of Central Florida Foundation; Member of International Women's Forum and Women Corporate Directors. Technology Deloitte consulting practice included implementing large technology initiatives, including state Medicaid eligibility systems and large enterprise systems. Public Company Board and Governance Service on the Board of Directors of Deloitte LLP and Publix Super Markets, with SEC-registered securities. Business Development and Corporate Transactions While at Deloitte, Ms. Blume led several large-scale business transformations, including the reintegration of Deloitte Consulting with the Deloitte US Firm. Regulated Industry While at Deloitte, led consulting relationships with federal and state governments and in a variety of regulated industries, including healthcare and insurance companies. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 30 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Kenneth A. Burdick | 67 Executive Chairman of National Veterinary Associates; Chairman of LifeStance Health Group, Inc.; Former Executive Vice President of Products and Markets of Centene Corporation Director Since: January 2022 Independent No Board Committees Quality (Chair) Current Directorships LifeStance Health Group, Inc. Prior Directorships WellCare Health Plans, Inc. Orion Acquisition Corporation First Horizon National Corporation EXPERIENCE: National Veterinary Associates , a private veterinary health company. Executive Chairman (2025 to present) LifeStance Health, Inc. , a Nasdaq-listed public company specializing in outpatient mental healthcare. Chairman (2026 to present) Executive Chairman (2025 to 2026) Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (2022 to 2025) Centene Corporation Executive Vice President of Markets and Products (2020 to 2021) WellCare Health Plans, Inc. , a NYSE-listed public company providing government-sponsored healthcare programs. Chief Executive Officer and Director (2015 to 2020) Other positions of increasing responsibility, including President and Chief Operating Officer (2014 to 2015) Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota , commercial health insurance plans. President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (2012) Coventry Health Care, Inc. , a NYSE-listed public company providing government-sponsored healthcare programs. Chief Executive Officer of the Medicaid and Behavioral Health businesses (2010 to 2012) UnitedHealth Group, Inc. , a NYSE-listed public company health insurer. Chief Executive Officer of Secured Horizons (Medicare division of UnitedHealthcare) (2008 to 2009) Other positions of increasing responsibility, including Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare (1995 to 2008) Bachelor of Arts from Amherst College Juris Doctorate from the University of Connecticut SKILLS AND REASONS FOR NOMINATION: Leadership Experience Over 30 years of healthcare executive and operations experience, including prior roles as a Fortune 500 public-company chief executive officer and board member. Finance and Accounting Experience In roles as a chief executive officer, supervision of the accounting and financial reporting functions. Healthcare and Insurance Over 30 years of healthcare executive experience, including at LifeStance, Centene and WellCare Health Plans. Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement Service as a director of Big Brothers, Big Sisters, Tampa General Hospital and in his roles as a chief executive officer, supervision of the sustainability functions. Technology In roles as a healthcare executive, supervisor of the technology functions and the implementation of large technology initiatives. Public Company Board and Governance Service on the Board of Directors of WellCare Health Plans, First Horizon National Corporation and LifeStance Health Group. Business Development and Corporate Transactions While at WellCare, Mr. Burdick supervised the acquisition of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. by Centene Corporation, and the acquisition by WellCare of Universal American, among others, resulting in the growth of the Company during his tenure. Regulated Industry Executive experience at healthcare companies, as well as a director of a financial institution. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 31 Christopher J. Coughlin | 73 Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tyco International Ltd. Director Since: January 2022 Independent Yes Board Committees Audit and Compliance; Compensation and Talent (Chair) Current Directorships None Prior Directorships Allergan plc Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Covidien plc Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Perrigo Company Prestige Consumer Healthcare, Inc. Karuna Therapeutics, Inc. Hologic Inc. Dun Bradstreet Corp. Forest Laboratories, LLC Interpublic Group of Companies Monsanto Company EXPERIENCE: Tyco International Ltd. , a NYSE-listed public manufacturing, healthcare and security systems company. Senior Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer and member of Board of Directors (2010 to 2012) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2005 to 2010) Interpublic Group of Companies , a NYSE-listed public multimedia company. Chief Operating Officer (2003 to 2004) Chief Financial Officer (2003 to 2004) Pharmacia Corporation , a NYSE-listed public pharmaceuticals company. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (1998 to 2003) Received a Bachelor of Science from Boston College SKILLS AND REASONS FOR NOMINATION: Leadership Experience Over 40 years of executive, financial and accounting experience, including prior roles as a Fortune 500 public-company chief financial officer and board member. Finance and Accounting Experience In roles as a chief financial officer, supervision of the accounting and financial reporting functions. Healthcare and Insurance Over 40 years of healthcare and insurance experience, including at Pharmacia and Tyco International. Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement In his roles as a chief financial officer and public company director, supervision of the sustainability functions. Public Company Board and Governance Over 30 years of service at 10 different public companies. Named a 2022 Director of the Year by the New Jersey Chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) and named the NACD Corporate Director of the Year in 2015. Business Development and Corporate Transactions While at Tyco, he was instrumental in turning the company around after a management and financial scandal and ultimately separated it into six separate public companies. Significant experience both as an executive and a board member in numerous large mergers and acquisition transactions. Regulated Industry Executive experience at pharmaceutical and manufacturing companies. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 32 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors H. James Dallas | 67 Former Senior Vice President, Quality and Operations, Medtronic Public Limited Company Director Since: January 2020 Independent Yes Board Committees Audit and Compliance; Quality Current Directorships KeyCorp Prior Directorships WellCare Health Plans, Inc. Strategic Education, Inc. Capella Education Company EXPERIENCE: Independent Consultant Focusing on change management, information technology strategy and risk (2013 to present) Medtronic Plc , a NYSE-listed global medical technology company. Senior Vice President of Quality and Operations (2011 to 2013) Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer (2006 to 2011) Georgia-Pacific Corporation , a NYSE-listed public company which manufactures tissue, pulp, paper, packaging, building products and related chemicals. Vice President and Chief Information Officer (2002 to 2006) President, Lumber Division and other roles of increasing responsibility (1984 to 2002) Bachelor of Science from the University of South Carolina - Aiken Master of Business Administration from Emory University SKILLS AND REASONS FOR NOMINATION: Leadership Experience Over 40 years of executive and information technology experience, including prior roles as a Fortune 500 public-company chief information officer. Healthcare and Insurance Prior service as director WellCare Health Plans, Inc. and continued service as a director of healthcare provider Grady Memorial Hospital Corporation. Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement Service as a director of the Atlanta Food Bank, Atlanta Habitat for Humanity and Grady Memorial Hospital Corporation, the public hospital for the city of Atlanta. Technology In roles as a chief information officer, in-depth knowledge of enterprise change management, operational risk management, information technology, information technology security and data privacy. Public Company Board and Governance Over 15 years of service as a director at five different public companies. Business Development and Corporate Transactions As a director, he participated in the acquisition of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. by Centene and Capella Education Company by Strategic Education, Inc. Successful implementation of more than 10 transformational and turnaround initiatives, 30 acquisition integrations, five operations/quality shared services centers and three innovation centers. Regulated Industry Executive experience at manufacturing, medical technology companies and director experience at a bank. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 33 Frederick H. Eppinger | 67 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of Stewart Information Services Company Director Since: April 2006 Independent Yes Board Committees Compensation and Talent; Quality Current Directorships Stewart Information Services Company Prior Directorships The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. QBE Insurance Group Ltd. EXPERIENCE: Stewart Information Services Company , a NYSE-listed global real estate services and title insurance company. Chief Executive Officer (2019 to present) Director (2016 to present) The Hanover Insurance Group , a NYSE-listed property and casualty insurance company. Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (2003 to 2016) Hartford Financial Service Group , a NYSE-listed investment and insurance company. Executive Vice President of Property and Casualty Field and Service Operations (2001 to 2003) Channel Point , a business-to-business technology firm for insurance companies. Executive Vice President of Industry Services, Marketing and Service Operations (2000 to 2001) McKinsey Co. , a global management consultancy firm. Senior Director and Partner (1985 to 2000) Coopers Lybrand , an accounting firm. Accountant Bachelor of Arts from the College of the Holy Cross Master of Business Administration from the Tuck School of Business Administration at Dartmouth College SKILLS AND REASONS FOR NOMINATION: Leadership Experience Over 20 years of executive experience, including prior roles as a Fortune 500 public-company chief executive officer. Finance and Accounting Experience In roles as a chief executive officer, supervision of the accounting and financial reporting functions. He began his career as an accountant with Coopers Lybrand. Healthcare and Insurance More than 35 years of experience in the insurance industry. His service at McKinsey included work in insurance, financial services and health practices. Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement In his role as a chief executive officer, supervision of the sustainability function, corporate giving and charitable foundations. Public Company Board and Governance Over 20 years of service as a director at three different US public companies. He also served as a director of QBE Insurance Group Ltd, which is listed on the Australian stock exchange. Business Development and Corporate Transactions As chief executive officer of Hanover Insurance, Mr. Eppinger led the company's growth from its regional status to a global property/casualty carrier. Regulated Industry More than 35 years of experience in the insurance industry. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 34 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Monte E. Ford | 66 Principal Partner, Chief Information Officer Strategy Exchange Director Since: November 2022 Independent Yes Board Committees Compensation and Talent; Quality Current Directorships JetBlue Airways Corporation Iron Mountain Inc. Akamai Technologies, Inc. Prior Directorships Health Care Service Corporation (HCSC) MoneyGram International, Inc. Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC Meta Group Michael's Stores EXPERIENCE: CIO Strategy Exchange (CIOSE) , a leading cross-industry consortium of Chief Information Officers from many of the world's largest companies. Principal Partner (2015 to present) Aptean Inc. , an ERP software and technology company. Chief Executive Officer (2012 to 2013) American Airlines, Inc. , a NYSE-listed public airline company. Chief Information Officer (2000 to 2012) Associates First Capital , a financial services company. President, Associates Services Corporation (1997 to 2000) Chief Information Officer (1994 to 2000) Bank of Boston , a regional bank. Senior Vice President (1990 to 1994) Digital Equipment Corporation , a NYSE-listed public computer manufacturer. Various senior sales, marketing and technology positions (1982 to 1990) Bachelor of Science from Northeastern University SKILLS OR REASONS FOR NOMINATION: Leadership Experience Over 40 years of senior executive and information technology experience, including prior roles as a Fortune 100 public-company chief information officer. Healthcare and Insurance Prior service as director of Health Care Service Corporation, a commercial health insurance provider, and as a director of Baylor Grapevine Hospital and a director of Children's Hospital, Dallas. Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement Oversight of sustainability as a director for a combined 15 years at both a large electric utility and a large data center company. Technology In roles as a chief information officer, in-depth knowledge of consumer technologies, enterprise change management, information technology, information technology, security and data privacy. Public Company Board and Governance Over 23 years of service as a director at 7 different public companies and several private companies, including Michael's Stores, Inc. Business Development and Corporate Transactions Executive responsible for M A Integration at American Airlines, Associates First Capital and Bank of Boston. Closed several acquisitions as chief executive officer of a technology company. Extensive successful sales and marketing background. Regulated Industry Executive experience in the airline and financial services industries as well as director experience at a financial institution, electric utility, healthcare insurer and healthcare providers. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 35 Sarah M. London | 45 Chief Executive Officer of Centene Corporation Director Since: September 2021 Independent No Board Committees None Current Directorships None Prior Directorships None EXPERIENCE: Centene Corporation Chief Executive Officer (March 2022 to present) Vice Chairman (September 2021 to March 2022) President, Health Care Enterprises and Executive Vice President, Advanced Technology (March 2021 to September 2021) Senior Vice President, Technology and Modernization (September 2020 to March 2021) Optum Ventures , a division of UnitedHealth Group, a NYSE-listed health insurance company. Senior Principal and Operating Partner (May 2018 to March 2020) Optum Analytics , a division of UnitedHealth Group, a NYSE-listed health insurance company. Chief Product Officer (March 2016 to May 2018) Vice President, Client Management and Operations (March 2014 to March 2016) Bachelor of Arts from Harvard College Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business SKILLS AND REASONS FOR NOMINATION: Leadership Experience Over 10 years of executive experience, including four years as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Finance and Accounting Experience In her role as Chief Executive Officer, supervision of the accounting and financial reporting functions. She has executed on a disciplined strategy of cost savings and gross margin expansion. Healthcare and Insurance More than 10 years of experience in the healthcare industry. Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement In her role as Chief Executive Officer, supervision of the Company's sustainability initiatives as well as service as a director of the Centene Foundation. Technology Her roles in healthcare technology companies as well as Chief Executive Officer of Centene have provided her with in-depth knowledge of enterprise change management and information technology business needs and solutions. Public Company Board and Governance Over four years of service as a director of Centene. Business Development and Corporate Transactions In her role as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, supervision of 11 divestitures and the Express Scripts, Inc. (ESI) PBM implementation. Regulated Industry More than 10 years of experience in the healthcare industry. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 36 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Theodore R. Samuels | 71 Former President, Capital Guardian Trust Company Director Since: January 2022 Independent Yes Board Committees Compensation and Talent; Governance Current Directorships Bristol Myers Squibb Iron Mountain, Inc. Prior Directorships Stamps.com Perrigo Company, plc. EXPERIENCE: Capital Guardian Trust Company , part of the Capital Group, an investment manager. President (2010 to 2017) Investor and Global Equity Portfolio Manager (1981 to 2016) Capital Group Finance Committee (2013 to 2016) Capital Group Board (2005 to 2009) Numerous Investment and Management Committees (1981 to 2017) Bachelor of Arts from Harvard College Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School SKILLS AND REASONS FOR NOMINATION: Leadership Experience Over 35 years of executive experience, including as President of Capital Guardian Trust Company. While at Capital Group he served on numerous management and investment committees, with an eye towards long-term stockholder value creation. Finance and Accounting Experience Over 35 years of experience in the financial industry with extensive expertise, particularly with respect to economics, capital markets and investment decision making. Healthcare and Insurance Over nine years of service on the boards of pharmaceutical, life science and healthcare consumer products companies, and sixteen years of service on the boards of Children's Hospital Los Angeles and seven years of service on the board of BJC Healthcare Systems. Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement Serves as a director of BJC Healthcare System, and a trustee for the Edward Mallinckrodt, Jr. Foundation and served on the board of the John Burroughs School and as a director for Children's Hospital Los Angeles. Public Company Board and Governance Nine years of service as a director with five different public companies and various private companies. Business Development and Corporate Transactions While at Capital group he served on numerous management and investment committees, focused on long-term stockholder value creation. As a director of numerous public companies, evaluated business development opportunities, corporate transactions and integration of acquisitions. Regulated Industry More than 35 years of experience in the financial services industry and service as a director on boards of hospitals, pharmaceutical, life science and healthcare consumer product companies. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 37 Kenneth Tanji | 60 Former Chief Financial Officer, Prudential Financial, Inc. Director Since: February 2025 Independent Yes Board Committees Audit and Compliance (Chair); Governance Current Directorships The Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc Putnam Mutual Funds Prior Directorships None EXPERIENCE: Prudential Financial, Inc ., a NYSE-listed international financial services firm. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2018 to 2024) Senior Vice President and Treasurer (2013 to 2018) Chief Financial Officer, International Insurance (2010 to 2013) Chief Financial Officer, Prudential Annuities (2006 to 2010) Chief Financial Officer, Prudential Investment Management (2004 to 2006) Vice President of Finance, Investment Division (2002 to 2004) Senior Vice President, Prudential Securities (1994 to 2002) Various roles of increasing importance, including healthcare insurance (1988 to 1994) Bachelor of Arts from Yale University Master of Business Administration from University of Minnesota SKILLS AND REASONS FOR NOMINATION: Leadership Experience Over 35 years of executive, financial and accounting experience, including prior roles as a Fortune 500 public-company chief financial officer. Finance and Accounting Experience Significant experience in internal controls, capital markets, corporate governance, risk management and strategic planning from both an insurance company and public accounting perspective. Healthcare and Insurance Previously chief financial officer of a large insurance company. Corporate Sustainability and Community Involvement In his roles as a chief financial officer and public company director, he supervised sustainability. He also serves as a director of various community boards. Public Company Board and Governance Over two years of service as a director for a public utility company. Business Development and Corporate Transactions In his role as chief financial officer of Prudential Financial, Inc., he led corporate development in evaluating and executing strategies to optimize business profile and mix. Through his experience at Prudential, he led several significant business acquisitions and dispositions. Regulated Industry Executive experience in the insurance industry and as a director of a public utility company. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 38 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Independence of Directors In accordance with the NYSE's listing requirements, the Board has evaluated, for each of the director nominees, his or her independence from the Company and its management. In its evaluation, the Board reviewed whether any transactions or relationships exist currently, or existed during the past three years, when relevant, between each nominee and the Company or its subsidiaries, affiliates or independent auditors. The Board also examined whether there were any transactions between each nominee and members of the senior management of the Company or their affiliates. Based on this review and the NYSE's definition of "independence," the Board has affirmatively determined that all director nominees are and all directors who served during 2025 were independent as defined under the rules of the NYSE, except for Ms. London due to her current employment by the Company and Mr. Burdick due to his related party transaction. As disclosed under "Related Party Transactions," Mr. Burdick was the executive chairman of LifeStance Health Group, Inc. until March 14, 2026, to which the Company has made payments. The independent directors currently are Ms. Blume, Mr. Coughlin, Mr. Dallas, Mr. Eppinger, Mr. Ford, Mr. Samuels and Mr. Tanji. The Board has also determined that each of the members of our Compensation and Talent Committee meet the enhanced independence requirements under the rules of the NYSE. The Board has also determined that each of the members of our Audit and Compliance Committee is "independent" for purposes of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the NYSE's listing requirements, and that each of Ms. Blume, Mr. Coughlin, and Mr. Tanji is an "audit committee financial expert" as that term is defined by SEC regulations. No director or director nominee, excluding Ms. London and Mr. Burdick, has a direct or indirect material relationship with us except for their role as a director or stockholder. No director, including any director standing for election, or any associate of a director, is a party adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries in any material proceeding or has any material interest adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries. No director, including any director standing for election, is related by blood, marriage or adoption to any other director or any executive officer. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 39 Director Nomination Process In making its annual director nominations determination, the Board's objective is to recommend a group of directors that can best ensure the continuing success of our business and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment using its diversity of experience and perspectives. 01 Assess Board Composition We contracted with our search firm to provide us with a Board composition study that was presented to the Board in September 2023, which analyzed the attributes of our directors and potential refreshment possibilities to develop evaluation criteria for Board candidates. The Board and Governance Committee continue to meet with the third party search firms to prioritize the criteria for new director candidates. 02 Identify Candidate Pool When the Governance Committee recruits new director candidates, the process typically involves either a search firm or one or more members of the Governance Committee or Board reviewing potential candidates from a range of backgrounds based on the evaluation criteria developed with the search firm and contacting prospective candidates to assess interest and availability. 03 Evaluate Candidates A candidate will then meet with members of the Board, including our Chief Executive Officer. At the same time, the Governance Committee and the search firm will contact references for the candidate. A background check is completed before a final candidate recommendation is made to the Board. 04 Recommend Candidate to Board The Governance Committee recommends to the Board director candidates for nomination and election during the Annual Stockholders' Meeting or for appointment to fill vacancies. The Governance Committee works with our Board to determine the characteristics, skills and experience for the Board as a whole and its individual members with the objective of having a board with the most suitable candidates. The Board includes candidates from a broad spectrum of skills, perspectives and experience in the selection process for a director role. We engaged a third-party director search firm to conduct an evergreen recruiting process, and in connection with that, Mr. Tanji was identified and appointed to serve on the Board in February 2025. The Company has engaged another third-party director search firm to recruit additional director candidates. The Board does not believe that directors should expect to be re-nominated annually. In determining whether to recommend a director for re-election, the Governance Committee considers the director's tenure, participation in and contributions to the activities of the Board, the results of the most recent Board evaluation, meeting attendance and how the director's experience, qualifications and skills complement the experience, qualifications and skills of the Board as a whole. Stockholder Recommendations of Director Candidates Stockholders may recommend individuals to the Governance Committee for consideration as potential director candidates by submitting their names, together with appropriate biographical information and background materials to Governance Committee, c/o Corporate Secretary, Centene Corporation, 7700 Forsyth Boulevard, St. Louis, Missouri 63105. The Governance Committee will evaluate stockholder-recommended candidates by following substantially the same process and applying substantially the same criteria as it follows for candidates submitted by others. Stockholders may nominate directors by submitting the names and other relevant information on a timely basis in accordance with the procedures set forth in our By-laws, which are summarized below in "Other Matters Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations." Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 40 Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Guidelines The Governance Committee developed and recommended to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines, which the Board adopted. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines may be found on our website at www.centene.com. These guidelines include: a limitation on the number of boards on which a director may serve, qualifications for directors (including a requirement that directors be prepared to resign from the Board in the event of any significant change in their personal circumstances that could affect the discharge of their responsibilities), director orientation, continuing education and a requirement that the Board and each of its Committees perform an annual self-evaluation. Our Governance Practices We strive to implement best practices in stockholder rights and strong corporate governance policies that promote the long-term interests of stockholders, strengthen Board and management accountability and build on our sustainability leadership. We have enhanced our corporate governance framework over time based on input from our Board, stockholders and other governance experts. Our governance practices include: Boards are accountable to stockholders Boards should be responsive to stockholders and be proactive in order to understand their perspectives Annual Election of Directors. We have an unclassified Board. All directors are elected annually for one-year terms. Majority Voting Uncontested Director Elections. Any director nominee must resign if they do not receive an affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election. The Board will then determine whether to accept the resignation and disclose any decision not to accept the resignation. Removal Rights. Stockholders can remove directors with or without cause. Proxy Access. Up to 20 stockholders owning at least 3% of shares continuously for three years may nominate up to the greater of two individuals or 20% of our Board. Special Meeting Rights. Stockholders owning at least 10% of our outstanding shares have the right to call a special meeting of the stockholders. Action by Written Consent Rights. Stockholders have the right to act by written consent. No Stockholder Rights Plan. We do not have a stockholder rights plan, commonly referred to as a "poison pill." Engagement with Stockholders. Independent directors meet regularly with stockholders, including participation of independent committee chairs. Political Contributions Disclosures. We publicly disclose our political contributions and public advocacy efforts and the contributions of our federal and state political action committees. Strong Code of Conduct. Centene is committed to operating its business with the highest level of ethics and integrity and has adopted a code of conduct that apply to all directors and to all employees. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Corporate Governance 41 Boards should adopt structures and practices that enhance their effectiveness Commitment to Board Refreshment. 6 of our 9 director nominees have joined the Board in the last 5 years and have expanded the Board's scope of experience. Committee Charters. Each standing committee operates under a written charter that has been approved by the Board and is reviewed annually. Regular Review of Committee Membership. The Governance Committee annually reviews the committee membership. Independent Board. Over 75% of the director nominees are independent. Executive Sessions. Independent directors meet regularly without management and non-management directors at both full Board and committee meetings. Mandatory Retirement Age. Mandatory retirement age of 75 provides regular opportunities for Board refreshment. Limits on Public Company Directorships. To ensure directors are able to devote sufficient time and attention to their responsibilities as board members, directors may not serve on more than three boards of other public companies. Board and Committee Self-Evaluation Process. Our Board and committees conduct annual performance self-evaluations led by the chair of the Governance Committee, including one-on-one interviews. Continuing Education for Directors. The Board is regularly updated on the Company's businesses, strategies, customers, operations and employee matters, as well as external trends and issues that affect the Company. Directors also are encouraged to attend continuing education courses relevant to their service on our Board. Boards should have strong, independent leadership Stockholders should be entitled to voting rights in proportion to their economic interest Boards should develop management incentive structures that are aligned with the long-term strategy of the company Independent Board Leadership. Our Chairman of the Board is a non-executive, independent director. Independent Board Committees. Each of the Audit and Compliance Committee, Compensation and Talent Committee and Governance Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors. No Supermajority Vote Provisions. We do not have any supermajority vote provisions in our Articles of Incorporation or By-laws. No Cumulative Voting. We have a single class of shares with equal voting rights. Pay-for-Performance Compensation Philosophy. The Compensation and Talent Committee reviews our compensation practices, including short and long-term goals to ensure they are aligned with the Company's strategy. The Board continuously reviews our governance practices, assesses the regulatory and legislative environment and adopts the governance practices that best serve the interests of our stockholders. Proxy Access Proxy access allows stockholders who meet minimum stock ownership and holding period requirements, and who comply with specified procedural and disclosure requirements, the opportunity to include their director nominees in the Company's proxy materials. We believe proxy access gives our long-term stockholders a valuable right and enables them to have an important voice in director elections. The following is a summary outlining key details of requirements related to our proxy access By-law: Ownership Threshold at least 3% of the Company's outstanding common stock Group Ownership a group of 20 or less holders Ownership Period at least 3 years of continuous ownership Number of Nominees the greater of two individuals or 20% of the Board Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 42 Corporate Governance Board and Committee Structure Board Leadership Structure The Board determines the most suitable leadership structure from time to time. At present, the Board has chosen to separate the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Sarah London is our Chief Executive Officer and Frederick Eppinger is our independent, non-executive Chairman of the Board. We believe this structure is optimal for Centene at this time because it allows Ms. London to focus on leading the organization while our Chairman focuses on leading the Board. Mr. Eppinger was chosen to serve as Chairman due to his long tenure as a director of the Company and his experience as chief executive officer, providing continuity, management expertise and institutional knowledge, which balances the recent influx of newer directors. The Board believes that its leadership structure supports its risk oversight efforts. Role of the Board Chair Duties/Responsibilities: Presiding at meetings of Board , including executive sessions of the non-management directors, which occur at least quarterly. Approving the agenda for the Board in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer. Calling executive sessions of the non-management directors. Facilitating the critical flow of information between the Board and senior management, including ensuring that such information is timely and adequate. Advising senior management on stockholder engagement strategy and long-term strategy. Being available for consultations and communications with stockholders as appropriate. Structure of Board of Directors Our Amended and Restated By-laws provide that our Board of Directors shall consist of five to 14 directors, with the exact number of directors on the Board being fixed from time to time by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office. Currently, the Board is fixed at nine directors, with seven of the nine directors determined to be independent. Frederick Eppinger serves as non-executive Independent Chairman of the Board. Nine members of the Board are standing for re-election to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Corporate Governance 43 Board Committees and Functions The Board has the following four standing committees: Audit and Compliance Committee Compensation and Talent Committee Governance Committee Quality Committee The charters for each of the standing committees is available on our website at investors.centene.com. The table below shows membership as of December 31, 2025 and March 19, 2026 in our standing committees and the number of meetings of each committee held in 2025. Current Directors Audit and Compliance Committee Compensation and Talent Committee Governance Committee Quality Committee Jessica L. Blume Kenneth A. Burdick Christopher J. Coughlin H. James Dallas Frederick H. Eppinger Monte E. Ford Sarah M. London Theodore R. Samuels Kenneth Y. Tanji Number of Meetings Held in 2025 9 6 5 4 Chair Member Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 44 Corporate Governance Audit and Compliance Committee Membership as of March 19, 2026 Kenneth Tanji (Chair) Jessica Blume Christopher Coughlin H. James Dallas 9 committee meetings in 2025 OVERVIEW: The Audit and Compliance Committee has jurisdiction over financial statements and disclosures; controls and procedures (including information technology and cybersecurity controls and procedures); the independent auditor; oversight of risk management; capital structure; compliance; and those aspects of sustainability that relate to financial reporting. RESPONSIBILITIES: Appoints, evaluates, oversees the work and compensation of, and removal of, the Independent Auditors; reviews and approves in advance the terms of the engagement of the Independent Auditors and all audit and permissible non-audit services to be provided by the Independent Auditors. Oversees the Internal Audit function and reviews with Internal Audit the risk assessment process, results and resulting annual audit plan for the upcoming year and the results of internal audit activities. Oversees policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, oversees the Company's financial risks and discusses with management the Company's enterprise risk management program. Reviews with the Independent Auditors and management both management's assessment and the Independent Auditors' annual report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal controls and reviews with management the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's internal controls, financial controls and disclosure controls and procedures, including with regard to sustainability. Reviews with management and, if appropriate, the Independent Auditors, the Company's annual and quarterly financial statements, earnings press releases and significant accounting policies regarding financial information and earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies. Reviews litigation and other legal or regulatory matters that may have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. Reviews the Company's information technology security program and reviews and discusses the controls around cybersecurity, including the Company's business continuity and disaster recovery plans. Establishes, oversees and reviews procedures related to (i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing matters or federal securities laws reporting and disclosure matters; and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters by employees. Reviews capital structure, insurance programs, tax policies and mergers and acquisitions. Oversees the Ethics and Compliance Program, and matters related to the Company's compliance with laws and regulations. MEMBER QUALIFICATIONS: Each member of the Audit and Compliance Committee is independent, in accordance with the NYSE standards, SEC rules and the Company's Corporate Governance Principles. Each member of the Audit and Compliance Committee meets the financial literacy requirements of the NYSE Listed Company rules. In addition, our Board has determined that each of Messrs. Coughlin, Tanji and Ms. Blume qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" within the meaning of SEC regulation. REPORT: The Audit and Compliance Committee Report is on page 113 . Centene Corporation Table of Contents Corporate Governance 45 Compensation and Talent Committee Membership as of March 19, 2026 Christopher Coughlin (Chair) Frederick Eppinger Monte Ford Theodore Samuels 6 committee meetings in 2025 OVERVIEW: The Compensation and Talent Committee has jurisdiction over executive compensation and human capital management. RESPONSIBILITIES: Annually reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to our CEO's compensation. Approves or makes recommendations to the Board with respect to our CEO's compensation. Reviews and approves the compensation of our other executive officers. Oversees an evaluation of our senior executives. Oversees and administers our incentive plans, including our equity incentive plans. Reviews and discusses with management the compensation, discussion and analysis section of the proxy statement. Assists in the oversight of risks associated with our compensation plans and policies. Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board with respect to director compensation. Oversees stock ownership guidelines applicable to the Board and the executive officers. Oversees any clawback policy. Reviews the results of any advisory stockholder vote on executive compensation and considers whether to make or recommend adjustments to the Company's executive compensation as a result of such vote. Retains and terminates any compensation consultant to be used to assist the Compensation and Talent Committee in the evaluation of executive compensation. Reviews human capital management strategies. MEMBER QUALIFICATIONS: Each member of the Compensation and Talent Committee is independent, in accordance with the NYSE standards, including the heightened standards for compensation and talent committee members and the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines, and is a "non-employee" director as defined by Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. REPORT: The Compensation and Talent Committee Report is on page 94 . Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 46 Corporate Governance Governance Committee Membership as of March 19, 2026 Jessica Blume (Chair) Theodore Samuels Kenneth Tanji 5 committee meetings in 2025 OVERVIEW: The Governance Committee has jurisdiction over the director evaluation process; the Board and committee composition; succession planning; general environmental, social and governance matters, except for sustainability issues related to financial reporting which are overseen by the Audit and Compliance Committee; government relations; and bi-annual review of the political activity report. RESPONSIBILITIES: Oversees the Board and each committee's composition (including member qualifications), structure, size and succession planning. Monitors corporate governance developments and recommends changes to our Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and Corporate Governance Guidelines to the Board. Reviews the Company's Sustainability Report. Oversees key public policy issues relating to environmental and social responsibility, social drivers of health and healthcare reform. Oversees the evaluation of the Board, its committees and each director. Reviews any related party transactions. Oversees policies by which interested parties, including stockholders, may make significant concerns known to the Board. Oversees policies and practices regarding political and charitable activities, including any contributions therewith. Oversees Board and management succession planning. Oversees risks related to corporate governance and sustainability issues and political and regulatory changes. MEMBER QUALIFICATIONS: Each member of the Governance Committee is independent, in accordance with the NYSE standards and the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Corporate Governance 47 Quality Committee Membership as of March 19, 2026 Kenneth Burdick (Chair) H. James Dallas Frederick Eppinger Monte Ford 4 committee meetings in 2025 OVERVIEW: The Quality Committee has jurisdiction over quality improvement, which includes member experience, provider experience and strategy, data and technology strategy. RESPONSIBILITIES: Reviews the Company's quality improvement program for each line of business, including enterprise initiatives, clinical programs, health equity and member experience and satisfaction. As part of the Company's quality improvement strategy, reviews provider experience and strategy, including network access and accuracy, value-based contracting and provider engagement. As part of the Company's quality improvement strategy, reviews data and technology strategy, including the information technology roadmap and business enablement outcomes, data and analytics infrastructure and potentially disruptive technologies. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 48 Corporate Governance Director Engagement Board Meetings and Attendance 2025 Meetings 37 Board and Committee Meetings held in 2025 Board 13 Audit and Compliance Committee 9 Compensation and Talent Committee 6 Governance Committee 5 Quality Committee 4 During 2025, each of our directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and all committees held during the period in which the director served. Average Board and committee meeting attendance by all directors serving during 2025 was 93%. As stated in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, we believe it is important for the members of our Board to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. All directors who were members of the Board at the time of the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders attended the meeting. During each regularly scheduled Board and Committee meeting, and as appropriate during special meetings, the non-management directors meet privately in executive session. Director Education and Orientation Program The Company provides an orientation and continuing education process for Board members to enable them to stay current on developments related to their Board and committee service. Educational opportunities may include seminars, presentations, relevant materials, meetings with key management and/ or visits to Company facilities. The Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing the Company's programs relating to director orientation and continuing education from time to time. New Director Orientation Shortly after joining the Board, the Company provides an in-person, customized orientation and onboarding experience. At the end of their orientation, new directors should: have key information about Centene's business, vision, strategy, leaders and organization; and be well-informed about their responsibilities and duties as directors and on any committees in which they serve; and have access to resources, information and contacts that will enable them to be effective in their role. Continuing Education We joined the National Association of Corporate Directors and encourage our Board members to take advantage of its numerous educational resources and programs. The Company provides quarterly updates on continuing education opportunities and, pursuant to our director education policy, will reimburse Board members for the cost of any programs Board members attend as well as costs related to membership in relevant associations. Beyond the Boardroom Throughout their service, our directors have discussions with each other and senior leadership of the Company outside of regularly scheduled Board and committee meetings in order to share ideas and perspectives, build relationships and gain a deeper understanding of the Company's business. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Corporate Governance 49 Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and each of our committee charters require the Board and each committee to conduct an annual self-evaluation to determine whether the Board and its committees are functioning effectively. 01 Evaluation Survey The Governance Committee reviews and approves evaluation survey forms for each committee and the Board. These surveys are completed by each Board and committee member. The evaluations ask for feedback on the leadership of the Board and committee, the content of the meetings, the role and structure of the committees, interaction with management and each individual's performance. The evaluations also survey the Board members on the topics they deemed most important to discuss. 02 One-on-One Director Discussions The Chair of the Governance Committee or the Chairman of the Board conducts individual meetings with each director to obtain candid feedback. 03 Executive Session Each committee and the Board discusses the results of the evaluations during executive session. The Chair of the Governance Committee and the Chairman of the Board also shares the feedback from the one-on-one meetings with the Board to focus on areas in which the Board believes that it could improve. 04 Implementation Areas for improvement are communicated to the Board, management and the committees and action plans are developed and implemented. For example, one area of change is having board-only dinners and executive sessions earlier in the meeting schedule to allow for robust and candid discussion. In addition, management has included executive summaries of the Board materials to enhance and contextualize the information shared with the Board. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 50 Corporate Governance Board Oversight of Risk Management Strategic Oversight Our Board oversees and provides advice and guidance to senior management on the formulation and implementation of the Company's strategic plans, including the development of growth strategies by our senior management team. This occurs year-round through presentations and discussions covering the competitive landscape, strategy, business planning and growth initiatives, both during and outside Board and committee meetings. The Board annually holds a Board retreat focused on the Company's long-term strategy. Our Board's focus on overseeing risk management enhances our directors' ability to provide insight and feedback to senior management on its development and implementation of the Company's long-term strategic plan. Our Chairman helps facilitate our Board's oversight of strategy, including through discussions with independent directors during executive sessions, as needed. Throughout 2025, our Board engaged on an ongoing basis with our CEO and CFO, as well as other key members of senior management to refine our long-term growth strategy. This took various forms, ranging from high-level discussions regarding strategic direction, reviews of existing and new business initiatives and organic and inorganic growth opportunities. The Board provided oversight on the execution of several key milestones in our strategy, including: 01 completing 11 divestitures since December 2021, with another expected to close in 2026, resulting in proceeds of over $5 billion, 02 completing $8.0 billion of common stock repurchases from 2022 to 2025, 03 completing $189 million of Senior Note debt repurchases in 2025, 04 improving Medicare Advantage Star Ratings to 60% of Medicare Advantage members in plans rated 3.5 stars or higher, with 20% in 4-star plans, and 05 reacting to an evolving regulatory and market environment and took corrective pricing actions for 2026 in states covering 95% of Marketplace membership. Discussions are focused on the quality and experience of our people as well as alignment with our long-term growth strategy for our stockholders and underscored by considerations such as risk management, culture and reputation. Our Board will continue to receive regular updates from, and provide advice to, management as they execute on the Company's strategy. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Corporate Governance 51 Risk Oversight The Board has overall responsibility for the oversight of enterprise-wide risk management at Centene, while management is responsible for day-to-day risk management. The Board implements its risk oversight function both as a whole and through its committees. Each Board committee oversees risks associated with its respective principal areas of focus and then reports to the Board. The oversight responsibility of the Board and its committees is assisted by management reporting processes designed to provide visibility to the Board of the identification, assessment, prioritization and management of critical risks and management's risk mitigation strategies. The Company's enterprise risk management process is facilitated by the Company's Risk Management department and is based on a blend of principles associated with the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) enterprise risk management framework, Enterprise Risk Management Integrating with Strategy and Performance and ISO 31000: 2018 Risk Management. The primary goals of the enterprise risk management program are to enhance management's ability to identify and assess the Company's current risk profile, gain insights on emerging risks, improve management's strategic and operational decision-making ability and provide clear and timely communication of cross-functional risks to management and the Board. An enterprise risk committee comprised of senior leaders within the Company meets at least four times per year to discuss the most significant risks to the Company identified by the Company's enterprise risk management process and the steps management has taken to identify, monitor, assess and control or avoid such exposures. The enterprise risk committee also reviews performance measures against the company's risk appetite and tolerance and provides recommendation(s) of corrective action, where appropriate. Enterprise risk management is an active process and is continually enhanced and updated. The Company's Risk Management department provides an enterprise risk management report to the full Board at least four times per year. Each Board committee reports to the Board any significant issues relating to their relevant risk areas. The principal areas of focus for risk oversight by the Board and each of its committees are summarized below. Each committee may meet in executive session with key management personnel and representatives of outside advisors as the committee members deem appropriate. Proxy Statement 2026 Table of Contents 52 Corporate Governance Primary Areas of Risk Oversight Full Board Strategic, financial, operational and execution risks and exposures associated with the annual operating plan and long-term strategic plan. Capital allocation, industry trends and stockholder sentiment. Major litigation, compliance and regulatory exposures, information security and other current matters that may present material risk to the Company's operations, plans, prospects or reputation and material acquisitions and divestitures. Audit and Compliance Committee Compensation and Talent Committee Governance Committee Quality Committee Risks and exposures associated with financial matters and regulatory requirements, including financial reporting, accounting, disclosure and compliance, internal control over financial reporting, financial policies, capital structure investment guidelines, liquidity matters and the Company's regulatory compliance programs. Legal and compliance risks. Risks associated with information technology, including cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, privacy, disaster recovery and critical infrastructure assets. Reviews the Centene Foundation's activities. Risks and exposures associated with leadership assessment and executive and non-executive compensation programs and arrangements, including incentive plans. Risks and exposures associated with human capital management. Risks and exposures relating to the Company's programs and policies relating to compliance with SEC governance requirements, NYSE listing requirements and similar legal requirements. Corporate governance and director independence. Director and chief executive officer succession planning. Risks associated with sustainability and healthcare reform related risks and opportunities. Risks associated with political and regulatory changes. Political spending and activity. Risks and exposures associated with quality improvement and clinical programs, and member experience and satisfaction. Risks and exposures associated with provider experience and strategy, including network access and accuracy and value-based contracting. Risks associated with the execution and operational issues related the Company's data technology strategy, including potentially disruptive technologies. Management Roles/Responsibilities Identifying risks and assessing them in accordance with the Company's enterprise risk management framework. Implementing suitable risk mitigation plans, processes and controls. Appropriately managing risks in a manner that serves the best interests of the Company, its stockholders and other stakeholders. Quarterly reporting to the Board and its committees on its risk assessments and risk mitigation strategies for the significant risks of our business. Centene Corporation Table of Contents Corporate Governance 53 Selected Areas of Oversight Oversight of Information Technology, including Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence and Critical Infrastructure The Board of Directors has primary responsibility for the oversight of our enterprise-wide risk management and exercises its oversight function in respect of cybersecurity risk and the risks associated with the use of artificial intelligence through two of its committees. The Audit and Compliance Committee oversees the Company's enterprise risk management process. This includes programs designed to identify, manage, respond to and mitigate risks related to cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, privacy, critical infrastructure and disaster recovery. The committee also oversees the Company's strategy for identifying and evaluating the potential threats and severity of incidents, risk mitigations against cyberattacks and breach and crisis response. The Quality Committee has oversight responsibility for overall data and technology strategy. Each committee reports to the full Board on a regular basis. The Audit and Compliance Committee receives quarterly updates on the Company's cybersecurity risk management program, which is part of our enterprise-wide risk management practices. Management also escalates significant cybersecurity events to the Audit and Compliance Committee and the Board as appropriate. In addition, our Board and management have conducted tabletop cybersecurity crisis simulation exercises. The Audit and Compliance Committee also receives regular reports on the Company's risks associated with artificial intelligence. The Quality Committee oversees the use of artificial intelligence to enable business outcomes and receives regular reports on technology initiatives. The Board also receives reports from the committees summarizing these risks and opportunities and also oversees the competitive landscape as well as strategic investments, including with respect to the use and r