=== CNC_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A "Risk Factors," Part I, Item 3. "Legal Proceedings," and Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on numerous assumptions and assessments made by us in light of our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, business strategies, operating environments, future developments and other factors we believe appropriate. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are subject to change because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future, including economic, regulatory, competitive and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. All forward-looking statements included in this filing are based on information available to us on the date of this filing. Except as may be otherwise required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements included in this filing, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, after the date of this filing. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, as actual results may differ materially from projections, estimates, or other forward-looking statements due to a variety of important factors, variables and events including, but not limited to: our ability to design and price products that are competitive and/or actuarially sound; our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health benefits and other operating expenses and reserves, including fluctuations in medical costs; rate cuts, insufficient rate changes or other payment reductions or delays by government payors affecting our government businesses; the effect of social, economic, and political conditions, geopolitical events and state and federal policies, including the amount and terms of state and federal funding for government-sponsored healthcare programs, including as a result of changes in U.S. presidential administrations or Congress; changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including changes with respect to income tax reform or government healthcare programs as well as changes with respect to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (collectively referred to as the ACA) and any regulations enacted thereunder, including the timing and terms of renewal or modification of the enhanced advance premium tax credits or program integrity initiatives that could have the effect of reducing membership or profitability of our products; unanticipated increased healthcare costs, including due to changes in consumer and provider behaviors, inflation and tariffs; our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Star ratings and maintain or achieve improvement in other quality scores in each case that could impact revenue and future growth; competition, including for providers, broker distribution networks, contract reprocurements and organic growth; our ability to adequately anticipate demand and timely provide for operational resources to maintain service level requirements in compliance with the terms of our contracts and state and federal regulations; our ability to comply with the terms of our contracts and state and federal regulations and our ability to effectively oversee our third-party vendors to comply with the terms of their contracts with us and state and federal regulations; our ability to manage our information systems effectively; disruption, unexpected costs, or similar risks from business transactions, including acquisitions, divestitures, and changes in our relationships with third-party vendors; impairments to real estate, investments, goodwill and intangible assets; changes in senior management, loss of one or more key personnel or an inability to attract, hire, integrate and retain skilled personnel; membership and revenue declines or unexpected trends; Table of Contents changes in healthcare practices, new technologies, and advances in medicine; our ability to effectively and ethically use artificial intelligence and machine learning in compliance with applicable laws; changes in macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rates and volatility in the financial markets; negative public perception of the Company and the managed care industry; uncertainty concerning government shutdowns, debt ceilings or funding; tax matters; disasters, climate-related incidents, acts of war or aggression or major epidemics; changes in expected contract start dates and terms; changes in provider, broker, vendor, state federal and other contracts and delays in the timing of regulatory approval of contracts, including due to protests and our ability to timely comply with any such changes to our contractual requirements or manage any unexpected delays in regulatory approval of contracts; the expiration, suspension, or termination of our contracts with federal or state governments (including, but not limited to, Medicaid, Medicare or other customers); the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of legal or regulatory audits, investigations, proceedings or matters including, but not limited to, our ability to resolve claims and/or allegations on acceptable terms, or at all, or whether additional claims, reviews or investigations will be brought; challenges to our contract awards; cyber-attacks or other data security incidents or our failure to comply with applicable privacy, data or security laws and regulations; the exertion of management's time and our resources, and other expenses incurred and business changes required in connection with complying with the terms of our contracts and the undertakings in connection with any regulatory, governmental, or third-party consents or approvals for acquisitions or dispositions; any changes in expected closing dates, estimated purchase price, or accretion for acquisitions or dispositions; losses in our investment portfolio; restrictions and limitations in connection with our indebtedness; a downgrade of our corporate family rating, issuer rating or credit rating of our indebtedness; and the availability of debt and equity financing on terms that are favorable to us. This list of important factors is not intended to be exhaustive. We discuss certain of these matters more fully, as well as certain other factors that may affect our business operations, financial condition, and results of operations, in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Due to these important factors and risks, we cannot give assurances with respect to our future performance, including without limitation our ability to maintain adequate premium levels or our ability to control our future medical and selling, general and administrative costs. Table of Contents SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of in evaluating our business, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following, all of which are more fully described in Part 1, Item 1A "Risk Factors". This summary should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. Risks Relating to Our Business Failure to timely and effectively identify and mitigate medical cost trends and receive adequate rate adjustments to account for increased acuity could have a material adverse effect on our business; Any failure to adequately and timely price or anticipate demand for products offered, anticipate changes to the competitive landscape or any reduction in products offered for Medicare and in the Health Insurance Marketplace may have a material adverse effect on our business; Our Medicare programs are subject to a variety of unique risks that could adversely impact our financial results; Risk-adjustment payment systems make our revenue and results of operations more difficult to estimate and could result in retroactive adjustments that have a material adverse effect on our business; If we are not successful in procuring new government contracts or renewing existing government contracts, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business may be adversely affected; We derive a portion of our cash flow and gross margin from our prescription drug plan (PDP) operations, for which we submit annual bids for participation. The results of our bids and the design of the risk-sharing program could have a material adverse effect on our business; Increases in our pharmaceutical costs could have a material adverse effect on the level of our medical costs and our results of operations; Ineffectiveness of state-operated systems and subcontractors could adversely affect our business; Our encounter data may be inaccurate or incomplete, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs; If state regulators do not approve payments of dividends and distributions by our subsidiaries to us, we may not have sufficient funds to implement our business strategy; We derive a significant portion of our premium revenues from operations in a number of states, and our business could be materially adversely affected by a decrease in premium revenues or profitability in any one of those states; Competition may limit our ability to increase penetration of the markets that we serve; We operate in a highly competitive, dynamic and rapidly evolving industry and our failure to adapt could negatively impact our business; If we are unable to maintain relationships with our provider networks and timely update our provider directories, our profitability may be materially adversely affected; If our third-party vendors fail to meet their contractual obligations to us or fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations, our results of operations may be adversely affected and we may be exposed to brand and reputational harm, litigation and/or regulatory action; If we or our third-party vendors are unable to integrate and manage information systems and networks effectively, our operations could be disrupted; A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems, networks or infrastructure, or those of third-party vendors with which we do business, including as a result of cyber-attacks and other data security incidents, could have a material adverse effect on our business; We may be unable to attract, retain or effectively manage the succession of key personnel; An impairment charge with respect to our recorded goodwill, intangible assets and real estate portfolio could have a material impact on our results of operations and shareholders' equity; Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legal Matters Reductions or delays in funding of, changes to eligibility requirements for, government-sponsored healthcare programs in which we participate, and any inability on our part to effectively adapt to changes to these programs could have a material adverse effect on our business; Significant changes to the ACA and the other government-sponsored healthcare programs in which we participate could materially and adversely affect our business; Negative public perception of the managed care industry, including industry practices, could adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flows and prospects; Our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could force us to change how we operate and could harm our reputation and business; Table of Contents Our ability to provide services and support to manage our members' pharmacy benefits face regulatory risks and uncertainties which could materially and adversely affect our business; We have been and may from time to time become involved in costly and time-consuming litigation and other regulatory proceedings, which require significant attention from our management and could adversely affect our business; If we fail to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations, including with respect to third-party vendors that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, our business could be materially and adversely affected; If we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business could be materially and adversely affected; We might be adversely impacted by tax legislation or challenges to our tax positions; Risks Relating to Conditions in the Financial Markets and Economy Our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity; Adverse credit market conditions may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or our ability to obtain credit on acceptable terms; We have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Such indebtedness could reduce our agility and may adversely affect our financial condition; Risks Associated with Mergers, Acquisitions, and Divestitures Our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected if we fail to manage and complete divestitures; Previous or future acquisitions may not perform as expected and we may not realize the financial results expected from acquisitions or divestitures; and We may be unable to successfully integrate our existing business with acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. Table of Contents Non-GAAP Financial Presentation The Company is providing certain non-GAAP financial measures in this report as the Company believes that these figures are helpful in allowing investors to more accurately assess the ongoing nature of the Company's operations and measure the Company's performance more consistently across periods. The Company uses the presented non-GAAP financial measures internally in evaluating the Company's performance and for planning purposes, by allowing management to focus on period-to-period changes in the Company's core business operations, and in determining employee incentive compensation. Therefore, the Company believes that this information is meaningful in addition to the information contained in the GAAP presentation of financial information. The Company strongly encourages investors to review its consolidated financial statements and publicly filed reports in their entirety and cautions investors that the non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company may differ from similar measures used by other companies, even when similar terms are used to identify such measures. The presentation of non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. Specifically, the Company believes the presentation of non-GAAP financial measures that excludes amortization of acquired intangible assets, acquisition and divestiture related expenses, as well as other items, allows investors to develop a more meaningful understanding of the Company's core performance over time. The tables below provide reconciliations of non-GAAP items ($ in millions, except per share data): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 GAAP net earnings (loss) attributable to Centene $ (6,674) $ 3,305 $ 2,702 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 685 692 718 Acquisition and divestiture related expenses 4 82 70 Other adjustments (1) 7,328 (117) 464 Income tax effects of adjustments (2) (315) (209) (308) Adjusted net earnings $ 1,028 $ 3,753 $ 3,646 GAAP diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Centene $ (13.53) $ 6.31 $ 4.95 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 1.39 1.32 1.32 Acquisition and divestiture related expenses 0.01 0.16 0.13 Other adjustments (1) 14.86 (0.22) 0.85 Income tax effects of adjustments (2) (0.64) (0.40) (0.57) Effect of basic to diluted shares (3) (0.01) Adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) $ 2.08 $ 7.17 $ 6.68 (1) Other adjustments include the following pre-tax items: 2025 : (a) goodwill impairment of $6,723 million, or $13.63 per share ($13.62 after-tax), Magellan Health, Inc. (Magellan Health) impairment of $513 million, or $1.04 per share ($0.79 after-tax), intangible asset impairment related to the wind-down of certain contracts in the Other segment of $55 million, or $0.11 per share ($0.08 after-tax), exit costs related to the wind-down of certain contracts in the Other segment of $22 million, or $0.04 per share ($0.03 after-tax), a net loss on real estate transactions of $18 million, or $0.04 per share ($0.03 after-tax), a favorable adjustment to the gain on sale of Magellan Rx of $2 million, or $0.00 per share ($0.00 after-tax), and net gain on debt extinguishment of $1 million, or $0.00 per share ($0.00 after-tax). i Table of Contents 2024 : (b) net gain on the previously reported divestiture of Magellan Specialty Health due to the achievement of contingent consideration and finalization of working capital adjustments of $83 million, or $0.16 per share ($0.12 after-tax), net gain on the sale of property of $24 million, or $0.04 per share ($0.03 after-tax), gain on the previously reported divestiture of Circle Health Group (Circle Health) of $20 million, or $0.04 per share ($0.12 after-tax), gain on the sale of Collaborative Health Systems (CHS) of $17 million, or $0.03 per share ($0.02 after-tax), Health Net Federal Services asset impairment due to the 2024 final ruling on the TRICARE Managed Care Support Contract of $14 million, or $0.03 per share ($0.02 after-tax), severance costs due to a restructuring of $13 million, or $0.02 per share ($0.01 after-tax), an additional loss on the divestiture of our Spanish and Central European businesses of $7 million, or $0.01 per share ($0.01 after-tax) and gain on the previously reported divestiture of HealthSmart due to the finalization of working capital adjustments of $7 million, or $0.01 per share ($0.01 after-tax). 2023 : (c) Circle Health impairment of $292 million, or $0.53 per share ($0.47 after-tax), Operose Health Group (Operose Health) impairment of $140 million, or $0.26 per share ($0.24 after-tax), real estate impairments of $105 million, or $0.19 per share ($0.16 after-tax), gain on the sale of Apixio of $93 million, or $0.17 per share ($0.12 after-tax), severance costs due to a restructuring of $79 million, or $0.15 per share ($0.11 after-tax), gain on the sale of Magellan Specialty Health of $79 million, or $0.14 per share ($0.11 after-tax), a reduction to the previously reported gain on the sale of Magellan Rx of $22 million, or $0.04 per share ($0.02 after-tax), gain on the previously reported divestiture of Centurion of $15 million, or $0.03 per share ($0.02 after-tax) and an additional loss on the divestiture of our Spanish and Central European businesses of $13 million, or $0.02 per share ($0.01 after-tax). (2) The income tax effects of adjustments are based on the effective income tax rates applicable to each adjustment. In addition, the year ended December 31, 2025, includes a tax benefit of $4 million, or $0.01 per share, related to tax adjustments on previously reported divestitures and impacts of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA). The year ended December 31, 2024, includes a tax benefit of $1 million, or $0.00 per share, related to tax adjustments on previously reported divestitures. The year ended December 31, 2023, includes a one-time income tax benefit of $69 million, or $0.13 per share, resulting from the distribution of long-term stock awards to the estate of the Company's former CEO and tax expense of $3 million, or $0.01 per share, related to tax adjustments on previously reported divestitures. (3) Reflects the $0.01 impact of using 494,502 thousand shares in the calculation of adjusted diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2025. The additional 1,386 thousand shares for the year ended December 31, 2025 were excluded from the calculation of the GAAP net loss per share and related adjustments due to their anti-dilutive effect. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 GAAP selling, general and administrative expenses $ 12,904 $ 12,400 $ 12,563 Less: Acquisition and divestiture related expenses 4 82 69 Restructuring costs 22 13 79 Real estate optimization 2 8 Adjusted selling, general and administrative expenses $ 12,876 $ 12,305 $ 12,407 ii Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business OVERVIEW Our mission is to transform the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time. As the nation's largest managed care company focused on underserved populations, Centene is committed to helping people live healthier lives. Centene offers affordable and high-quality products to more than 1 in 15 individuals across the nation, including Medicaid and Medicare members (including Medicare Prescription Drug Plans) as well as individuals and families served by the Health Insurance Marketplace. Centene provides access to high-quality healthcare, innovative programs and a wide range of health solutions that help families and individuals get well, stay well and be well. We believe the best way to deliver healthcare is with a personal approach, with local brands and local teams who live in, care about and directly influence the communities they serve a key differentiator in our ability to provide access to quality care for our members. Our state-based plans are built on community expertise and backed by the depth, breadth, and experience of a leading national company. Our model is structured around partnership. By working hand-in-hand with providers, policymakers, and communities, we connect people to what matters most not just healthcare, but essentials like food, housing, utilities, and transportation to drive meaningful health outcomes. With our scale and expertise, we are not only improving lives but also shaping the future of healthcare. From leveraging data to drive better outcomes across the nation to creating innovative programs to address barriers to care, we hope to redefine the healthcare experience. Our data and insights give us a powerful opportunity to anticipate needs, personalize care, and build a more affordable and effective healthcare system for tomorrow. During 2025, we operated in four segments: Medicaid, Medicare, Commercial and Other. Medicaid - includes the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program; Medicaid Expansion programs; the Aged, Blind or Disabled (ABD) program; the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP); Long-Term Services and Supports (LTSS); Foster Care; Medicare-Medicaid Plans (MMP), which cover beneficiaries who are dually eligible for Medicaid and Medicare; and other state-based programs. Medicare - includes Medicare Advantage, Dual Eligible Special Needs Plans (D-SNPs), Medicare Prescription Drug Plans (PDP), also known as Medicare Part D, and Medicare Supplement. Commercial - includes the Health Insurance Marketplace product along with individual and commercial group, Individual Coverage Health Reimbursement Arrangement (ICHRA) and other off-exchange individual products. Other - includes our specialty pharmacy operations, vision and dental services, clinical healthcare, behavioral health, and centralized services, among others. We signed a definitive agreement to divest the remaining Magellan Health businesses in December 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our Medicaid, Commercial, Medicare and Other segments accounted for 57%, 21%, 19% and 3%, respectively, of our total external revenues. Our membership totaled 27.6 million as of December 31, 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our total revenues were $194.8 billion and our total cash flow from operations was $5.1 billion. Based on the most recent publicly available membership data, we are the nation's largest Medicaid and Marketplace insurer, as well as the largest stand-alone PDP provider. Our Medicare Advantage business includes one of the highest concentrations of D-SNP members among our peers, aligned with our focus on low-income, complex populations. Our initial health plan commenced operations in Wisconsin in 1984. We were organized in Wisconsin in 1993 as a holding company for our initial health plan and reincorporated in Delaware in 2001. Our stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "CNC." 1 Table of Contents INDUSTRY AND OPERATIONS We provide a full spectrum of managed healthcare products and services, primarily through Medicaid, Medicare and commercial products. Medicaid Medicaid is the largest publicly funded program in the United States and provides health insurance to low-income families and individuals with disabilities. Medicaid is funded jointly by federal and state governments, with the majority of funding provided by the federal government and administered by the states. Each state establishes its own eligibility standards, benefit packages, payment rates and program administration within federal standards. As a result, there are 56 Medicaid programs - one for each U.S. state, each U.S. territory and the District of Columbia. Eligibility is based on a combination of household income and assets, often determined by an income level relative to the federal poverty level. Many states have selected Medicaid managed care as a means of delivering quality healthcare and controlling costs. Medicaid helps meet the needs of various populations through the following products and programs: The TANF program covers low-income families with children. Medicaid Expansion covers individuals under age 65 with incomes up to 138% of the federal poverty level, subject to each state's election. The ABD program covers low-income individuals with chronic physical disabilities or behavioral health impairments. ABD beneficiaries represent a growing portion of all Medicaid recipients and typically utilize more services as a result of their more complicated health status. CHIP helps to expand coverage primarily to children whose families earn too much to qualify for Medicaid, yet not enough to afford private health insurance. Historically, children have represented the largest Medicaid eligible population. Costs are primarily composed of pediatrics and family care, which tend to be more predictable than those associated with other healthcare issues predominantly affecting the adult population. LTSS refers to a set of Medicaid-covered services that include Institutional/Residential Care (such as Nursing and Intermediate Care Facilities) and Home and Community Based Services (HCBS) for individuals who need assistance with activities of daily living. The largest share of LTSS spending is for older adults and individuals with physical disabilities, followed by individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities, serious mental illness or other complex needs. Many states are increasingly adopting managed care models (MLTSS) to provide coordinated, person-centered care and expand access to HCBS. Most children in foster care are categorically eligible for Medicaid under federal law. Federal child welfare legislation requires states to address the health and well-being of children in foster care and provides funding and technical assistance to support these efforts in coordination with Medicaid. Under the Affordable Care Act (ACA), youth who age out of foster care at 18 and were in Medicaid at the time, are eligible for Medicaid coverage until age 26. A portion of Medicaid beneficiaries are dual-eligible, low-income seniors and people with disabilities who are enrolled in both Medicaid and Medicare. According to CMS, there were approximately 12 million dual-eligible enrollees in 2025. These members may receive assistance from Medicaid for benefits, such as nursing home care, HCBS and/or assistance with Medicare premiums and cost-sharing depending on their income level. Dual-eligibles use more services due to their tendency to have more chronic health conditions. We serve dual-eligibles primarily through our ABD and LTSS programs and through integrated Medicare products such as Medicare Advantage D-SNPs. We operated MMPs, which ended on December 31, 2025, as CMS transitioned to D-SNP-based integration. 2 Table of Contents While Medicaid programs have directed funds to many individuals who cannot afford or otherwise maintain health insurance coverage, they did not initially address the inefficient and costly manner in which the Medicaid population tends to access healthcare. Medicaid recipients in non-managed care programs typically have not sought preventive care or routine treatment for chronic conditions, such as asthma and diabetes. When they do seek care, it is typically fragmented and not coordinated such as seeking healthcare in hospital emergency departments, which is typically more expensive. As a result, many states without managed care programs have found that the costs of providing Medicaid benefits have increased while the medical outcomes for the recipients remained unsatisfactory. Accordingly, in an effort to improve quality of care and the affordability of healthcare, the majority of states have mandated that their TANF recipients enroll in managed care plans and many are considering moving to a mandated managed care approach for additional populations and products. CMS estimates Medicaid spending will grow at an average annual rate of 7% to $1.5 trillion by 2031. Based on continued market growth, we believe a significant market opportunity exists for managed care organizations (MCOs) with operations and programs focused on the distinct socio-economic, cultural and healthcare needs of the uninsured population and the Medicaid populations. We are the largest Medicaid health insurer in the country, serving 12.5 million Medicaid members in 30 states as of December 31, 2025. Our Medicaid contracts with the states of Florida and New York accounted for approximately 10% or more of our consolidated Medicaid premium revenues individually in the year ended December 31, 2025. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), passed in July 2025, includes requirements that may reduce the number of members eligible for state Medicaid Expansion programs by requiring work or community engagement by members and for state Medicaid agencies to redetermine member eligibility at more frequent intervals, along with adding a "Cost Sharing" or "Co-Pay" for certain medical services. These changes could have the effect of increasing the overall morbidity of the Medicaid Expansion population largely beginning in 2027, subject to state implementation plans. Several other provisions of the OBBBA, such as adjustments to provider taxes and state directed payments beginning in 2028, may have the effect of reducing the amount of federal funding for Medicaid, which could result in changes in the design of Medicaid programs, including coverage of benefits, eligibility, and/or provider payment rates. In particular, New York intends to terminate its Essentials Plan-5, which provided state-subsidized healthcare for individuals from 200% to 250% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL) by July 1, 2026. The OBBBA also includes a restriction against paying certain providers designated as "prohibited entities" as of October 1, 2025, which has the potential to create access to care issues and network gaps. The timing of regulatory guidance and other rulemaking changes will be critical to ensuring state and MCO implementation readiness. Medicare Medicare is the federal health insurance program for people ages 65 and over, which was expanded to cover people under 65 with certain disabilities and people with end-stage renal disease requiring dialysis or kidney transplant. Medicare consists of four parts, labeled A through D. Part A provides hospitalization benefits financed largely through Social Security taxes and requires beneficiaries to pay out-of-pocket deductibles and coinsurance. Part B provides benefits for medically necessary services and supplies including outpatient care, physician services and home health care. Parts A and B are referred to as Original Medicare. Revenues from CMS are significant to the segment. CMS estimates Medicare spending will grow at an average annual rate of 8% to $1.9 trillion by 2031. Over 40% of Medicare spend in 2024 was in Medicare fee-for-service, representing a notable market opportunity to increase penetration of the Medicare Advantage products. Medicare Advantage As an alternative to Original Medicare, beneficiaries may elect to receive their Medicare benefits through Part C, also known as Medicare Advantage. Under Medicare Advantage, MCOs contract with CMS to provide services directly to Medicare beneficiaries as well as through employer and union groups. MCOs typically receive fixed monthly premium per member from CMS that varies based upon the county in which the member resides, demographic factors of the member such as age, gender and institutionalized status and the health status of the member. Any benefits that are not covered by Medicare may result in an additional monthly premium charged to the enrollee or through portions of payments received from CMS that may be allocated to these benefits, according to CMS regulations and guidance. Typically, as our Medicare Advantage members reach their deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums, our medical costs rise, creating seasonality in the business with a higher percentage of earnings in the first half of the year. As of December 31, 2025, we served 1.0 million Medicare Advantage members across 32 states, primarily under the brand name Wellcare. 3 Table of Contents Medicare Prescription Drug Plan Medicare prescription drug coverage, or Medicare Part D, is a voluntary benefit for Medicare beneficiaries. The Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit is supported by risk sharing with the federal government through risk corridors designed to limit the losses and gains of the participating drug plans by providing a portion of reinsurance for catastrophic drug costs. The government subsidy is based on the national weighted average monthly bid for this coverage, adjusted for risk factor payments. Additional subsidies are provided for dually eligible beneficiaries and specified low-income beneficiaries. MCOs contract with CMS to serve as plan sponsors offering stand-alone Medicare Part D PDPs to Medicare-eligible beneficiaries. PDPs offer national in-network prescription drug coverage, and may include a preferred pharmacy network, subject to limitations in certain circumstances. Unless CMS is notified of non-renewal and the non-renewal is effectuated by not filing a bid in June, Medicare Advantage and PDP contracts with CMS are renewed for successive one-year terms each September. Should CMS decide not to renew a contract, CMS must notify MCOs on or before August 1, and the plan would be terminated effective December 31 of that year. Our 2026 PDP bids were below the benchmarks for all 34 CMS regions, compared to our 2025 PDP bids, which resulted in 33 of 34 CMS regions for which we were below the benchmarks and one region for which we were above the benchmark. The Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) significantly changed Medicare Part D, impacting stand-alone Medicare PDPs as well as the Part D benefit in many of our Medicare Advantage plans beginning in 2025, most notably by eliminating the coverage gap and capping members' annual out-of-pocket costs at $2,000 in order to provide more predictable and affordable prescription drug coverage for Medicare beneficiaries. The members' Part D annual out-of-pocket cap for 2026 is $2,100. The IRA changes effective for 2025 resulted in a meaningful shift in cost-sharing responsibilities between members, drug companies, CMS, and PDPs and have resulted in a significant increase in our premiums in consideration for our PDPs' responsibility for a larger portion of total Part D benefit costs. Starting in 2026, CMS created a Drug Subsidy to compensate plans for the loss of the Manufacturer Discount Program (MDP) for maximum fair price drugs. To help mitigate significant premium impacts and address these changes, CMS introduced the Medicare Part D Premium Stabilization Demonstration program. This program began in calendar year 2025 and was intended by CMS to exist for three years. The parameters of the program are expected to be different each year. For example, in 2025, participating PDPs operated under narrowed risk corridor thresholds as part of the supports CMS introduced to limit market volatility. For 2026, CMS eliminated these narrowed risk corridors entirely, shifting PDPs back toward standard program financial risk sharing. We continue to advocate for policies that promote cost-effective, high-quality care for our PDP enrolled members. We began providing PDP coverage in 2006 and have continued to prioritize plans offering low premiums, deductibles and cost sharing. We offer stand-alone PDPs in 50 states and the District of Columbia and served 8.1 million members as of December 31, 2025, making us the country's largest stand-alone PDP provider. Dual-Eligible Alignment CMS regulations are promoting greater alignment and integration for dual-eligible members across both programs, whereby full dual beneficiaries would be enrolled under the same company's Medicaid and Medicare plan, improving the quality of care and overall member experience. With over 70% of the approximately 12 million fully-eligible duals population not in integrated care plans, we see significant opportunity to advance care management, improve member engagement and improve the affordability of healthcare through this process. D-SNPs offer various levels of integration of benefits, care coordination (e.g., care management), and processes (e.g., appeals and grievances, claims, materials) depending on the plan type. Fully Integrated Dual Eligible (FIDE) plans provide Medicaid and Medicare benefits, including LTSS and behavioral health through one plan under one legal entity. Highly Integrated Dual Eligible (HIDE) plans can offer Medicaid and Medicare benefits from different plans under different legal entities owned by the same parent organization. These HIDE plans have some differences in the Medicaid benefit offering requirements compared to FIDE plans. Lastly, Coordination-Only Dual Eligible plans can coordinate care with Medicaid fee-for-service or Medicaid MCOs from different parent organizations and in some states can also serve partial dual-eligibles who do not receive full Medicaid benefits. Accordingly, we have been refining our Medicare footprint to overlap more closely with our Medicaid presence to provide D-SNP offerings that support alignment and have one of the highest D-SNP concentrations among our peers. CMS regulations will require beneficiaries dually enrolled in Medicare and in a Medicaid managed care plan to receive integrated care through the Medicaid company's Medicare Advantage D-SNPs beginning in 2030, with certain restrictions beginning in 2027. Integrated D-SNPs are designed to enhance the coordination of care and streamline services while delivering improved outcomes. We believe we are positioned well given our overlapping Medicaid and Medicare Advantage footprints and we will continue to place enterprise-level focus on the D-SNP opportunity to drive long-term growth. 4 Table of Contents Commercial We offer commercial health insurance products to individuals through the ACA Health Insurance Marketplace, and through large and small employer groups in limited areas. These plans offer differing benefit designs and varying levels of co-payments at different premium rates. These plans facilitate access to healthcare services for our members through network contracts with physicians, hospitals and other providers. Coverage typically is subject to copays and can also be subject to deductibles and coinsurance. As our commercial members reach their deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums, our medical costs rise, creating seasonality in the business with a higher percentage of earnings in the first half of the year. The ACA created the Health Insurance Marketplace, which is a key component of the ACA and provides an opportunity for individuals and families to obtain health insurance. States have the option of operating their own Marketplace or partnering with the federal government. States choosing neither option default to the federally-facilitated Marketplace. Insurers are required to offer a minimum level of benefits with coverage that varies based on premiums and out-of-pocket costs. Premium subsidies are provided to individuals and families without access to other coverage and with incomes above 100% of the federal poverty level to make coverage more affordable. Consumers who qualify for subsidies may choose how much of the tax credit to apply to their premiums each month, up to the maximum amount for which they are eligible. The amount of subsidy an enrollee may receive depends on household income and the cost of the second lowest cost silver plan available to enrollees in their local area. Temporary enhanced subsidies were made available by the American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA), which were further extended through 2025 pursuant to the IRA. The enhanced eligibility extended by the IRA expired at the end of 2025. While enhanced eligibility has expired, APTCs are still in force and provide meaningful subsidies to eligible members. We are the largest Marketplace carrier, serving 5.5 million members across 29 states as of December 31, 2025, under the brand name Ambetter Health. Revenues from CMS are significant to the segment. The Marketplace Integrity and Affordability Final Rule (Final Rule) was published in the Federal Register on June 25, 2025. The Final Rule makes changes to policies to strengthen program integrity measures in the Marketplace. For example, the Special Enrollment Period for those under 150% of the FPL has been repealed beginning August 25, 2025. Several of the provisions of the Final Rule have been stayed due to ongoing litigation. These include a requirement for certain consumers who automatically re-enroll into a fully subsidized Marketplace plan to be re-enrolled into the same plan with a $5 premium until the consumer updates their exchange application to confirm APTC eligibility. Additionally, exchanges may no longer accept a consumer's self-attestation of projected annual household income when the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) cannot verify it due to lack of tax return data; rather, exchanges must verify household income using other trusted data sources. In addition, the OBBBA placed additional restrictions on APTC requirements. For example, beginning January 1, 2026, should individuals mis-estimate their projected income, the OBBBA requires them to reimburse the IRS for the full amount of excess tax credit received. In addition, as of January 1, 2026, the OBBBA prohibits individuals from receiving APTCs if they enroll in health coverage through a Special Enrollment Period associated with their income. We anticipate that the combined effect of the expiration of the Enhanced APTCs, the Final Rule, and the OBBBA will reduce 2026 Marketplace membership and continue to increase the overall morbidity of the Marketplace population. During the third quarter of 2025, we reacted to an evolving regulatory and market environment and took corrective pricing actions for 2026 in states covering 95% of Marketplace membership. We continue to advocate for legislation and regulations aimed at leveraging Medicaid and the Health Insurance Marketplace to maintain health insurance coverage and affordability for consumers. Individual Coverage Health Reimbursement Arrangement (ICHRA) We see an opportunity for market disruption of employer-sponsored insurance through ICHRAs. An ICHRA allows employers of all sizes to directly reimburse employees for individual health insurance premiums and qualifying medical expenses tax free in lieu of traditional employer-sponsored health insurance. The ICHRA model relies heavily on off-exchange, individual health insurance coverage as the most efficient way to use the funds. These off-exchange plans often mimic employer-provided coverage in benefit design. They are designed to provide comprehensive, consistent coverage and benefits that meet members' needs. 5 Table of Contents Using an ICHRA allows employees to tap into a competitive marketplace and a risk pool larger than the employer's risk pool creating the opportunity for lower, more consistent premiums each year. At the same time, this approach allows employees to find products that better fit their needs. Given the full commercial group market covers over 170 million Americans, we see a significant addressable market over the long term. Ambetter Health Solutions, our off-exchange marketplace business offerings, delivers individual health insurance plans that are compatible with ICHRAs. Ambetter Health Solutions supports employers who choose to adopt this reimbursement model by providing employees with access to affordable, customizable and dependable coverage options. We operated plans designed to attract ICHRA membership in off-exchange plans in 6 states in 2025, and expanded coverage to 13 states in 2026. Other Our Other segment includes: Specialty Pharmacy. AcariaHealth provides specialty pharmacy services for patients with complex and chronic conditions. Leveraging national scale and personalized clinical support, AcariaHealth collaborates with providers and payers to improve access and optimize patient outcomes. AcariaHealth also administers free drug programs for pharmaceutical manufacturers and operates a full-service wholesale distribution pharmacy. Behavioral Health. Magellan Health, Inc. (Magellan Health) supports innovative ways of accessing better health through technology, while remaining focused on the critical personal relationships that are necessary to achieve a healthy, vibrant life. Magellan's customers include health plans and other MCOs, employers, labor unions, various military and state and federal governmental agencies, and third-party administrators. We signed a definitive agreement to divest the remaining Magellan Health businesses in December 2025. Vision and Dental Services. Our fully integrated vision and dental health programs include benefits beyond traditional medical benefits. Our vision benefit program administers routine and surgical eye care benefits through a contracted national network of eye care providers. Through the dental benefit, we are dedicated to improving oral health through a contracted network of dental healthcare providers. Clinical Healthcare. Community Medical Group (CMG) provides clinical healthcare, encompassing primary care, access to certain specialty services and a suite of social and other support services. CMG operates in Florida through an at-risk primary care provider model, focusing on clinical and social care for at-risk beneficiaries. Additionally, Denova Collaborative Health provides outpatient primary care and behavioral healthcare services. Centralized Services. Each of our health plans contracts with our corporate management companies to provide certain functions required to manage the health plan which often include salaries and wages for personnel, rent, utilities, population health management, provider contracting, compliance, member services, claims processing, pharmacy oversight services, information technology, cash management, finance and accounting and other services. 6 Table of Contents OUR COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS Our approach is based on the following key competitive strengths: Focus and Experience . Centene was established as a Medicaid company, anchored around long-lasting, trusted relationships, with a continual focus on low-income populations. Since our founding more than 40 years ago, we have forged new paths developing innovative solutions and addressing the evolving needs of our members, earning Centene an important seat at the table and a powerful voice to shape the conversation at the state and federal level. As a result of these efforts, we are the nation's largest Medicaid and Marketplace insurer as well as the largest stand-alone PDP provider, based on the most recent publicly available membership data. Additionally, our Medicare Advantage business includes one of the highest concentrations of D-SNP members among our peers, aligned with our focus on low-income, complex populations. As states increasingly move to integrate care for individuals who are dually eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare, our expertise uniquely positions us to serve this population of 12 million beneficiaries nationwide. We are positioned at the nexus of affordability and choice, ready to meet the needs of consumers who increasingly seek innovative products like ICHRAs. Local Approach . Our local approach to delivering healthcare enables us to meet members and providers in the communities where they are to facilitate member access to high-quality, culturally sensitive healthcare services. Our programs and services are tailored to the unique individuals we serve and include a broad range of initiatives to address upstream drivers of health such as food insecurity, housing instability, unemployment and access to transportation, which contribute to health disparities among underserved communities. With local leadership owning all three lines of business within each health plan, we are able to translate local best practices from our Medicaid business into product development, distribution, network and pricing decisions we make for our Marketplace and Medicare businesses. We know what our customers will value because we live and work alongside them every day. Partnerships . Centene's partnership mindset allows us to design solutions for our members that integrate the most relevant, most local and most innovative capabilities in an agile and capital-efficient way. Partnership has become both a strategy and discipline: finding, measuring and maintaining the best partners over time. That includes building partnerships with the best providers for our members and investing in data and engagement models that empower them to deliver better health outcomes. For example, we entered into a partnership with the National Association of Community Health Centers to enhance value-based care adoption, further strengthening Community Health Centers' ability to deliver high-quality, patient-centered care and improve maternal child health outcomes. People. Through an intentional focus on building a One CenTeam culture, we have elevated and unleashed the power of 61,100 team members who uniquely understand how to serve our members and are committed to our mission of transforming the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time. 7 Table of Contents Benefits to Customers We feel that our ability to establish and maintain a leadership position in the markets we serve results primarily from our demonstrated success in providing quality care while improving the affordability of healthcare, and from our specialized programs with state governments. The following are among the benefits we provide to our government partners, providers and members: Accurate and timely claims payments. We are committed to ensuring that our information systems and claims payment systems meet or exceed state requirements. We continuously improve our claims processing strategies, expertise, configuration and tools to achieve operational excellence, including timely payments to our providers. Care management for complex populations. Through our experience with Medicaid populations and long-time presence in states with experience in long-term care for children and adolescents in the foster care system, we have developed care management, service coordination and crisis prevention/response programs that improve healthcare outcomes through decreasing preventable emergency department utilization and improving access to primary care and behavioral health intervention. Commitment to quality and improved health outcomes. We demonstrate this through obtaining health plan accreditations, such as National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA), which assesses the effectiveness of our structure and operational processes, clinical quality and member satisfaction. We have developed care coordination, case management and clinical programs focused on key prevention and chronic conditions. Additionally, we have launched a multi-year plan to improve quality across the enterprise with a strong focus on enhanced patient experience and access to care, which lays the foundation for strong quality ratings in the future, including Medicare Star ratings, Medicaid Health Plan Rating (HPR) and Marketplace Quality Rating System (QRS). Community-specific healthcare programs and a focus on addressing healthcare gaps. Our expertise in government-sponsored programs has helped us establish and maintain strong relationships with community-based organizations and local providers, as well as our state and federal partners. Our health plans develop tailored, local programs and campaigns to support members through solutions that promote whole-person care and enhance healthcare for all. Data-driven approach to improve health outcomes. We have employed an investment strategy designed to increase our capability to collect and analyze data and insights. We gather data from multiple sources including medical, vision and behavioral health claims and encounter data, pharmacy data, dental vendor claims and authorization data. We use this data to track utilization trends, identify health disparities, monitor quality of care and evaluate the effectiveness of our programs. Through these analyses, we identify and implement interventions that improve health outcomes, advance health equity and ensure members receive timely, appropriate services. The value and accuracy in the data we collect is important in demonstrating an auditable program for federal and state agencies. Member programs and services . Our comprehensive set of programs and services help members achieve whole-person health while supporting the overall goals of the government program. Covered healthcare benefits vary from customer to customer but cover a wide range of services, including transportation assistance, provision of durable medical equipment, behavioral health and substance use disorder services, 24-hour nurse advice line, social work services and telehealth services. Value-based arrangements. Our health plans offer a combination of value-based contracting models, including quality incentives and risk arrangements, that address the continuum of whole-person care. We believe value-based collaboration with providers leads to improved health outcomes, reduced costs and better member and provider experiences. 8 Table of Contents Providers For each of our service areas, we establish a provider network consisting of primary and specialty care physicians, hospitals, behavioral health practitioners and ancillary providers. Our network of primary care physicians is a critical component of care delivery, healthcare affordability, and the attraction and retention of new members. Primary care physicians include family and general practitioners, pediatricians and internal medicine physicians. Specialty care physicians provide medical care to members generally upon referral by primary care physicians. Specialty care physicians include a wide array of provider types including, but not limited to, orthopedic surgeons, cardiologists and otolaryngologists. We also build robust networks of mental health providers, such as psychiatrists, social workers, substance abuse disorder facilities, and inpatient behavioral health facilities. We also contract with providers on a negotiated fee arrangement for physical therapy, home healthcare, diagnostic laboratory tests, x-ray examinations, ambulance services and durable medical equipment. Our health plans facilitate access to healthcare services for our members primarily through contracts with our providers. Our contracts with primary and specialty care physicians and hospitals are usually for a term of one to three years and usually renew automatically for successive one-year terms, but generally are subject to termination by either party upon prior written notice. In the absence of a contract, we typically pay providers at applicable state or federal reimbursement levels and guidelines, depending on the product (for example, Medicaid or Medicare). We pay providers under a variety of methods, including fee-for-service, capitation arrangements and value-based arrangements. Under our fee-for-service contracts with providers, we pay a negotiated fee for covered services, which may include a case rate or fee-for service. This model is characterized as having no financial risk for the provider. Under our capitated contracts, providers can be paid a set amount for their services as outlined in their respective provider agreements, usually on a per member per month basis and sometimes including different rates depending on the age of the population. Under value-based arrangements, providers can be paid under either a capitated or fee-for-service model. The arrangement, however, contains provisions for additional payments to the providers or reimbursement from the providers based on their performance against quality and other measures. We are committed to value-based contracting, upside and downside risk, assigning members to the highest quality providers and capitation. This is done in partnership with our providers to increase quality outcomes and overall member satisfaction. We anticipate our membership in upside and downside risk arrangements will continue to grow. The continuum of value-based contracting includes the following models: pay-for-performance, shared savings, shared risk and full risk. We often start our provider relationships in a pay-for-performance model, in which providers are reimbursed for the fair market value of services provided. Providers benefit from this model as it gives complete transparency and clarity on actions that earn incentives. We then transition to a risk-sharing model, in which providers are reimbursed based on the total cost of care. As we advance along this continuum, it strengthens our partnerships with our providers, enabling the delivery of high-quality care. We believe having the strongest provider partners who know how to operate well in a value-based model and who can help us drive positive outcomes for our members and good member experience is more important than owning providers, which occurs on an exception basis. Prioritizing partnership over ownership allows us to be agile and capital-efficient, focusing our resources on what we do best. We work with physicians to help them operate efficiently by providing actionable financial and utilization information, physician and patient educational programs and disease and population health management programs. Our programs are also designed to help physicians coordinate care rendered by other providers. We believe our local and collaborative approach with physicians and other providers gives us a competitive advantage in entering new markets. Our contracted physicians serve on local committees that assist us in implementing preventive care programs, optimizing costs and improving the overall quality of care delivered to our members, while also simplifying the administrative burdens on our providers. This approach has enabled us to strengthen our provider networks through improved physician recruitment and retention which, in turn, has helped to increase our membership base. 9 Table of Contents The following are among the services we provide to support physicians: Provider Engagement Performance Tools and Processes can lead to measurable improvements in quality and health outcomes, healthcare costs and member satisfaction. High-quality provider support and service levels are important as our key customers are increasingly using performance-based measures to select and pay health plans. We have a suite of network performance tools for use by physicians and other providers which monitor the outcomes and care gaps of their individual patient panels. Provider Engagement and Quality teams meet with the providers to review their performance issues and recommend strategies for improvements in their patient panel outcome, including disease management and quality initiatives. Our tools also allow the physician and others to see where they stand within their value-based contract. Our Integrated Care Model is member-centric and managed by one care manager assigned to a member who looks at the care for the member in a holistic manner. This single care manager will coordinate all care for that member including behavioral health, medical health and home-based primary care in accordance with an individualized, integrated care plan. This care manager also coordinates meetings with the member's integrated care team to assess and alter the care plan as needed. This results in better clinical outcomes and improved member satisfaction. The Provider Portal delivers claims and eligibility information, prior authorization submissions and status, member panels, care gaps, patient analytics and provider analytics to contracted providers to drive provider engagement and improve patient outcomes. Data and reporting are delivered via our secure, user-friendly web-based provider portal or a third-party, payor-agnostic portal which supports a more streamlined workflow for providers. Our contracted physicians also benefit from several of the services offered to our members and population health management programs, which assist physicians in managing their patients with chronic diseases. Quality Improvement Quality improvement is foundational for our organization. Our commitment to achieving better health outcomes for our members has led to expanded focus and investment on key initiatives involving people, processes, technology and partnership management. Through these initiatives, we have: continued to standardize core quality processes and programs, including those focused on member engagement and care gap closure, encouraging members' active participation with primary care physicians and their care team; expanded the use of advanced analytics and enhanced our real-time operational dashboards to strategically track numerous quality performance and benchmarks; enhanced data availability to improve our ability to identify and analyze member care gaps, enabling more informed decision-making and personalized interventions to improve member satisfaction; advanced local relationships with providers to improve access and quality of care for our members as this will drive greater quality care outcomes. In connection with these initiatives, we have utilized artificial intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and predictive modeling in ways that lower costs, advance access to value-based care and increase operational efficiencies for each of our employees, members, vendors and provider partners. We have developed policies and a governance structure to review appropriate use and evaluate model output to consistently keep "Humans in the Loop". We serve a diverse and largely vulnerable member population, and our data science team collaborates closely in the development of the use of AI technology to ensure that the risks of harmful bias are appropriately mitigated. Importantly, we do not use AI to deny requests for prior authorization. Our clinicians are at the forefront of member-facing model development and evaluation, and we employ a layered approach to keep "Humans in the Loop" through model training, monitoring, and active human engagement in decision-making. We believe these initiatives will improve members' overall health and healthcare experience and help us achieve stronger quality scores overall, such as Medicare Star ratings, Medicaid HPR and Marketplace QRS. 10 Table of Contents CMS developed the Medicare Advantage Five-Star Quality Rating System to help consumers choose among competing plans, awarding between 1.0 and 5.0 Stars to Medicare Advantage plans based on performance on composite measures of quality. The parent organization's Star rating is used for new Medicare Advantage contracts while existing contracts follow their individual Star ratings to determine bonus payments. Plans receive additional Medicare revenue related to the achievement of higher Star ratings that can be used to offer more attractive benefit packages to members and/or achieve higher profit margins. In addition, plans with Star ratings of 5.0 are eligible for year-round open enrollment, whereas plans with lower Star ratings have more restrictions on enrollment criteria and timing. Part C or Part D Medicare plans with Star ratings of fewer than three stars for three consecutive years are denoted as "low performing" plans on the CMS website and in the CMS "Medicare and You" handbook. In addition, CMS has the authority to terminate the Medicare Advantage and PDP contracts for plans rated below three Stars for three consecutive years for any Part (C or D). As a result, plans that achieve higher Star ratings may have a competitive advantage over plans with lower Star ratings. As further validation of our quality objectives, we pursue accreditation by independent organizations that have been established to promote healthcare quality. NCQA Health Plan programs provide unbiased, third-party reviews to verify and publicly report results on specific quality metrics including Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS) and Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (CAHPS). We pursue and achieve accreditation in the majority of states where we currently have health plan operations. We also verify the credentials and backgrounds of our partner providers using standards supported by NCQA to ensure the quality of our networks. Accreditation is another way to demonstrate our ability to provide access to quality care for our members as well as supporting state specific requirements. The majority of state Medicaid programs also have specific quality measures that drive our clinical quality improvement efforts. Performance is monitored by health plan quality improvement committees and our corporate population health management and quality improvement teams. We remain committed to our quality initiatives and continue to focus on investments that we expect to translate into value over the next few years. ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE Our Ethics and Compliance Program assists the organization in developing effective internal controls that promote the prevention, detection and correction of fraud, waste and abuse and instances of conduct that do not conform to federal and state law, private payor healthcare program requirements or our ethics and business policies. Responsibilities also include the ongoing maintenance of our privacy program and oversight of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) as it pertains to us and our business units from a compliance, business and technical perspective. CMS sets forth requirements that govern corporate compliance programs in the healthcare industry. Additionally, compliance programs are assessed against regulations and guidelines such as: the Federal Organizational Sentencing Guidelines, the Department of Justice's Evaluation of Corporate Compliance Programs, and the Compliance Program Guidance series issued by the Department of Health and Human Services' Office of the Inspector General. There are seven elements suggested by these authorities to ensure an effective compliance program. These seven elements are: written standards of conduct; designation of compliance officers and compliance committees; effective training and education; effective lines for reporting and communication; enforcement of standards through well-publicized disciplinary guidelines and actions; internal monitoring and auditing; and prompt response to detected offenses and development of corrective action plans. 11 Table of Contents The goal of our Ethics and Compliance Program is to build a culture of integrity, ethics and compliance, which is assessed periodically to measure engagement and effectiveness. Our Ethics and Compliance intranet site, accessible to all team members, links to our Code of Conduct and guidance for team members to assist them in reporting concerns or asking questions. Our Ethics and Compliance Helpline is a toll-free number and web-based reporting tool operated by a third-party independent of the Company and allows team members or other persons to anonymously report suspected incidents of misconduct, fraud, waste, abuse or other compliance violations, concerns or questions. Furthermore, our Board of Directors' Audit and Compliance Committee reviews ethics and compliance report data quarterly. CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY Our steadfast commitment to the health and social well-being of our communities, fostering a healthy environment and our culture of sound and ethical corporate governance, extends far beyond individual programs or initiatives. We provide access to high-quality healthcare, innovative programs, and a wide range of health solutions that help people live healthier lives. Our mission is to transform the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time. Our Corporate Sustainability Framework (the Framework) is comprised of areas of focus core to our mission, our strategy, and to delivering positive impact and long-term value to our stakeholders. The Framework highlights our commitment to healthy individuals and healthy communities and builds upon our long history of identifying and removing barriers to health. Implementation of the Framework is overseen by the Board of Directors' Governance Committee and corporate sustainability initiatives throughout the organization are driven by a cross-functional network of executives. We issue an annual Corporate Responsibility Report, which highlights how we advance our strategy in a way that proudly reflects our mission and values. Our Corporate Sustainability Framework and Inclusive Business Practices are core to these efforts, guiding us to operate responsibly across economic, social, and environmental dimensions while embedding inclusion and experiential intelligence throughout our business decisions, strategies, and workforce development. This report shows how these principles shape operations, strengthen access, and improve outcomes for the diverse populations we serve. We also annually issue a Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index report outlining our governance structure, strategy, risks, opportunities and metrics related to managing climate change, and a SASB Index report aligned with the SASB Managed Care standards maintained by the International Sustainability Standards Board providing corporate sustainability disclosures to our stakeholders. Corporate sustainability financial reporting disclosures are overseen by the Board of Directors' Audit and Compliance Committee. Interested parties can find our corporate sustainability-related reports within the Investors section of our website at https://investors.centene.com/sustainability. Please note: Nothing on our website, including our corporate sustainability reports or sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. COMPETITION We operate in a highly competitive and evolving industry characterized by business consolidations, strategic partnerships, market pressures, and ongoing regulatory and legislative changes at both at the federal and state levels, including healthcare reform initiatives described under the heading "Regulation." Shifts in the political environment may further influence the competitive landscape. We compete with MCOs, specialty providers and emerging non-traditional entrants to secure and retain state, county, federal, and commercial contracts. Government agencies evaluate multiple factors before awarding contracts, including quality of care, provider network access, administrative efficiency, financial strength, prior performance, and local market investments. Competition also extends to member acquisition and retention. Individuals typically select health plans based on quality of care and services, provider network inclusion, ease of access, and supplemental benefits. Key drivers of our competitive position include: Breadth and pricing of benefit plans Size and quality of provider networks Service quality and responsiveness Quality ratings and reputation Financial stability and resources Comprehensive coverage and product diversity Local market presence We also compete to build and maintain provider networks. Providers consider member volume, reimbursement rates, experience with value-based payment programs, speed of payment, and administrative support when contracting with health plans. See "Risk Factors - Competition may limit our ability to increase penetration of the markets that we serve . " 12 Table of Contents The relative importance of these factors and the identity of our competitors vary by geography and product line. We believe that our scale, diversified offerings, strong provider relationships and commitment to quality position us to compete effectively across markets. REGULATION Our operations are comprehensively regulated at the local, state and federal levels. Government regulation of the provision of healthcare products and services is a changing area of law that varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. States have implemented National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) model laws and regulations, requiring governance practices and risk and solvency assessment reporting. States have adopted these or similar measures to enhance oversight relating to corporate governance and internal controls of health maintenance organizations (HMOs) and insurance companies. We are required to maintain a risk management framework and file reports with state insurance regulators. Regulatory agencies have substantial discretion to issue regulations and to interpret and enforce laws and rules. Changes in the regulatory environment and applicable laws and rules also may occur periodically, including in connection with changes in political party or administration at the state and federal levels. The ultimate content, timing or effect of any potential future legislation enacted under new administrations remains uncertain. Our regulated subsidiaries are licensed to operate as HMOs, preferred provider organizations (PPOs), third-party administrators (TPAs), utilization review organizations, pharmacies, direct care providers and/or insurance companies in their respective states. In each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are regulated by the relevant health and/or human services departments, Medicaid agencies, boards of pharmacy and other healthcare providers, departments of insurance, and departments of health that oversee the activities of MCOs and health plans providing or arranging to provide services to enrollees. The process for obtaining authorization to operate as an MCO, health insurance plan, PDP, pharmacy or provider organization is complex and requires us to demonstrate to the regulators the adequacy of the health plan's organizational structure, financial resources, utilization review, quality assurance programs, billing protocols, complaint procedures, provider network and procedures for covering emergency medical conditions. For example, under state MCO statutes and insurance laws, our health plan subsidiaries, as well as companies within our Other segment, must comply with minimum statutory capital and other financial solvency requirements, such as deposit and surplus requirements. Insurance regulations may also require prior state approval of acquisitions of other MCO businesses and the payment of dividends, as well as notice for loans or the transfer of funds. Our subsidiaries are also subject to periodic state and federal reporting requirements. In addition, each health plan and individual healthcare provider must meet criteria to secure the approval of state regulatory authorities before implementing certain operational changes, including, without limitation, changes to existing offerings, the development of new product offerings, certain organizational restructurings and, in some states, the expansion of service areas. States have adopted a number of laws and regulations that may affect our business and results of operations. These laws and regulations, in certain states, include: premium taxes or similar assessments imposed on us; stringent prompt payment laws requiring us to pay claims within a specified period of time; mandated coverage of specific drugs or services; state-specific medical loss ratios that may be more stringent than federal requirements; disclosure requirements regarding provider fee schedules and coding procedures; and programs to monitor and supervise the activities and financial solvency of provider groups. We are regulated as an insurance holding company and are subject to the insurance holding company acts of the states in which our insurance company and HMO subsidiaries are domiciled. These acts contain certain reporting requirements as well as restrictions on transactions between an insurer or HMO and its affiliates. These holding company laws and regulations generally require insurance companies and HMOs within an insurance holding company system to register with the insurance department of each state where they are domiciled and to file with those states' insurance departments reports describing their capital structure, ownership, financial condition, intercompany transactions and general business operations. In addition, depending on the size and nature of the transaction, various notice and reporting requirements generally apply to transactions between insurance companies and HMOs and their affiliates within an insurance holding company structure. Some insurance holding company laws and regulations require prior regulatory approval or, in certain circumstances, prior notice of certain material intercompany transfers of assets as well as certain transactions between insurance companies, HMOs, their parent holding companies and affiliates. Among other provisions, state insurance and HMO laws may restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. 13 Table of Contents Additionally, the holding company regulations of the states in which our subsidiaries are domiciled restrict the ability of any person to obtain control of an insurance company or HMO without prior regulatory approval. Under those statutes, without such approval or an exemption, no person may acquire any voting security of an insurance holding company that controls an insurance company or HMO, or merge with such a holding company, if as a result of such transaction such person would "control" the insurance holding company. "Control" is generally defined in state insurance laws as the direct or indirect power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a company and is presumed to exist if a person directly or indirectly owns or controls 10% or more of the voting securities of a company. PPO laws and regulations also vary by state and cover all or most of the subject areas referred to above. Our pharmacies must be licensed to do business as pharmacies in the states in which they are located. Our pharmacies must also register with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and individual state-controlled substance authorities to dispense controlled substances. Our healthcare providers must be licensed to practice medicine and do business as care providers in the state in which they are located. In addition, they must be in good standing with the applicable medical board, board of nursing or other applicable entity. Furthermore, they must not be excluded from participation at either the state or federal levels. Our facilities are periodically reviewed by state departments of health and other regulatory agencies to ensure the environments are safe to provide care. Federal law has also implemented other health programs that are partially funded by the federal government, such as Medicaid and Medicare programs. Our Medicaid programs are regulated and administered by various state regulatory bodies. Federal funding remains critical to the viability of these programs. Federal law permits the federal government to oversee and, in some cases, to enact, regulations and other requirements that must be followed by states with respect to these programs. Medicare is administered at the federal level by CMS. Comprehensive legislation, specifically Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, governs our Medicare program. In addition, our Medicare contracts are subject to regulation by CMS. CMS has the right to audit Medicare contractors and the healthcare providers and administrative contractors who provide certain services on their behalf to determine the quality of care being rendered and the degree of compliance with CMS contracts and regulations. The ACA transformed the U.S. healthcare system through a series of complex initiatives. Some of the ACA's most significant provisions include the imposition of fees, assessments and taxes; the establishment of federally-facilitated and state-based Health Insurance Marketplaces where individuals and small groups may purchase health coverage; the implementation of certain premium stabilization programs designed to apportion risk amongst insurers; and optional Medicaid Expansion. State and federal regulators have continued to provide additional guidance and specificity to the ACA, and we continue to monitor this new information and evaluate its potential impact on our business. For a further discussion of the ACA, see "Risk Factors - Significant changes to the ACA and the other government-sponsored healthcare programs in which we participate could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. " We must also comply with laws and regulations related to the award, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts. Government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and, in some instances, impose added costs on our business. For example, money laundering is a method of attempting to conceal the origins of money gained through illegal activity and is itself a crime that can result in substantial criminal and civil sanctions including fines and imprisonment. To ensure compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations, it is our policy to conduct business only with legitimate customers and counterparties whose funds are derived from legitimate commercial activity. A violation of specific laws and regulations by us and/or our agents could result in, among other things, the imposition of fines and penalties on us, changes to our business practices, the termination of our contracts or debarment from bidding on contracts. State and Federal Businesses; Contracts In addition to being a licensed insurance company or HMO, in order to be a Medicaid MCO in each of the states in which we operate, we generally must operate under a contract with the state's Medicaid agency. States generally either use a formal request for proposal process, reviewing a number of bidders, or award individual contracts to qualified applicants that apply for entry to the program. Under these state Medicaid program contracts, we receive monthly payments based on specified capitation rates determined on an actuarial basis. These rates differ by membership category and by state depending on the specific benefits and policies adopted by each state. In addition, several of our Medicaid contracts require us to maintain Medicare Advantage D-SNPs, which are regulated by CMS and the state Medicaid agency, for dual-eligible individuals within the state. 14 Table of Contents We provide Medicare Advantage, PDPs, D-SNPs and MMPs pursuant to contracts with CMS and subject to federal regulation regarding the award, administration and performance of such contracts. CMS also has the right to audit our performance to determine our compliance with these contracts, other CMS regulations, and the quality of care we provide to Medicare beneficiaries under these contracts. As of December 31, 2025, we operated in 29 states under federally-facilitated Marketplace contracts with CMS and state-based exchanges. We also operate under a Memorandum of Understanding with the Arkansas Department of Human Services Division of Medical Services and the Arkansas Insurance Department to participate in the Medicaid expansion model that Arkansas has adopted (referred to as AR Health and Opportunity for Me program). Our state and federal contracts and the legal and regulatory provisions applicable to us generally set forth requirements for operating, including provisions relating to: eligibility, enrollment and dis-enrollment processes; covered services; eligible providers; subcontractors; record-keeping and record retention; periodic financial and informational reporting; quality assurance; accreditation; health education and wellness and prevention programs; timeliness of claims payment; financial standards; safeguarding of member information; fraud, waste and abuse detection and reporting; grievance procedures; use and compensation of brokers; and organization and administrative systems. A health plan or individual health insurance provider's compliance with these requirements is subject to significant monitoring by state regulators and by CMS, including monthly, quarterly and annual reporting, all of which are generally state-specific. A health plan is also subject to periodic comprehensive quality assurance evaluations by a third-party reviewing organization and generally by the insurance department of the jurisdiction that licenses the health plan. A health plan or individual health insurance provider must also submit reports to various regulatory agencies, including quarterly and annual statutory financial statements and utilization reports. Our health plans operate through individual state contracts, generally with an initial term of one to five years. The contracts often have renewal or extension terms or are renewable through the state's reprocurement process. The contracts generally are subject to termination for cause, an event of default or lack of funding, among other things. Our federally-facilitated Marketplace contracts and state-based exchanges are renewable on an annual basis. Other Fraud, Waste and Abuse Laws Investigating and prosecuting healthcare fraud, waste and abuse continues to be a top priority for state and federal law enforcement agencies. These efforts span multiple products, including Medicare, Medicaid, Health Insurance Marketplace and commercial plans. Pertinent fraud, waste and abuse laws include the federal False Claims Act, which prohibits the known filing of a false claim or the known use of false statements to obtain payment from the federal government. Many states have their own statutes that closely resemble the federal False Claims Act. A plan or provider may engage in other activities that violate fraud, waste and abuse laws, such as paying or receiving kickbacks or other inducements for the referral of members or coverage of products (such as prescription drugs), billing for unnecessary medical services or making false or misleading sales-related representations. 15 Table of Contents Our program integrity efforts aim to detect, prevent and correct fraud, waste and abuse. In addition to investigating leads from members, providers and our own team members, we use data analytics to identify suspicious activity and, as appropriate, will deny improperly billed claims, recover improperly made payments and make referrals to regulatory entities and law enforcement for further review. The laws and regulations relating to fraud, waste and abuse and the requirements applicable to health plans, PDPs and providers participating in these programs are complex and change regularly. Compliance with these laws may require substantial resources. We are constantly looking for ways to improve our fraud, waste and abuse detection methods through new technology and enhanced analytics. While we have both prospective and retrospective processes to identify abusive patterns and fraudulent billing, our anti-fraud strategy continues to focus on increasing our capabilities to proactively detect inappropriate billing prior to payment. Privacy Regulations We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and rules regarding the use, security and disclosure of protected health information, personal information and other categories of confidential or legally protected data that our businesses handle. Such laws and rules include, without limitation, HIPAA, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Modernization Act of 1999 (Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act) and state privacy and security laws such as the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act and the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Privacy and security laws and regulations often change due to new or amended legislation, regulations or administrative interpretation. A variety of state and federal regulators enforce these laws, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the Federal Trade Commission, state attorneys general and other state regulators. HIPAA is designed to improve the portability and continuity of health insurance coverage, simplify the administration of health insurance through standard transactions and ensure the privacy and security of individual health information. Among the requirements of HIPAA are the Administrative Simplification provisions which include: standards for processing health insurance claims and related transactions (Transactions Standards); requirements for protecting the privacy and limiting the use and disclosure of medical records and other personal health information (Privacy Rule); and standards and specifications for safeguarding personal health information which is maintained, stored or transmitted in electronic format (Security Rule). The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health (HITECH) Act amended certain provisions of HIPAA and enhanced data security obligations for covered entities and their business associates. HITECH also mandated individual notifications in instances of a data breach, provided enhanced penalties for HIPAA violations and granted enforcement authority to states' Attorneys General in addition to the HHS Office for Civil Rights. The HIPAA Omnibus Rule further enhanced the changes under the HITECH Acts and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 which clarified that genetic information is protected under HIPAA and prohibits most health plans from using or disclosing genetic information for underwriting purposes. These regulations also establish significant criminal penalties and civil sanctions for non-compliance. The preemption provisions of HIPAA provide that the federal standards will not preempt state laws that are more stringent than the related federal requirements. The Privacy and Security Rules and HITECH/Omnibus enhancements established requirements to protect the privacy of medical records and safeguard personal health information maintained and used by healthcare providers, health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and their business associates. The Security Rule requires healthcare providers, health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and their business associates to implement administrative, physical and technical safeguards to ensure the privacy and confidentiality of health information electronically stored, maintained or transmitted. The HITECH Act and Omnibus Rule enhanced a federal requirement for notification when the security of protected health information is breached. In addition, there are state laws that have been adopted to provide for, among other things, private rights of action for breaches of data security and mandatory notification to persons whose identifiable information is obtained without authorization. The requirements of the Transactions Standards apply to certain healthcare-related transactions conducted using "electronic media." Since "electronic media" is defined broadly to include "transmissions that are physically moved from one location to another using portable data, magnetic tape, disk or compact disk media," many communications are considered to be electronically transmitted. Under HIPAA, health plans and providers are required to have the capacity to accept and send all covered transactions in a standardized electronic format. Penalties can be imposed for failure to comply with these requirements. The Transactions Standards were modified in October 2015 with the implementation of the ICD-10 coding system. 16 Table of Contents In addition, we process and maintain personal card data, particularly in connection with our Marketplace business. As a result, we must maintain compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, which is a multifaceted security standard intended to optimize the security of credit, debit and cash card transactions and protect cardholders against misuse of their personal information. HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 61,100 team members. Our team members are guided by our mission-driven culture. Our culture values of accountability, courage, curiosity, trust and service guide