=== CI_2026-02-26.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS As a large global health company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition or the trading price of our securities. You should carefully consider each of the risks and uncertainties discussed below, together with other information 18 contained in this Form 10-K, including the MD&A. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following risk factors have been organized by category for ease of use; however, many of the risks may have impacts in more than one category. These categories, therefore, should be viewed as a starting point for understanding the significant risks facing us and not as a limitation on the potential impact of the matters discussed. Risk factors are not necessarily listed in order of importance. Risks Related to Our Business as a Health Company We must predict, price for and manage health care costs appropriately. We face price competition and other pressures that could compress our margins or result in premiums that are insufficient to cover the cost of services delivered to our customers. Our profitability depends in part on our ability to accurately predict, price for and effectively manage future health care costs. Relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of revenue can result in significant changes in our financial results. In addition to appropriately pricing health care costs, we must accurately manage costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and underwriting criteria. Our health care costs are also affected by external events that we cannot forecast or project and over which we have little or no control, including changes in laws and regulations, costly new treatments, new treatment guidelines, provider billing practices, inflation and changes in customers' health care utilization patterns, pandemics, natural disasters, and other large-scale medical emergencies. If we do not accurately price our health care costs, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. While we compete on the basis of many service- and quality-related factors, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. Our client contracts are subject to negotiation as clients seek to contain their costs, including by reducing benefits offered. Increasingly, our clients seek to negotiate performance guarantees that require us to pay penalties if the guaranteed performance standard is not met. Clients can easily move between our competitors and us. Our clients are well-informed and typically have knowledgeable consultants who seek competing bids from our competitors before contract renewal. For example, our Express Scripts client contracts generally have three-year terms and may be subject to periodic renegotiation of pricing terms based on market factors. If one or more of our large clients terminates or does not renew a contract for any reason, or if the provisions of a contract with a large client are modified with terms less favorable to us, our results of operations could be adversely affected, and we could experience a negative reaction in the investment community. A significant loss of customers or clients resulting from our need to increase or maintain premiums, administrative fees or reimbursement levels could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, as brokers and benefit consultants seek to enhance their revenue streams, they look to take on services that we typically provide. Each of these events could negatively impact our financial results. Strong competition within the pharmacy benefit business has generated greater demand for lower product and service pricing, increased revenue sharing, and enhanced product and service offerings. These competitive factors have historically applied pressure on our operating margins and caused many companies, including us, to reduce the prices charged for products and services while sharing with clients a greater portion of the formulary rebates and related fees received from pharmaceutical manufacturers. If we are unable to respond effectively, including through the implementation of a rebate-free model for our pharmacy benefit services clients, these trends could negatively impact our ability to attract or retain clients or sell additional services, which could negatively impact our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, legislative reforms and regulatory or executive actions related to rebates, reporting, owned pharmacies and other activities may adversely affect our ability to price our pharmacy products and services appropriately, as well as our competitive position, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Premiums in the Cigna Healthcare segment are generally set for a one-year period and are priced well in advance of the date on which the contract commences or renews. Federal and state regulatory agencies may restrict or prevent entirely our ability to implement changes in premium rates or collect certain administrative fees. Fiscal or other concerns related to the government-sponsored programs in which we participate may cause decreasing reimbursement rates, delays in premium payments, restrictions on implementing changes in premium rates or insufficient increases in reimbursement rates. Our participation in health insurance exchanges through our IFP offerings in certain states involves uncertainties associated with mix and volume of business and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 19 We operate in a highly competitive and evolving business environment, and our failure to compete effectively or differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We operate in a highly competitive, evolving and rapidly changing industry. Industry shifts have resulted and could result from, among other things: • a large intra- or inter-industry merger or industry consolidation; • strategic alliances; • new or alternative business models or new government options or offerings; • continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, as well as changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and health care providers; • new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health services industry; • the ability of larger employers and clients to contract directly with providers; • technological changes and rapid shifts in the use of technology, such as telehealth and AI; • the impact or consequences of legislation, executive actions or regulatory changes including premium rate increases, public debates over drug pricing, government involvement in drug pricing and purchasing, and public debate over current or proposed legislation; • impacts to distribution channels, including changes to the United States Postal Service or the consolidation of shipping carriers; • increased drug acquisition cost or unexpected changes to drug pricing trend; • changes in the generic/biosimilar drug market or the failure of new generic/biosimilar drugs to come to market; and • changes in utilization of health care, prescription drugs or other covered services and items, including under risk-based contracts in the health benefit management market and for those businesses that utilize risk adjustment methodology. Any significant shifts in the structure of the industry could alter industry dynamics and adversely affect our ability to attract or retain clients and customers. Our failure to anticipate or appropriately adapt to changes in the industry could negatively impact our competitive position and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We must remain competitive to attract new customers, retain existing customers and further integrate additional product and service offerings. We are subject to significant market pressures brought about by customer and client needs, legislative and regulatory developments, and other market factors. Our competitors may have greater, better or more established capabilities, resources, market share, reputation or business relationships, or lower profit margin or financial return expectations. Unless we can demonstrate greater value to our clients through innovative and cost-effective product and service offerings in the rapidly changing health care industry, we may be unable to remain competitive, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Additionally, to succeed in this highly competitive marketplace, we must maintain a strong reputation. Increasingly, our customers, clients and investors consider our efforts on a variety of matters that could impact our stakeholders, including our employees and the communities in which we operate. Our reputation may be negatively impacted by a failure to meet customer expectations for consistent, transparent, high-quality and accessible care or by other significant events, including a failure to execute on customer or client contracts or strategic or operational initiatives, failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or failure to innovate and deliver cost-effective products and services that demonstrate greater value to our customers. Negative publicity may come as a result of adverse media coverage, litigation against us and other industry participants, the ongoing public debates over the affordability, accessibility and transparency of health care, and social media and other media relations activities. Changes in drug pricing or industry pricing benchmarks could materially impact our financial performance. Contracts in the prescription drug industry, including our contracts with retail pharmacy networks and our pharmacy and specialty pharmacy clients, generally use pricing metrics published by third parties as benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. If these benchmarks are no longer published by third parties; if we, or our contractual partners, adopt other pricing benchmarks for establishing prices within the industry; if legislation or regulation requires the use of other pricing benchmarks; or if future changes in drug prices substantially deviate from our expectations, the short- or long-term impacts may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Additionally, laws such as the Inflation Reduction Act have granted CMS the ability to negotiate drug prices for high-cost Medicare Part D and Part B drugs, and other federal and state legislative proposals and executive actions can lead to residual effects as drug companies adjust pricing strategies for broader marketplaces, impacting which medications are prioritized. 20 If we lose our relationship with one or more key pharmaceutical manufacturers, or if the payments made or discounts provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We maintain relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers, which provide us with, among other things, discounts for drugs we purchase to be dispensed from our home delivery and specialty pharmacies; discounts, in the form of rebates, for drug utilization; fees for administering rebate programs, including invoicing, allocating and collecting rebates; fees for services provided to pharmaceutical manufacturers by our specialty pharmacies; and access to limited distribution specialty pharmaceuticals by our specialty pharmacies. Our contracts with pharmaceutical manufacturers are typically nonexclusive and terminable on relatively short notice by either party. The consolidation of pharmaceutical manufacturers, the termination or material alteration of our relationships, or our failure to renew contracts on market competitive terms could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, arrangements between payors and pharmaceutical manufacturers have been the subject of debate in various public and governmental forums. Our announced commitment to developing a rebate-free model may alter manufacturer contracting dynamics. Adoption of new laws, rules or regulations, or changes in - or new interpretations of - existing laws, rules or regulations relating to any of these programs could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. If significant changes occur within the pharmacy provider marketplace, or if other issues arise with respect to our pharmacy networks, including the loss of or adverse change in our relationship with one or more key pharmacy providers, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. More than 65,000 pharmacies participated in one or more of our networks as of December 31, 2025. The 10 largest retail pharmacy chains represent approximately 47% of the total number of stores in our largest network. In certain geographic areas of the United States, our networks may be comprised of higher concentrations of one or more large pharmacy chains. Contracts with retail pharmacies are generally nonexclusive and are terminable on relatively short notice by either party. If one or more of the larger pharmacy chains terminates its relationship with us, or is able to renegotiate terms substantially less favorable to us, our customers' access to retail pharmacies or our business could be materially adversely affected. We could also face harm to our relationships with large pharmacy chains depending upon changing competitive conditions. Changes in the overall composition of our pharmacy networks, including changes due to legislative, regulatory or executive action, or reduced pharmacy access under our networks, could have a negative impact on our claims volume or our competitiveness in the marketplace, which could cause us to fall short of certain guarantees in our contracts with clients or otherwise materially adversely impact our business or results of operations. The reserves we hold for expected medical claims are based on estimates that involve an extensive degree of judgment and are inherently variable. If actual claims exceed our estimates, our operating results could be materially adversely affected, and our ability to take timely corrective actions to contain future costs may be limited. We maintain and record medical claims reserves in our Consolidated Balance Sheets for estimated future payments. Our estimates of health care costs payable are based on a number of factors, including historical claim experience. This estimation process requires extensive judgment. Considerable variability is inherent in such estimates, and the accuracy of the estimates is highly sensitive to a number of factors including, among others, changes in medical claims submission and processing patterns or procedures; changes in customer base and product mix; changes in the utilization of prescription drugs, medical or other covered items or services; changes in medical cost trends; changes in our health management practices; changes in regulations; and the introduction of new benefits and products. If we are not able to accurately and promptly anticipate and detect medical cost trends, our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future costs and reflect our current benefit cost experience in our pricing process may be limited. Additionally, we must estimate the amount of rebates payable by us under the ACA's and CMS' minimum loss ratio rules and the amounts payable by us to, and receivable by us from, the federal government under the ACA's remaining premium stabilization program. Because establishing reserves is an inherently uncertain process involving estimates of future losses, there can be no certainty that ultimate losses will not exceed existing reserves, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. If we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care payors, physicians, hospitals and other health service providers and with, producers and consultants, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We contract with or employ physicians, hospitals and other health service providers and facilities to provide health services to our customers and patients. We also contract with health care payors (as a service provider to those payors). Our results of operations depend on our ability to contract for these services at competitive prices. In any particular market, physicians, hospitals and health service providers may enter into exclusive arrangements with competitors or simply refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or less desirable products or services for our customers. In some markets, certain providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations and multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant or controlling market positions that could result in a diminished bargaining position for us. If providers refuse to 21 contract with us, use their market position to negotiate more favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, certain regulations may impact our ability to obtain competitive prices. We establish collaborative care arrangements with physician groups, specialist groups, independent practice associations, hospitals and health care delivery systems to improve quality outcomes and medical cost performance. If such collaborative arrangements do not result in the lower medical costs that we project or do not improve value to our customers and clients, if we fail to attract health care providers to such arrangements or if we are less successful at implementing such arrangements than our competitors, our attractiveness to customers may be reduced and our ability to profitably grow our business o r improve value for our customers, patients and clients may be adversely affected. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with providers may also be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as increasing pressure on revenue and other pressures on health care providers; increasing consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups and providers; and changes in Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement levels or programming. Many factors, including continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other providers; the growth of accountable care organizations; vertical integration of providers and other entities; changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and providers; new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health services industry; and the use of new modes of health care delivery, including virtual care services, may affect the way providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape in which we operate. In some instances, these organizations may compete directly with us, potentially affecting the way we price our products and services or causing us to incur increased costs if we change our operations to be more competitive. Out-of-network providers for non-Medicare services are not limited by any agreement with us in the amounts they bill. While benefit plans place limits on the amount of charges that will be considered for reimbursement and regulations seek to prescribe payment levels, establish methodologies and dispute resolution processes, the outcome of disputes where we do not have a provider contract may cause us to pay higher medical or other benefit costs than we project. Additionally, our products and services, including a broad range of medical, pharmacy, specialty health, and ancillary benefit offerings, are sold in part through non-exclusive producers and consultants for whose services and allegiance we compete. Our sales could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to attract, retain and support such independent producers and consultants or if our enterprise sales strategy is not appropriately aligned across product lines and producer relationships. In managing medical practices and operating pharmacies, onsite clinics and other types of medical facilities, we may be subject to additional liability that could result in significant time and expense. In addition to contracting with physicians and other health care providers for services, we employ physicians, pharmacists, nurses and other health care providers at our home delivery and specialty pharmacies, onsite low-acuity and primary care practices that we manage and operate for our customers, and certain clinics for our employees. We also provide virtual primary care, urgent care, dermatology services and behavioral health services through clinicians that we employ, as well as through third-party contractors. As such, we may be subject to liability for certain acts, omissions or injuries caused by our employees or agents, or that occur at one of these practices, pharmacies or clinics. The defense of any actions may require diverting personnel and other resources and incurring significant costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation. There are various risks associated with participating in government-sponsored programs and providing services to payors who participate in government-sponsored programs, including dependence upon government funding, compliance with government contracts, and increased regulatory oversight and enforcement. Our Evernorth Health Services business provides services to government entities and payors participating in government health care programs, and our relationships with these government entities are subject to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. Additionally, through our U.S. Healthcare business, we contract with CMS and various state government agencies. Our revenues from government-funded programs, including our government clients, are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government or applicable state or local governments. Funding for these programs is dependent on many factors outside our control, including general economic conditions, continuing government efforts to contain health care costs, budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state or local level, and general political issues and priorities. These entities generally have the right to not renew or to cancel their contracts with us on short notice without cause or if funds are not available. Unanticipated changes in funding, such as the application of sequestration by the federal or state governments, retroactive rate adjustments, a delay by Congress in raising the federal debt ceiling, or the failure to provide for continued appropriations or regular ongoing scheduled payments to us, could substantially reduce our revenues or profitability or impact our liquidity. 22 Additionally, if we fail to comply with applicable state or federal regulatory or contractual requirements, including data submission, enrollment and marketing, provider network adequacy, provider directory accuracy, quality measures, claims payment, continuity of care, timely and accurate processing of appeals and grievances, oversight of first-tier downstream and related entities, and call center performance, we may be subject to administrative actions, including enrollment sanctions or contract termination, fines or other penalties or enforcement actions that could materially impact our profitability. Legal, Regulatory and Public Policy Risks Arising from Our Business Our business is subject to substantial government regulation, and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our business is regulated at the federal, state and international level. The laws and rules governing our business and related interpretations are increasing in number and complexity, are subject to frequent change, and can be inconsistent or in conflict with each other. Noncompliance with applicable regulations by us or third-party vendors could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation. We must identify, assess and respond to new trends in the legislative and regulatory environment, as well as comply with the various existing laws and regulations applicable to our business and respond to policymakers and enforcement agencies accordingly. We expect federal and state governments to continue to enact legislative and regulatory reforms that will or could materially impact various aspects of the health services system, including pharmacy benefits manager, drug pricing or insurance market reforms. These reforms could result in material changes to the way we conduct our business and could impact the market for our products. Existing or future laws, regulations, actions by governmental or regulatory authorities, or judgments could force us to change how we conduct our business; affect the products and services we offer and where we offer them; restrict revenue and enrollment growth; increase our costs, including medical, operating, health care technology and administrative costs; increase our liability; and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure and internal controls environment. For example, we are required to obtain and maintain approvals from state boards of pharmacy, departments of insurance, and other federal and state regulatory agencies to, among other things, market many of our products, expand into additional geographic or product markets, increase prices for certain regulated products, and consummate some of our acquisitions and dispositions. Delays in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals could reduce our revenue or increase our costs. Additionally, we must maintain licenses and registrations in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business, and the suspension, material adverse modification or termination of such licenses and registrations could adversely affect operations. Such licensure subjects many of our business operations and products to state regulation, as well as risks associated with doing business in those jurisdictions. Failure to effectively implement or adjust our strategic and operational initiatives, such as reducing operating costs, adjusting premium pricing or benefit design, or transforming our business model in response to new laws, regulatory changes or executive actions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our effective tax rate or tax payments could also be adversely affected by new laws or regulations, both within the United States and in other foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. While we believe that our historical tax positions are consistent with applicable laws, regulations and existing precedent, our tax positions could be challenged by relevant tax authorities, and we may not be successful in any such challenge. The market price of our securities may react to the announcement of such proposals. Customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders have focused on corporate governance, environmental stewardship and social matters. Environmental, social and governance-related laws and regulations, including those aimed at restricting the consideration of these factors by companies and requiring climate- and sustainability-related disclosures, and related stakeholder expectations have resulted, and may in the future result, in increased expenses and management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such laws, regulations or expectations. Overall, environmental, social and governance matters, and related stakeholder reactions, which may be conflicting or divergent, may impact our reputation and have other business impacts which could adversely affect our business. For more information on regulations affecting our business, see "Business – Regulation" in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. If we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards, our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. Most of our activities involve the receipt, use, storage, transmission or other processing of a substantial amount of PII, including PHI, as well as financial information (including payment card information) and other confidential and sensitive information about our clients and employees. The processing of such information is regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels, and requirements are imposed on us by industry standards and contracts with clients. In some cases, such laws, rules, regulations, industry 23 standards and contractual requirements also apply to our vendors and require us to obtain written assurances of their compliance with such requirements. At the federal level, we are subject to, among other laws and regulations, HIPAA, which requires business associates as well as covered entities to comply with specified privacy and security requirements. While 

=== CI_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS For information regarding factors that could affect the Company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A - "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table provides information about The Cigna Group share repurchase activity for the quarter ended March 31, 2026: Period Total # of shares purchased (1) Average price paid per share (1) (3) Total # of shares purchased as part of publicly announced program (2) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased as part of publicly announced program (3) (in millions) January 1 - 31, 2026 621 $ 271.97 — $ 6,730 February 1 - 28, 2026 247,549 $ 287.54 — $ 6,730 March 1 - 31, 2026 20,230 $ 276.51 — $ 6,730 Total 268,400 $ 286.67 — N/A (1) Includes shares tendered by employees under the Company's equity compensation plans as follows: 1) payment of taxes on vesting of restricted stock (grants and units) and strategic performance shares and 2) payment of the exercise price and taxes for certain stock options exercised. Employees tendered 621 shares in January, 247,549 shares in February and 20,230 shares in March 2026. (2) Additionally, the Company maintains a share repurchase program authorized by the Board. Under this program, the Company may repurchase shares from time to time, depending on market conditions and alternate uses of capital. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including price, general business and market conditions, and alternate uses of capital. The share repurchase program may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans, open market purchases, each in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, or privately negotiated transactions. The program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have an expiration date. (3) The average price paid per share and approximate dollar value of shares exclude the impact of excise tax. Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION Rule 10b5-1 Plan Elections During the three months ended March 31, 2026, the following 10b5-1 director and officer trading plan arrangement change occurred: 1. On February 6, 2026 , David Cordani , Chair and Chief Executive Officer of The Cigna Group , adopted a 10b5-1 plan. Mr. Cordani's plan provides for (i) the sale of shares of The Cigna Group common stock issuable upon vesting of performance awards (the actual number of shares depends on actual performance achieved and may range from 0% to 200% of the 62,366 shares subject to the awards at the target level of performance), net of shares withheld to satisfy applicable tax obligations; and (ii) the exercise of up to 212,543 vested stock options and the associated sale of shares of The Cigna Group common stock acquired upon exercise to cover the exercise price, applicable tax obligations and fees and 50% of the resulting net shares acquired upon exercise (such limitation reflecting The Cigna Group stock ownership guidelines), through April 30, 2027 . This trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Company's policies regarding insider transactions. 41 Item 6. EXHIBITS INDEX TO EXHIBITS Number Description Method of Filing 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Cigna Group Filed by the registrant as Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws of The Cigna Group Filed by the registrant as Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K on February 13, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 10.1* Offer Letter for David Cordani dated February 25, 2026 Filed herewith. 10.2* Offer Letter for Brian Evanko dated February 25, 2026 Filed herewith. 10.3* Form of The Cigna Group Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “Cigna LTIP”): Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Agreement Filed herewith. 10.4* Form of Cigna LTIP: Strategic Performance Share Grant Agreement Filed herewith. 10.5* Form of Cigna LTIP: Restricted Stock Grant Agreement Filed herewith. 10.6* Form of Cigna LTIP: Covenant Agreement Filed herewith. 10.7* Form of Cigna LTIP: Strategic Performance Share Grant Agreement for David Cordani Filed herewith. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of The Cigna Group pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed herewith. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of The Cigna Group pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed herewith. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of The Cigna Group pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Furnished herewith. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of The Cigna Group pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Furnished herewith. 101 The following materials from The Cigna Group Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Total Equity; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. * Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 42 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Date: April 30, 2026 THE CIGNA GROUP /s/ Ann M. Dennison Ann M. Dennison Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory) 43 