=== TTWO_2025-07-28.htm.gz ===
ttwo-20250728 0000946581 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD 0000946581 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 2023-04-01 2024-03-31 0000946581 2022-04-01 2023-03-31 0000946581 2021-04-01 2022-03-31 0000946581 2020-04-01 2021-03-31 0000946581 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 1 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 2 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 0000946581 3 2024-04-01 2025-03-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for use of the Commission only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. As we bring our exciting lineup to market, including Grand Theft Auto VI in Fiscal 2027, we expect to achieve record levels of Net Bookings that will establish a new baseline for our business and set us on a path of enhanced profitability. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. 110 West 44 th Street New York, NY 10036, USA Tel 646.536.2842 Fax 646.536.2926 www.take2games.com LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS Strauss Zelnick | July 28, 2025 Dear Shareholders: Fiscal 2025 was another strong year for our organization, during which we delivered Net Bookings of $5.65 billion . Throughout the year, we positioned our business for sustainable, long-term growth by releasing new hit titles and experiences across our labels; advancing the development of many key releases we plan to launch in the coming quarters; successfully acquiring Gearbox; and continuing to implement our previously-announced cost reduction program. We are highly confident in the path ahead for our business. Led by our top creative talent, our industry-leading portfolio of owned intellectual property, and our increasingly efficient infrastructure, we strive to create hit entertainment experiences delivered on every platform relevant to our audience through a variety of sound business models. As we bring our exciting lineup to market, including Grand Theft Auto VI in Fiscal 2027, we expect to achieve record levels of Net Bookings that will establish a new baseline for our business and set us on a path of enhanced profitability. We invite you to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. that will be held on September 18, 2025 , at 9:00 a.m. eastern time as a virtual, audio-only meeting hosted online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TTWO 2025 . Details of the business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting are provided in the attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement, which you are urged to read carefully. On or about August 1, 2025 , we expect to begin mailing to our shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials containing instructions on how to access our Proxy Statement and Annual Report and vote online. If you would like to receive a paper copy of our Proxy Statement and Annual Report, please follow the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Whether you plan to attend the meeting or not, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. After you read the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement, we urge you to cast your vote via the Internet, by completing and returning your proxy card , or by telephone. If the address on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or the accompanying materials is incorrect, please advise our Transfer Agent, Equiniti Trust Company LLC, in writing at 55 Challenger Road, Floor 2, Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660. We hope that you will attend the meeting and appreciate your continued support. Sincerely, Strauss Zelnick Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS SEPTEMBER 18, 2025 9:00 a.m. local time REVIEW YOUR PROXY STATEMENT AND VOTE IN ONE OF FOUR WAYS: INTERNET Visit the website on your proxy card BY TELEPHONE Call the telephone number on your proxy card BY MAIL Sign, date and return your proxy card in the enclosed envelope Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own. Please read the attached Proxy Statement carefully and complete and submit your proxy card via the Internet or telephone (as instructed on your proxy card) or sign and date your paper proxy card as promptly as possible and return it in the enclosed envelope. VIRTUAL, AUDIO-ONLY MEETING HOSTED ONLINE AT www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TTWO 2025 ITEMS OF BUSINESS 1. Election of 10 directors; 2. Approval, on a non-binding advisory basis, of the compensation of the Company s named executive officers as disclosed in the attached Proxy Statement; 3. Approval of an amendment and restatement of the Amended and Restated Take- Two Interactive Software, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan to increase the available shares reserved thereunder issuable to all of the Company s eligible employees and to extend the term of such plan; 4. Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026 ; and 5. Other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof. RECORD DATE Only shareholders of record at the close of business on July 23, 2025 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof. The Board of Directors believes that the election of the nominated directors, the approval on an advisory basis of the compensation of the named executive officers, the approval of an amendment and restatement of the Amended and Restated Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, and the ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and, accordingly, recommends a vote FOR for each of these proposals. To attend our Annual Meeting via the Internet, and ask questions relevant to the business of the meeting during the Annual Meeting , you must log in to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TTWO 2025 and enter the 16-digit control number on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card that accompanied the proxy materials. By Order of the Board of Directors, Matthew K. Breitman General Counsel Americas and Corporate Secretary July 28, 2025 PROXY STATEMENT Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on September 18, 2025 This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (the Company or Take-Two ) for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) to be held on September 18, 2025 , at 9:00 a.m. local time, including any adjournment or adjournments thereof, for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Company expects to either mail or provide notice and electronic delivery of this Proxy Statement and the enclosed form of proxy to shareholders on or about August 1, 2025 . Proxies in the accompanying form, duly executed and returned to the management of the Company and not revoked, will be voted at the Annual Meeting. A proxy may be revoked by the shareholder of record at any time prior to the voting of the proxy by a subsequently dated proxy, by written notification to the Secretary of the Company, or by personally withdrawing the proxy at the Annual Meeting and voting at the Annual Meeting. The address of the principal executive offices of the Company is 110 West 44 th Street, New York, New York 10036, and our telephone number is (646) 536-2842. The rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) require us to notify all shareholders, including those shareholders to whom we have mailed proxy materials, of the availability of our proxy materials through the Internet. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be held on September 18, 2025 Our Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders are available at http://www.proxyvote.com 4 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary 5 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 11 Corporate Governance and Board Practices 18 Board Leadership Structure 18 Board Committees 19 Director Selection Process 19 Attendance at Shareholder Meetings 21 Meetings of Directors 21 Board Oversight 21 Sustainability Matters 22 Board and Governance Policies 23 Other Executive Officers 25 Proposal 2: Non-binding Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers 26 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 27 Executive Summary 27 Detailed Discussion and Analysis 34 I. Objectives and Philosophy of Executive Compensation 35 II. Competitive Market Positioning 35 III. Compensation to Executive Chairman and CEO and President 36 IV. Other NEO Compensation 41 V. Principal Elements of Non-ZMC Related Executive Compensation 41 VI. Operation of the Compensation Committee 46 VII. Compensation Governance Practices 47 Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 49 Risk Assessment of Overall Compensation Program 49 Executive Compensation 50 Voting Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 68 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 70 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance 77 Proposal 3: Approval of an Amendment and Restatement of the Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Incentive Plan 78 Proposal 4: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 91 Independent Registered Public Accountants 92 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 93 Cautionary Note About Forward-Looking Statements 94 Information about the Annual Meeting and Voting 94 Availability of Certain Documents 99 No Incorporation By Reference 99 Shareholder Proposals for Next Annual Meeting 100 Other Matters 100 Annex A Reconciliation of GAAP Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA A-1 Annex B Amended and Restated Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan B-1 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 5 PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement and does not include all of the information that you should consider. Please read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Time and Date Location Record Date September 18, 2025 , at 9:00 a.m. Virtual, audio-only meeting hosted online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TTWO 2025 July 23, 2025 Voting Matters and Board Recommendations Item Proposal Board s Recommendation Page Number 1. Election of 10 director nominees FOR (each nominee) 11 2. Advisory vote to approve executive compensation FOR 26 3. Approval of an Amendment and Restatement of the Amended and Restated Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan to increase the available shares reserved thereunder issuable to all of the Company s eligible employees and to extend the term of such plan FOR 78 4. Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026 ( fiscal 2026 ) FOR 91 Company Performance Highlights The Company delivered strong financial results in our fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 ( fiscal 2025 ) through continued execution on our strategy to capitalize on the popularity of video games by developing and publishing high-quality interactive entertainment experiences across a range of genres. Fiscal 2025 Financial and Operating Results Net Revenue $5.63 Billion Net Bookings (operating metric) $5.65 Billion Net Revenue by Platform Console, PC and Other $2.69 Billion 47.8% of Net Revenue Recurrent Consumer Spending (virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases) Mobile $4.47 Billion 79.4% of Net Revenue $2.94 Billion 52.2% of Net Revenue 6 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement PROXY SUMMARY BOARD OF DIRECTORS HIGHLIGHTS Board of Directors Highlights Our 10 nominees include nine independent, outside directors who as a group have extensive management experience, subject matter expertise, and knowledge that is critical to the Company. Board Best Practices Active and empowered lead independent director role Deliberate approach to Board refreshment, including the addition of five new independent directors in the past eight years, and rotation of leadership positions Annual election of all directors Annual self-evaluations by the Board of Directors and its Committees, as well as biennial individual interviews of each director by an outside third party Majority vote standard for uncontested director elections 9 out of 10 current director nominees are independent Board membership marked by leadership and a variety of perspectives Outside Directorship Policy pursuant to which none of our directors may serve on more than 3 other public boards Annual performance review of the Chairman and CEO and other members of the executive management team by independent directors Board Composition Tenure Age Diversity 5 DIRECTORS (50% OF THE BOARD) ADDED OVER THE LAST 8 YEARS 90% INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 7 PROXY SUMMARY BOARD OF DIRECTORS HIGHLIGHTS Other Public Boards Committee Memberships Name Age Director Since Principal Occupation Independent Audit Compensation Corporate Governance Executive LaVerne Srinivasan Lead Independent Director since September 21, 2023 63 March 2017 Vice President, Carnegie Corporation of New York 0 Michael Dornemann 79 March 2007 Retired Chairman and CEO, Bertelsmann Entertainment 0 William Bing Gordon 75 May 2022 Partner, Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers 1 Roland Hernandez 67 September 2019 Founding Principal and CEO of Hernandez Media Ventures 2 J Moses 66 March 2007 Principal, J Moses Projects 0 Michael Sheresky 57 March 2007 Partner, United Talent Agency 0 Ellen Siminoff 57 May 2022 Seasoned media and technology executive and board member 1 Susan Tolson 63 March 2014 Retired Portfolio Manager, Capital Research and Management Company 1 Paul Viera 66 May 2018 CEO, Earnest Partners LLC 0 Strauss Zelnick 68 March 2007 Chairman and CEO, Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. 1 Member Chair 8 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement PROXY SUMMARY SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Shareholder Engagement We were pleased that our Say-on-Pay vote received 86% support at our 2024 annual meeting of shareholders after our extensive outreach and efforts to implement shareholder feedback. The Board of Directors continues to place a premium on our extensive, year-round shareholder engagement practice, which facilitates an ongoing, two-way dialogue on topics our shareholders find most important. Our Board members are regular participants alongside management in these critically important conversations where we discuss a diverse range of topics, including board, governance, sustainability, and executive compensation practices. Shareholder Engagement Following the 2024 Annual Meeting Shareholders Contacted Engaged with Director-Led Discussions ~58.6% ~32.9% ~26.5% of our outstanding common stock of our outstanding common stock of our outstanding common stock All percentages represent ownership of Take-Two outstanding common stock as reported by our shareholders most recent filings as of the date of this Proxy Statement. For more information regarding the Company s shareholder engagement, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis- Shareholder Outreach. Sustainability The Company continued to focus on sustainability this year. We published our third Impact Report in September 2024 which included select disclosure against the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards. O ur fourth Impact Report is scheduled to be published in September 2025. We also publish a standalone report on the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure recommendations, which, along with a copy of our Impact Report, is posted on the Company s website at www.take2games.com and can be accessed by clicking on Investors. The information on our website referenced herein is not incorporated by reference in this Proxy Statement. The Board of Directors provides oversight to this area through the Corporate Governance Committee, which oversees and reviews our sustainability strategy and guides long-term climate strategy. We are continuing to develop our sustainability strategy and commitments to help drive positive change across our industry and society. See Proposal 1: Election of Directors Corporate Governance and Board Practices Sustainability Matters for additional details. Corporate Governance Highlights The Company s sound governance practices and policies demonstrate the Board s commitment to strong corporate governance, effective risk management and robust independent oversight of management by the Board. The Company s governance highlights include: Extensive, year-round shareholder engagement Annual evaluation of the Board and its Committees Annual review of Board leadership structure Ongoing review and refreshment of Board leadership and composition Lead Independent Director with clearly defined role and responsibilities Board oversight of risk management and Sustainability matters Shareholder right to call special meetings Shareholder right to act by written consent No supermajority voting requirements Strong anti-hedging, anti-pledging and insider trading policies Independent Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance Committee Annual Succession Planning oversight Annual review of Director Time Commitments TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 9 PROXY SUMMARY EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM HIGHLIGHTS Executive Compensation Program Highlights The Company maintains strong compensation governance practices that support our pay-for-performance principles and align management incentives with the interests of our shareholders. A substantial portion of our Company s executive compensation opportunity in fiscal 2025 was performance- b ased . We have also adopted a number of best practices with respect to executive compensation, including: Clawback policy applicable to NEOs, including ZMC Advisors, L.P. ( ZMC ) Incentive caps on annual bonuses to NEOs Strong anti-hedging and anti-pledging policies Double-trigger acceleration of vesting on a change in control Meaningful stock ownership requirements (6x per annum management fee, excluding any bonuses, for each of CEO/Chairman and President; 3x annual base salary for other NEOs; and 5x annual cash retainer for directors) Equity incentive plan provisions that prohibit re-pricing of stock options without shareholder approval Limited perquisites No tax gross ups in respect of any excise taxes on parachute payments Annual compensation risk assessment for employee plans Retention of independent compensation consultants by the Compensation Committee Balanced compensation approach between short- and long-term incentive opportunities 10 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement PROXY SUMMARY AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. 2017 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN Amendment and Restatement of the Amended and Restated Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan In Proposal 3 (page 78 ) we are asking our shareholders to approve an amendment and restatement of the Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ) to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the 2017 Plan by 5,200,000 shares and to extend the term of the 2017 Plan to September 18, 2035 (ten years from the date of shareholder approval). Equity is used to attract, retain, and motivate the Company s creative talent, which is critical to executing Take-Two s long-term strategy, and to align the interests of creative employees with the interests of the Company s shareholders. Our creative employees at our Rockstar Games, 2K, and Zynga labels, drive our business, are critical to our continued success, and help us build shareholder value. We believe our use of equity throughout Take-Two, including beyond the executive level, is a strategic advantage and vital to our ownership culture, as evidenced by 90% of our full-time employees being eligible to participate in the 2017 Plan. In fiscal 2025 , equity awards were primarily used to incentivize and retain employees at our labels as illustrated in the pie chart to the right. As we execute on our robust pipeline, we believe it is imperative to continue to incentivize our creative talent with equity and to align their interests with the Company s shareholders. Fiscal 2025 Share Grant Distribution 5% Non-ZMC NEOS and Directors 19% ZMC 13% Other 63 % Awards to Our Labels Plan highlights include: Annual limits on certain awards to individual participants Non-liberal recycling of shares used to satisfy tax withholding obligations or as payment for the exercise price or base price for stock options and SARs No evergreen provision for share reserve No payment of dividends or dividend equivalents on unvested awards Annual compensation limits for non- employee directors Minimum vesting periods for certain awards No repricing of underwater stock options or SARs without shareholder approval No discounted stock options or SARs Clawback provisions Non-liberal definition of change in control No automatic grants Double-trigger acceleration of equity vesting in a change of control TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 11 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS A ll members of the Board of Directors stand for election on an annual basis, and at the Annual Meeting 10 director nominees will stand for election to hold office for a term expiring at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Corporate Governance Committee, has nominated the individuals named below. Each director who is elected will serve until a successor is elected and qualified or until the director s earlier resignation or removal. The Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for evaluating the size and composition of the Board of Directors relative to the evolving needs of the Company at any given time, and actively identifying qualified individuals to become new director nominees as needed. The Corporate Governance Committee has developed criteria, including certain personal and professional qualities, to evaluate whether the potential nominee would be a qualified director candidate for service on Take- Two s Board of Directors. Our 10 nominees include nine independent, outside directors who as a group have extensive management experience, subject matter expertise, and knowledge that is critical to the Company. The average director tenure is approximately eleven years and the average age of the Board members is 66. At the Annual Meeting, the proxies given by shareholders will be voted individually for the election of the persons named herein as director nominees, unless a proxy card specifies that a shareholder is voting against any such nominee. If any of the nominees listed below shall be unable to serve, it is intended that the proxy will be voted for such other nominees as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Each of the persons named herein has indicated to the Board of Directors that he or she will be available to serve as a director of the Company. In an uncontested election, a director will be elected if the number of votes that are cast FOR his or her election by holders of the stock present in person or represented by proxy entitled to vote on the election of directors exceeds the number of votes cast AGAINST his or her election by such holders. The Company s bylaws provide that any nominee for director who fails to meet this standard shall promptly tender such individual s resignation to the Corporate Governance Committee following certification of the shareholder vote. For more information regarding this policy, see Policy on Majority Voting for Directors. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF THE NOMINEES NAMED BELOW: 12 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Age: 63 Director since: March 2017 LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committee Membership(s): Executive Committee (Chair) Beneficial owner of 11,026 shares LAVERNE SRINIVASAN Key qualifications and expertise provided to our board: Ms. Srinivasan brings to the Board of Directors strong leadership skills, extensive experience leveraging technology in the education and entertainment industries, expertise in human capital management, and deep marketing expertise from her current and previous positions. Ms. Srinivasan became our Lead Independent Director after our 2023 annual meeting and in that role uses the expertise she brings to the Board of Directors for the oversight of our management agreement with ZMC as successor by assignment from ZelnickMedia Corporation ( ZelnickMedia ). Ms. Srinivasan is Vice President of the National Program and Program Director for Education at the Carnegie Corporation of New York, employing creative strategies and innovative thinking to strengthen urban education. Since 2014, she has overseen grant making and other activities aimed at engaging parents and communities, improving teaching and leadership for learning, advancing innovative learning environment designs, providing K-12 pathways to college and career success, and fostering integrated approaches to innovation and learning in the field of education. Ms. Srinivasan received a BA from Harvard College and a JD from Harvard Law School. Additional Public Directorships (current): None Prior professional roles: From 2012 through 2014, Ms. Srinivasan was the Co-Founder of Fiero Now, an education technology company. Prior to Fiero Now, she worked at various educational technology, urban district change, and non-profit education reform companies, including Time to Know, Education Champions for All and New Leaders for New Schools. From 2003 through 2006, Ms. Srinivasan served as Deputy Chancellor for the New York City Department of Education. In addition, from 1993 through 2003, she served in various roles at BMG Entertainment, including as Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Other board experience: Ms. Srinivasan serves on the national advisory board of College Promise Campaign, the advisory boards of National Education Equity Lab, EdTech Evidence Exchange, Global Science of Learning for Education Network, Grant Makers for Educations, Educational Testing Service, and Global Cities, Inc., and was a founding member of the Consortium for Policy Research in Education s task force on Strategic Management of Human Capital. Age: 79 Director since: March 2007 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committee Membership(s): Executive Committee Compensation Committee Beneficial owner of 21,694 shares MICHAEL DORNEMANN Key qualifications and expertise provided to our board: Mr. Dornemann s highly relevant leadership, management, marketing and consulting experience, including his role as Chief Executive Officer of Bertelsmann Entertainment, strongly qualifies him to contribute to all aspects of board discussion and operations. His accomplished history of service with fashion and entertainment companies, including as an outside director, provides a unique level of insight into both our business and our governance. Mr. Dornemann is an entertainment and marketing executive with more than 30 years of management consulting, corporate development, strategic advisory and media experience. Prior to 2001, Mr. Dornemann was an executive board member of Bertelsmann AG for 16 years and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bertelsmann Entertainment (music and television division, BMG and RTL Group). Before that, he held positions with IBM and Boston Consulting Group. Mr. Dornemann received an MBA and PhD from Technical University Berlin. Additional Public Directorships (current): None Other board experience: Mr. Dornemann has previously served on several boards, including as Chairman of Jet Set AG, a worldwide fashion company based in Switzerland, until 2009; as a director of Columbia Music Entertainment (CME) of Japan until 2010; and as vice-chairman and an audit and compensation committee member of Access Worldwide Communications until 2013. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 13 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Age: 75 Director since: May 2022 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committee Membership(s): None Beneficial owner of 60,573 shares WILLIAM BING GORDON Key qualifications and expertise provided to our board: Mr. Gordon was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive leadership and entrepreneurial experience as a senior executive of Electronic Arts Inc. ( EA ), a company he co-founded and through which he gained experience with emerging technologies and consumer-focused product development and marketing issues, as well as for his experience as a member of the board of directors and special consultant to Zynga, and as a venture capitalist investing in and guiding technology companies. Mr. Gordon has been a partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers, a venture capital firm, since June 2008. Mr. Gordon co-founded EA and held various roles, including Vice President, Marketing and later, Executive Vice President and Chief Creative Officer from March 1998 to May 2008. Mr. Gordon received a BA from Yale University and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business. Additional Public Directorships (current): Duolingo, Inc. Other board experience: Mr. Gordon serves on the boards of directors of Duolingo, a language learning company; and privately held companies including Dreamscape, a VR and learning systems company; Flipboard, a media sharing company; N3twork, a blockchain games publisher; Playcast, a game streaming platform, Aura, a private telephony safety company, Synthbee, a private AI agent provider, Tacta, a private physical AI company in hand robotics and Alan, a private health insurance company. Mr. Gordon served as a member of the boards of directors of Zynga Inc. from 2008 to May 2022, when we acquired Zynga, and Truecaller AB, a telephony company, from 2020 until March 2024. Mr. Gordon was a special advisor to the board of directors of Amazon.com, Inc. until April 2023, and was previously a member of its board of directors from 2003 until January 2018. He was also a founding director at ngmoco, LLC (acquired by DeNA Co. Ltd. in 2010) and Audible, Inc. (acquired by Amazon.com, Inc. in 2008). Mr. Gordon was awarded the Academy of Interactive Arts Sciences Lifetime Achievement Award in 2011 and held the game industry s first ever endowed chair in game design, at the University of Southern California School of Cinematic Arts. Age: 67 Director since: September 2019 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committee Membership(s): Compensation Committee Beneficial owner of 9,506 shares ROLAND HERNANDEZ Key qualifications and expertise provided to our board: As the former President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Telemundo Group, Inc., a television and entertainment company, and through his experience on the Boards of Fox Corporation, MGM Resorts International, Sony Corporation, Walmart Inc. and Vail Resorts, Inc., Mr. Hernandez offers significant experience in international business and financial matters and a broad understanding of the retail and media sectors which is particularly relevant to the Company. In addition, with his extensive experience on the boards of large public corporations, Mr. Hernandez brings broad corporate governance expertise, along with significant knowledge of board operations, to our Board of Directors. Mr. Hernandez is the Founding Principal and Chief Executive Officer of Hernandez Media Ventures, a privately held company engaged in the acquisition and management of media assets. He has served in this capacity since January 2001. Before founding Hernandez Media Ventures, Mr. Hernandez served as Chairman of Telemundo Group, Inc., a Spanish-language television and entertainment company, from 1998 to 2000 and as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1995 to 2000. Mr. Hernandez received a BA from Harvard College and a JD from Harvard Law School. Additional Public Directorships (current): US Bancorp Fox Corporation Other board experience: Until April 2019, Mr. Hernandez served as the Chairman of the Board of Belmond, Ltd. Until December 2019, Mr. Hernandez served as a member of the board of directors of Vail Resorts, Inc. Until May 2021, Mr. Hernandez served as a member of the board of directors of MGM Resorts International. Mr. Hernandez serves on the advisory board of Harvard Law School. He previously served on the board of directors of Sony Corporation and Walmart Inc. 14 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Age: 66 Director since: March 2007 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committee Membership(s): Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) Compensation Committee Beneficial owner of 23,647 shares J MOSES Key qualifications and expertise provided to our board: Mr. Moses provides insight based on vast media experience and leadership history, including his roles as CEO of UGO Networks, President of MTV Russia and President of BMG Interactive, and his deep understanding of the interactive entertainment industry and its global opportunities. Mr. Moses has spent the past 40 years collaborating with leading brands, companies, and figures across sports, news, television, film, technology, gaming, and wagering. After an eight-year tenure at ABC Sports, Mr. Moses moved into technology as President of BMG Games where he green-lit and developed the original Grand Theft Auto. He then launched MTV Russia as its President, overseeing the first launch of a cable network in Russia. Mr. Moses went on to co-found and lead UGO (Unified Gamers Online), managing its growth and eventual sale to Hearst Magazines. Currently, Mr. Moses advises various tech and media ventures and develops scripted TV programs as President of OptIn Studios. Mr. Moses is a graduate of Princeton University and the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration. Additional Public Directorships (current): None Prior executive roles: Mr. Moses was the founder, and from 1998 to 2007, the Chief Executive Officer, of UGO Networks, Inc., an online publisher and affiliate network delivering information and entertainment to over 20 million gamers around the world. He managed the sale of the company to the Hearst Corporation in 2007. Mr. Moses previously served as the President of MTV Russia where he successfully oversaw the establishment of the Moscow-based Network in 1998. Mr. Moses served as the President of BMG Interactive from 1993 to 1996, the former video game and new technology divisions of BMG Entertainment, where he green-lighted a portfolio of 11 video games including the original Grand Theft Auto. Mr. Moses has served as the Special Assistant to Roone Arledge, the President of ABC Sports and News; as an Executive Producer on Stolen Babies, a made for TV movie for ABC; and as Creator for New York News, a TV series for CBS. Age: 57 Director since: March 2007 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committee Membership(s): Compensation Committee (Chair) Corporate Governance Committee Beneficial owner of 64,940 shares MICHAEL SHERESKY Key qualifications and expertise provided to our board: Mr. Sheresky s entertainment experience as a talent agent is an important asset to the Board of Directors, including his particularly keen insight into negotiations with, and the development and compensation of creative talent and of management. Mr. Sheresky is a partner at United Talent Agency, where he has served as a motion picture talent agent since June 2009. Mr. Sheresky is responsible for structuring projects and deals in the areas of motion picture and television development, production and distribution. Mr. Sheresky received a BA from Vassar College and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Additional Public Directorships (current): None Prior professional roles: From 1992 through 1995, and then from 1997 through May 2009, Mr. Sheresky held a number of positions at the William Morris Agency, a talent agency, most recently Senior Vice President in its Motion Picture Department. During that time, he represented authors, journalists, screenwriters, directors, producers and actors in the motion picture and television businesses. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 15 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Age: 57 Director since: May 2022 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committee Membership(s): Audit Committee Corporate Governance Committee Beneficial owner of 14,551 shares ELLEN SIMINOFF Key qualifications and expertise provided to our board: Ms. Siminoff was selected to serve on the Board of Directors due to her breadth of professional experiences in emerging growth and technology companies, her backgrounds in marketing and advertising, her knowledge of consumer trends and expertise in corporate and business development, her governance experience as a director of several public companies, and her success in a variety of industries. Ms. Siminoff is a long-tenured media and technology executive and board member. From 2007 to 2018, she was President and CEO of Shmoop University, an educational publishing company which has built millions of units of content. Ms. Siminoff served as President and CEO of Efficient Frontier, a pioneer in the field of dynamic Search Engine Marketing (SEM) management services (sold to Adobe). Prior to Efficient Frontier, Ms. Siminoff spent six years as a founding executive at Yahoo!. During her tenure, she led Business Development (Vice President, Business Development and Planning), Corporate Development (Senior Vice President, Corporate Development) and ran the Small Business and Entertainment Business units. Ms. Siminoff received a BA from Princeton University and an MBA from Stanford University. Ms. Siminoff received a Master Liberal Arts Extension in Software Engineering from Harvard University Extension School in 2023. Additional Public Directorships (current): BigCommerce Other board experience: Among other boards and advisory relationships, she currently serves on the board of BigCommerce, a leading SAAS ecommerce platform, and the board of Verifone, a pre-eminent global payments platform. Ms. Siminoff previously served as a member of the board of directors of Zynga Inc. from 2012 to May 2022, when we acquired Zynga. Until April 2022, Ms. Siminoff served on the board of Discovery Education, a global leader in standards-aligned digital curriculum resources and professional learning for K-12 classrooms, and she currently serves on the board of Follett, a privately-held leading provider of educational technology, services, and print and digital content. She has served as a member of the Advisory Board of Stanford University s Graduate School of Business and served on the President s Advisory Council of Princeton University. Ms. Siminoff serves on the Board of Overseers at the Hoover Institution as of September 2022. Other prior board experiences include SolarWinds, US Auto Parts Network, Journal Communications, and Mozilla Corporation, the developers of Firefox browsers. In 2005 she was one of eight industry professionals named Masters of Information by Forbes magazine. Age: 63 Director since: March 2014 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committee Membership(s): Audit Committee (Chair) Beneficial owner of 30,901 shares SUSAN TOLSON Key qualifications and expertise provided to our board: Ms. Tolson brings to the Board of Directors significant experience in entertainment and financial/investment matters from her previous positions, together with her existing current service as a director of both for profit and nonprofit organizations. Ms. Tolson is a financial executive with more than 20 years of experience in the financial services industry. Ms. Tolson worked at Capital Research and Management Company and Capital Research Company, subsidiaries of The Capital Group Companies, Inc., from 1990 to 2010. She served in various capacities, including Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager. Before joining Capital Research, Ms. Tolson was an Investment Officer at Aetna Investment Management Company, making private investments in media and entertainment companies. Ms. Tolson received a BA from Smith College and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Additional Public Directorships (current): OUTFRONT Media Inc. Other board experience: Ms. Tolson was a member of the board and audit committee of Worldline E-Payments Services until June 2023; a member of the board and audit committee of Groupe Lagard re until July 2021; a member of the board and audit committee of the American Cinematheque until May 2018; a trustee and member of the business affairs committee of The American University of Paris until 2014; and a member of the board and audit committee of American Media until 2014. 16 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Age: 66 Director since: May 2018 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committee Membership(s): Audit Committee Beneficial owner of 90,665 shares PAUL VIERA Key qualifications and expertise provided to our board: Mr. Viera brings to the Board of Directors proven leadership skills, vast business experience and financial acumen. Mr. Viera is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Earnest Partners, a global investment firm responsible for overseeing over $20 billion for municipalities, states, corporations, endowments, and universities. Prior to founding Earnest Partners in 1998, Mr. Viera was a Vice President at Bankers Trust in both New York and London and later joined Invesco, where he became a global partner and senior member of its investment team. Mr. Viera received a BA from the University of Michigan and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Additional Public Directorships (current): None Other board experience: Mr. Viera serves as a Trustee of the Woodruff Arts Center in Atlanta, Georgia and as a member of its investment committee. He is also a member of the boards of directors of CBH Electronic Research Ltd., the board of directors of DeepCare, the Board of Dean s Advisors for Harvard Business School, the Council on Foreign Relations, the Carter Center Board of Councilors, the National Center for Human Civil Rights, and the University of Michigan School of Information External Advisory Board. Age: 68 Director since: March 2007 CHAIRMAN AND CEO Committee Membership(s): Executive Committee Beneficial owner of 1,645,348 shares STRAUSS ZELNICK Key qualifications and expertise provided to our board: Mr . Zelnick provides the Company s Board of Directors with valuable insight in organization and management obtained from his experiences, including acting as Executive Chairman and CEO of the Company. Mr. Zelnick has been Chairman of the Company since March 2007, Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors since February 2008 and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 2011. Mr. Zelnick also is founder of and a partner in ZMC, a leading media focused private equity firm. Mr. Zelnick serves as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement between the Company and ZMC. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Management Agreement. Mr. Zelnick received a BA from Wesleyan University, a JD from Harvard Law School and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Additional Public Directorships (current): Starwood Property Trust, Inc. Prior executive roles: Mr. Zelnick served as Executive Chairman of Direct Holdings Worldwide, Inc., the parent company of Time Life and Lillian Vernon, until the company was sold to Reader s Digest on March 2, 2007. Prior to forming ZMC, Mr. Zelnick was President and Chief Executive Officer of BMG Entertainment, a $4.7 billion music and entertainment company with more than 200 record labels and operations in 54 countries. Mr. Zelnick s appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer of BMG Entertainment followed his tenure as President and Chief Executive Officer of BMG s North American business unit from 1994 through 1998. Before joining BMG Entertainment, Mr. Zelnick was President and Chief Executive Officer of Crystal Dynamics, a leading producer and distributor of interactive game software. Prior to that, he spent four years as President and Chief Operating Officer of 20th Century Fox, where he managed all aspects of its worldwide motion picture and distribution business. Previously, he spent three years at Vestron Inc. as a senior executive, and rose to become President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Zelnick also served as Vice President, International Television Sales, for Columbia Pictures. Other board experience: Mr. Zelnick serves as a member of the board of directors of the Entertainment Software Association, for which he served as Chairman from July 2014 to July 2017. From September 2018 to December 2019, Mr. Zelnick served on the board of ViacomCBS Inc. (formerly known as CBS Corporation), a public company, and as a member of its compensation committee and nominating and governance committee. He also served as the non-executive interim chairman of the CBS board from October 2018 until December 2019. Mr. Zelnick is also an associate member of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences and served on the board of directors of the Recording Industry Association of America and the Motion Picture Association of America. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 17 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS BOARD COMPOSITION Board Composition Each director nominee for our Board of Directors is highly qualified and brings a variety of skills and experiences to our boardroom. These skills are relevant to our business and enable the Board of Directors to provide strong oversight and effectively oversee management s execution of strategy. Skill/Experience (1) Consumer Marketing Insight: Positions the Company for successful title releases and consumer retention. Corporate Governance Sustainability: Ensures that the Company operates in a responsible manner as it relates to corporate governance, environmental and community impact, and executive compensation. Education Experience: Strengthens oversight of the Company s employee development and training programs and policies. Entertainment Media Expertise: Ensures that the Board of Directors can effectively oversee strategic decisions in our industry. Financials Investment Experience: Helps the Board of Directors oversee the Company s financial performance and associated reporting, balance sheet strategy, and competitive positioning. Global Business Operations: These skills are crucial given our significant international consumer base and employee presence. Human Capital Management Experience: Enables the Board of Directors to oversee our efforts to manage complex teams, build an engaging workplace, and recruit and incentivize top talent. Executive Leadership: Provides valuable insight into the complexities that come with leading large, sophisticated organizations and teams. Regulatory Governmental Experience: Provides necessary insight into an increasingly complex global regulatory landscape that impacts our content and distribution. Risk Management Experience: Helps the Board of Directors oversee strategic risks to the Company, including business continuity planning, cyber, digital and physical security. Strategy and Growth: Helps the Board of Directors oversee strategic decisions underpinning the Company s long-term success, including evaluating and executing on growth opportunities and business development through acquisitions, partnerships, and organic initiatives. Technology: Staying apprised of relevant technological advancements applicable to our business allows the Board of Directors to effectively oversee core elements of our daily operations and competitive activities. (1) Information as of July 28, 2025 . A in the chart indicates a specific area of focus or expertise that is particularly relevant to a director s service on our Board. The absence of a does not mean that a director does not also possess meaningful experience or skill in that area. 18 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD PRACTICES Board Leadership Structure The Company s governance framework provides the Board of Directors with the flexibility to select the appropriate leadership structure for the Company. This determination is conducted at least annually and is based on a multitude of factors, including the current and future strategic and governance needs of the business. For fiscal 2025, the Board of Directors decided to continue with a leadership structure comprised of a combined Chairman of the Board and CEO, a Lead Independent Director, and Board committees led by independent directors. The Board of Directors believes that in light of the Company s clear strategy and the strength of its overall governance practices, at this time a combined Chairman/CEO role more effectively unifies the Board of Directors and management around the specific initiatives necessary to support the Company s strategy. Mr. Zelnick currently serves as both the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Company. The independent directors of the Board of Directors have elected Ms. Srinivasan to serve as our Lead Independent Director (as described below), a role that complements the Executive Chairman s role and serves as the principal liaison between the independent directors and the Executive Chairman and Company management. Ms. Srinivasan has held this position since September 2023. Lead Independent Director The Lead Independent Director serves as the principal liaison between the independent directors and the Executive Chairman and is responsible for: Presiding at all Board of Directors meetings at which the Chairman of the Board is not present Convening regular and special meetings of the independent directors Developing the agenda for executive sessions of the independent directors and working with the Chairman to develop and approve the agenda for meetings of the full Board of Directors, including scheduling to ensure there is sufficient time for discussion Coordinating feedback to the Chairman on behalf of the independent directors Coordinating with the Company s Chief Legal Officer to respond to shareholders who have addressed a communication to the independent directors Making herself available for shareholder communication, as appropriate (other independent directors may also participate in such communication at times) Handling any matters concerning an actual or potential conflict of interest involving any other director The Lead Independent Director regularly engages separately with one or more of the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Legal Officer to discuss the Company s business strategy in greater detail and provide additional guidance to management. These meetings enable the Lead Independent Director to gain a deeper understanding of any matters being handled by management which should be brought to the attention of the entire Board of Directors or a committee thereof, as well as an opportunity to obtain additional information on any matters which the Lead Independent Director believes may otherwise be of interest to the other directors and to provide advice to the other directors regarding such matters. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 19 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD PRACTICES BOARD COMMITTEES Board Committees The Board of Directors has three standing committees entirely comprised of independent directors: a Compensation Committee, a Corporate Governance Committee and an Audit Committee. The Board of Directors also has a standing Executive Committee, currently comprised of Lead Independent Director Ms. Srinivasan (Chair), and Messrs. Dornemann and Zelnick. These four committees are governed by written charters which are posted in the Corporate Governance tab on the Company s website at www.take2games.com. The Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is also posted on the Company s website at www.take2games.com under the Policies Conduct tab. Name Compensation Committee Corporate Governance Committee Audit Committee Executive Committee LaVerne Srinivasan Michael Dornemann William Bing Gordon Roland Hernandez J Moses Michael Sheresky Ellen Siminoff Susan Tolson Paul Viera Strauss Zelnick Meetings in Fiscal 2025 6 5 5 4 Member Chair Compensation Committee members are Messrs. Sheresky (Chair), Dornemann, Hernandez and Moses, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s Rule 5605, and a non-employee director as defined under the SEC rules. The Compensation Committee, among other roles, reviews the compensation policies and procedures of the Company, evaluates and approves executive officer compensation, and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding executive compensation. Corporate Governance Committee members are Messrs. Moses (Chair) and Sheresky and Ms. Siminoff. The Corporate Governance Committee is responsible, among other things, for creating and maintaining overall corporate governance policies for the Company, identifying, screening and recruiting director candidates for the Board of Directors and overseeing our environmental, social and governance initiatives. Audit Committee members are Mses. Tolson (Chair) and Siminoff and Mr. Viera. The Audit Committee oversees the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company and audits of the financial statements of the Company. In addition, the Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in its review and oversight of the Company s key investment objectives, strategies and policies, as well as the Company s operational risk relating to business continuity planning, cyber, digital and physical security, including security controls over customer data. The Board of Directors has determined that Ms. Tolson and Mr. Viera each qualify as an audit committee financial expert under federal securities laws. Director Selection and Refreshment The Corporate Governance Committee will consider nominees recommended by shareholders, provided that the recommendation contains sufficient information for the committee to assess the suitability of the candidate and such nomination complies with the Company s bylaws. Candidates recommended by shareholders that comply with these procedures will receive the same consideration that candidates recommended by the committee receive. 20 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD PRACTICES DIRECTOR SELECTION AND REFRESHMENT When selecting directors, the Board of Directors reviews and considers many factors, including experience, business understanding, achievement, available time, skills and independence. It also will consider ethical standards, integrity and any conflict of interest. It considers recommendations primarily from shareholders of the Company and from members of the Board of Directors and management. The Corporate Governance Committee conducts interviews with candidates who meet the criteria of the Board of Directors and has full discretion in considering its nominations to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which include criteria to assess the suitability of candidates for the Board of Directors. These Corporate Governance Guidelines are posted under the Conduct tab on the Company s website at www.take2games.com . Independent Directors The Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Dornemann, Gordon, Hernandez, Moses, Sheresky and Viera and Mses. Siminoff, Srinivasan and Tolson are independent directors, and that Mr. Zelnick is not an independent director, in each case as defined under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. With respect to Mr. Gordon, at the time he joined the Board of Directors in May of 2022, the Board of Directors determined he was not an independent director under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market as a result of a pre-existing consulting services agreement between Zynga Inc. and Mr. Gordon. Because this consulting services agreement was terminated effective as of June 15, 2022, which is more than three years ago, the Board of Directors has now determined that Mr. Gordon currently qualifies as an independent director under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market effective as of June 15, 2025. During fiscal 2025 , the independent directors met in executive session (outside the presence of management) on nine occasions. Board Composition and Refreshment The Board of Directors routinely reviews the composition of the Board and believes that it benefits from having a group of directors with a wide range of viewpoints, including based on experience, backgrounds and other factors. The Board has taken a deliberate approach to refreshment, with new directors joining in four of the prior eight years and five of our 10 director nominees having served for eight years or less. On an annual basis, the Corporate Governance Committee conducts a succession planning and refreshment review that covers the Board of Directors, the Company s executive officers and, in conjunction with the Company s Chief Human Resources Officer, a review of succession planning throughout the organization. Further information relating to our management succession planning process is set forth below under Management Development and Succession Planning As a result of its regular succession planning and refreshment reviews, the Board of Directors has made, and will make, the following changes to the composition of the committees of the Board of Directors since fiscal 2024: Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 In September 2023, Ms. Srinivasan succeeded Mr. Dornemann as our Lead Independent Director, was appointed to serve as the Chair of the Executive Committee, and rotated off the Corporate Governance Committee. Also at that time, Ms. Siminoff joined the Corporate Governance Committee. Effective on October 1, 2024, Mr. Dornemann rotated off the Corporate Governance and Audit Committees. Also at that time, Mr. Sheresky rotated off the Executive Committee. Effective after this year s Annual Meeting, Mr. Moses will rotate off the Compensation Committee and step down as Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee, but remain as a member of such committee. Also at that time, Mr. Hernandez will join the Corporate Governance Committee and will serve as the new Chair of such committee, and Mr. Sheresky will rotate off the Corporate Governance Committee. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 21 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD PRACTICES ATTENDANCE AT SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS Board Assessment Process The Board of Directors and its committees conduct annual self-evaluations that include both the completion of a questionnaire as well as biennial individual interviews of each director by an outside third party. These evaluations are utilized by the Board and each committee to improve communication, strategy, and effectiveness, and to identify possible improvements that can be made to the performance and composition of the Board and each of its committees. The Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board of Directors in its review and reports to the full Board regarding its findings and recommendations, which are considered and implemented as appropriate. Furthermore, the Compensation Committee performs an annual performance review of the Chairman/CEO and other named executive officers and reports its findings to the full Board of Directors. Attendance at Shareholder Meetings The Board of Directors has adopted a policy whereby director nominees are encouraged to attend the Company s annual meeting of shareholders. All of our then incumbent director nominees attended the last annual meeting of the Company s shareholders in September 2024 . Meetings of Directors The Board of Directors held nine meetings during fiscal 2025 . Each of the incumbent directors attended at least 75% in the aggregate of all meetings of the Board of Directors and committees on which the individual served for the period of his or her service in the fiscal year. Periodically, the Board of Directors convenes at an off-site strategic planning session, which includes presentations and discussions with senior management, to review the Company s strategic, competitive and financial performance goals as well as to discuss the Company s long-term strategic plan. The most recent off-site strategic planning session took place in October 2023, and one is planned for the Fall of 2025. Board Oversight Board s Role in Oversight of Strategy and Risk Management The Board of Directors exercises direct oversight of strategic risks to the Company. The Audit Committee reviews the Company s policies for risk assessment and risk management relating to financial reporting and internal controls, as well as operational risk relating to business continuity planning, cyber, digital and physical security, including security controls over customer data, and assesses steps management has taken to control such risks and exposures. The Compensation Committee oversees risks relating to compensation programs and policies. See Risk Assessment of Overall Compensation Program. The Corporate Governance Committee oversees environmental, social and governance matters and operational risk relating to insurance. In each case, management periodically reports to our Board of Directors or to the relevant committee, which provides guidance on risk appetite, assessment, and mitigation. Each committee charged with risk oversight reports to our Board of Directors on those matters. COMMITTEE RISK OVERSIGHT AUDIT COMPENSATION CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Reviews the Company s policies for risk assessment and risk management relating to financial reporting and internal controls, as well as operational risk relating to business continuity planning, cyber, digital and physical security, including security controls over customer data, and assesses steps management has taken to control such risks and exposures Oversees risks relating to compensation programs and policies. See Risk Assessment of Overall Compensation Program Oversees sustainability matters and operational risk relating to insurance 22 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD PRACTICES SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS Management Development and Succession Planning The Board of Directors recognizes the importance of retaining and developing highly qualified leadership talent. To gain insight into our pool of talent and what attracts, motivates, and retains key employees, the Board of Directors engages with members of our management team and high-potential individuals across the business during annual 360-degree interviews, management presentations, off-site strategic planning sessions, and periodic informal meetings and communications. By regularly interacting with our current and future leaders, the Board of Directors facilitates a deeper understanding of our Company s culture and best positions itself to oversee and help maintain a long-term program for the effective development and succession planning of our senior management team. To oversee and continue to develop this long-term practice, the Board of Directors discusses management succession planning at least once a year, and the Corporate Governance Committee works with management to maintain a succession plan for key members of the team. Additionally, the Corporate Governance Committee monitors and reports to the Board of Directors on certain related issues, including preparedness for an emergency situation affecting senior management, as well as the long- term growth and development of the senior management team. Sustainability Matters The Company believes that focusing on corporate governance and corporate responsibility creates value for the Company, our employees, our shareholders, our consumers and other stakeholders while also helping mitigate risks, reduce costs, protect brand value, and identify market opportunities. The Board of Directors provides oversight for this area through the Corporate Governance Committee, which oversees and reviews our sustainability strategy and guides long-term climate strategy. The Company oversees Sustainability matters using the following structure: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE Human Resources Legal Cybersecurity Investor Relations Workplace Financial Creative The Company seeks to ensure that corporate responsibility and sustainability considerations are incorporated into our corporate strategy, disclosure, and long-term goals to maintain and advance sustainable shareholder value. We intend to publish our fourth Impact Report incorporating the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board standards in September 2025. The report will highlight the Company s efforts across key environmental, social, and governance topics and will be available on our website. We also publish a standalone report on the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure recommendations, which is also posted on the Company s website. These reports and our website are not incorporated herein by reference. Areas on which this committee continues to focus include board composition and refreshment, cybersecurity, human capital management, sustainability and community engagement. Cybersecurity We continue to invest financial and operational resources to implement certain systems, processes and technologies to guard against cyber risks and to help protect our data and systems. Our Audit Committee receives reports on at least a quarterly basis regarding key cybersecurity, risks and related matters, including secure processing, storage, and transmission of personal and confidential information, such as the personally identifiable information of our users. For additional information with respect to the Company's cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance, see Item 1C under the heading Cybersecurity of Part I of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2025 . TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 23 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD PRACTICES BOARD AND GOVERNANCE POLICES Human Capital Management One of Take-Two s most important assets is our people. We are constantly focused on our teams their success, their structure and how best to support them given their particular needs and projects. Employee Statistics* 12,928 full-time employees 78% of employees are focused on product development * As of March 31, 2025 For additional information with respect to the Company's Human Capital Management see Item 1 under the heading Human Capital Management of Part I of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2025. Sustainability We aim to integrate environmental responsibility into our operational and product strategies. We will seek to reduce our carbon footprint and find opportunities for cost savings by seeking to make environmentally conscious choices in our offices worldwide. Community Engagement We firmly believe that diversity of thought drives the innovation that is integral to our success. We strive to provide an inclusive workplace in which everyone feels respected, heard, and safe. Our culture, grounded in compassion, collaboration, and a commitment to excellence, supports an inclusive and welcoming environment for prospective employees and the broader community. Board and Governance Policies Outside Directorship Policy The Board of Directors has established a policy requiring (i) each director and executive officer to advise the Board of Directors, through the Chief Legal Officer of the Company, of all of his or her directorships in other publicly-held companies, and (ii) that all members of the Board of Directors may not sit on more than three outside public company boards. Directors are expected to ensure that other existing commitments including service on other boards do not interfere with the member s service as a Company Director. Annually, the Corporate Governance Committee conducts a review of director commitment levels to ensure they are aligned with our service expectations. The Corporate Governance Committee has reviewed the Company s nominees for the Board of Directors and has determined that all nominees have the capacity to serve effectively on the Company s Board of Directors. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics The Company has adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to directors, officers and employees of the Company, including the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller and any person performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the Company s website at www.take2games.com and can be accessed by clicking on Policies Conduct, Conduct and Social Responsibility, then Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 24 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD PRACTICES BOARD AND GOVERNANCE POLICIES Supplier Code of Conduct The Company has also adopted a Supplier Code of Conduct that applies to vendors, suppliers, consultants and other third parties we engage, which makes clear that we expect all of our business partners to operate fairly and ethically, comply with domestic and international laws, and promote a work environment that values honesty, openness, integrity, and respect for fundamental human rights, wherever in the world we do business. A copy of the Supplier Code of Conduct is posted on the Company s website at www.take2games.com and can be accessed by clicking on Polices Conduct, then Supplier Code of Conduct. Policy on Majority Voting for Directors The standard in the Company s bylaws for uncontested director elections is a majority vote standard. In an uncontested election, a director shall be elected if the number of votes that are cast for his or her election by holders of the stock present in person or represented by proxy entitled to vote on the election of directors exceeds the number of votes cast against his or her election by such holders. If a nominee who currently serves as a director is not re-elected, Delaware law provides that the director will continue to serve on our Board as a holdover director (i.e., until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified, or until the earliest of his or her death, resignation or removal). In an uncontested election, any nominee for director who fails to receive a greater number of votes cast for such individual s election than votes cast against such election promptly shall tender the individual s resignation to the Corporate Governance Committee following certification of the shareholder vote. The Corporate Governance Committee promptly will consider the resignation offer and recommend to the Board of Directors the action to be taken with respect to such offered resignation. The Board of Directors will act on the Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation within 90 days following the date of the Annual Meeting. Thereafter, the Board of Directors will disclose promptly its decision whether to accept the director s resignation offer (and the reasons for rejecting the resignation offer, if applicable) in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. Any director tendering a resignation pursuant to this provision shall not participate in the Corporate Governance Committee recommendation or action of the Board of Directors regarding whether to accept the resignation offer. Securities Trading Policy The Company has adopted a written Securities Trading Policy that applies to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company, including the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller and any person performing similar functions. A copy of the Securities Trading Policy, which includes requirements for Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, is included as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 , which is available through our Internet website at www.take2games.com or the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Conflict of Interest Guidelines for Directors/Directors Code of Conduct The Company has adopted a written Conflict of Interest Guidelines for Directors/Directors Code of Conduct that applies to directors of the Company. A copy of the Conflict of Interest Guidelines for Directors/Directors Code of Conduct is posted on the Company s website at www.take2games.com and can be accessed by clicking on Policies Conduct, then Conflict of Interest Guidelines for Directors or Guidelines for Directors and Board Governance, as applicable. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 25 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD PRACTICES OTHER EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Other Executive Officers Each of the following executive officers, who are not also directors, will serve in such capacity until the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until earlier termination or removal from office. President Age: 55 KARL SLATOFF Key experience and qualifications: Mr. Slatoff became President of the Company in May 2013 and served as Chief Operating Officer of the Company from October 2010 through April 2013. Mr. Slatoff serves as President of the Company pursuant to the terms of the 2022 Management Agreement between the Company and ZMC. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Management Agreement. From February 2008 to October 2010, Mr. Slatoff served as an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Slatoff also is a partner in ZMC. He previously served as a director of Cannella Response Television, LLC and CommentSold, Inc. Prior to joining ZMC in 2001, Mr. Slatoff served as Vice President, New Media for BMG Entertainment, where he was responsible for guiding BMG s online digital strategies, including the development of commercial digital distribution initiatives and new business models for the sale and syndication of online content. From 1994 to 1996, he worked in strategic planning at the Walt Disney Company, where he focused on the consumer products, studio and broadcast divisions, as well as several initiatives in the educational, publishing and new media sectors. From 1992 to 1994, Mr. Slatoff worked in the corporate finance and mergers and acquisitions units at Lehman Brothers where he focused on the consumer products and retail/merchandising industries. Chief Financial Officer Age: 57 LAINIE GOLDSTEIN Key experience and qualifications: Ms. Goldstein has been Chief Financial Officer of the Company since June 2007, and is responsible for overseeing Finance, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Ms. Goldstein previously served as the Company s Senior Vice President of Finance from November 2003. Ms. Goldstein also serves as a director and member of the audit committee of Phreesia, Inc. Ms. Goldstein is a CPA with financial and business experience in the software, entertainment, retail and apparel industries, with proven success in managing the finance function of publicly traded companies. Prior to joining the Company, she held a number of positions of increasing responsibility with Nautica Enterprises, Inc., most recently serving as Vice President, Finance and Business Development. Earlier in her career, she held positions in the audit and reorganization departments at Grant Thornton LLP. Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Age: 53 DANIEL EMERSON Key experience and qualifications: Mr. Emerson has served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Company since October 2014 and, effective May 2019, Mr. Emerson was made Chief Legal Officer. Mr. Emerson joined the Company as a Vice President in June 2005 and served in various capacities of increasing responsibility within the legal department, including Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary, Deputy General Counsel and General Counsel. In addition to serving as the Chief Legal Officer of the Company, Mr. Emerson oversees administrative management of Internal Audit on behalf of the Audit Committee and physical security. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Emerson was a partner in the New York office of the law firm Blank Rome LLP, where he represented public and private companies across a variety of industries in mergers acquisitions, securities law, financings and general corporate matters. 26 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL 2: NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF THE COMPANY S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS In accordance with the SEC s proxy rules, we are seeking approval, on a non-binding advisory basis, of the compensation of the Company s named executive officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table (the NEOs ) for fiscal 2025 , as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables, and the related narrative disclosures. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our NEOs and the philosophy, policies and practices described in this Proxy Statement. This vote is commonly known as a say-on-pay advisory vote. Consistent with the approval by our shareholders, on an advisory basis, of an annual advisory vote on the compensation of the named executive officers, the Board of Directors has adopted a policy providing for annual say-on-pay advisory votes. The compensation of our NEOs is described in detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement beginning on page 27 , which we encourage you to read for additional details on our executive compensation programs and compensation of our NEOs for fiscal 2025 . Our executive compensation programs are based on three core principles that are designed to motivate our NEOs to achieve annual financial and strategic objectives to enhance the profitability of the Company and create long-term shareholder value. The fiscal 2025 compensation of our NEOs reflected these core principles: A substantial portion of our NEOs compensation was based on the financial performance of the Company and therefore at risk ; The majority of each NEO s total compensation was provided in the form of long-term equity, two-thirds of which was subject to performance-based vesting, including total shareholder return ( TSR ) and recurrent consumer spending ( RCS ) performance metrics, to further align the interests of our NEOs and shareholders; and The target total direct compensation package for each NEO was consistent with market practices for executive talent and each NEO s individual experience, responsibilities and performance. We believe that our compensation programs and policies for fiscal 2025 were consistent with our core compensation principles, provided an effective incentive for the achievement of positive results, aligned with shareholders interests, are supported by strong compensation governance practices and worthy of continued shareholder support. Accordingly, we ask for our shareholders to indicate their support for the compensation paid to our NEOs by voting FOR the following non-binding resolution at the Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that the Company s shareholders approve the compensation of the named executive officers for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 , including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables, and the related narrative disclosures as included in this Proxy Statement. Because your vote is advisory, the result will not be binding upon the Company. Although not binding, the Board of Directors values the opinions of our shareholders and will carefully review and consider the outcome of the vote, along with other relevant factors, in evaluating its compensation program for our NEOs. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS BELIEVES THAT APPROVAL OF THE FOREGOING RESOLUTION ON THE COMPENSATION OF THE NEOS IS IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE COMPANY AND UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF THE COMPANY S NEOS, AS STATED IN THE ABOVE NON-BINDING RESOLUTION. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 27 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis 27 Executive Summary 27 Detailed Discussion and Analysis 34 Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 49 Risk Assessment of Overall Compensation Program 49 The Compensation Discussion and Analysis section describes the material elements of our executive compensation program for fiscal 2025 , including the named executive officers ( NEOs ) as identified in the Summary Compensation Table and listed below: Strauss Zelnick Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Karl Slatoff President Lainie Goldstein Chief Financial Officer Daniel Emerson Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Messrs. Zelnick and Slatoff serve in their executive positions pursuant to a management agreement with ZMC, discussed below. Executive Summary Take-Two is a leading developer, publisher and marketer of interactive entertainment for consumers around the globe. We develop and publish products principally through Rockstar Games, 2K and Zynga. Top Titles Include: Top Titles Include: Top Titles Include: Grand Theft Auto Red Dead Redemption L.A. Noire Max Payne Midnight Club NBA 2K Borderlands PGA TOUR 2K BioShock Tiny Tina s Wonderlands Mafia Sid Meier s Civilization WWE 2K XCOM Match Factory! Toon Blast Twisted Tangle Merge Dragons! Color Block Jam Words With Friends Top Eleven Empires Puzzles Zynga Poker 28 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Our strategy is to create hit entertainment experiences, delivered on every platform relevant to our audience through a variety of sound business models. Our pillars - creativity, innovation, and efficiency - guide us as we strive to create the highest quality, most captivating experiences for our consumers. We believe that our player-first approach and commitment to creativity and innovation are distinguishing strengths, enabling us to differentiate our products in the marketplace by combining advanced technology with compelling storylines and characters that provide unique, deeply engaging gameplay experiences. Our teams have established a portfolio of proprietary software content for the major hardware and mobile platforms, and we aim to be at the forefront of technological innovation. We have a diverse portfolio that spans all key platforms and numerous genres, including action, adventure, family, casual, hyper-casual, role-playing, shooter, social casino, sports, and strategy. This enables us to appeal to a wide array of consumers and demographic groups worldwide, ranging from game enthusiasts to casual gamers. Most of our intellectual property is internally owned and developed, which we believe best positions us financially and competitively. In addition, we license selectively some highly recognizable renowned brands, especially in sports entertainment. We support our products with innovative marketing programs created by our internal global marketing teams. Our management team and creative talent at Rockstar Games, 2K, and Zynga are essential to building and maintaining the strongest portfolio of Intellectual Property ( IP ) in the industry. Our compensation program is designed to reflect the importance of our creative talent, including through the use of equity awards to establish strong links between our creative teams and long- term value creation for shareholders. Select Fiscal 2025 Performance Highlights The Company delivered strong financial results in fiscal 2025 and continued to execute successfully on our strategy to capitalize on the popularity of video games by developing and publishing high-quality interactive entertainment experiences across a range of genres. Fiscal 2025 Financial and Operating Results Net Revenue $5.63 Billion Net Bookings (operating metric) $5.65 Billion Net Revenue by Platform Console, PC and Other $2.69 Billion 47.8% of Net Revenue Recurrent Consumer Spending (virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases) Mobile $4.47 Billion 79.4% of Net Revenue $2.94 Billion 52.2% of Net Revenue Business Highlights We released successful hit titles, engaged players with a steady cadence of in-game content, and continued to position our organization for the long term. Highlights from the year include: Grand Theft Auto V continues to expand its audience. As of the end of fiscal 2025 , the title had sold-in over 210 million units worldwide. At the same time, Grand Theft Auto Online remains one of our largest contributors to RCS , led by an array of new modes, rewards, and vehicles, as well as ongoing demand for GTA+ memberships. Rockstar Games continues to expand the possibilities for engagement with the series through ongoing development of its FiveM creator platform. Red Dead Redemption 2 continues to resonate with players worldwide and has sold-in more than 70 million units as of the end of fiscal 2025. NBA 2K25 posted near-record performance during the year and has sold-in nearly 10 million units. Engagement grew significantly, led by new features and continued innovation throughout the title. We are also pleased with the performance of our brand extensions for the franchise, including NBA 2K25 Arcade Edition , NBA 2K Online in China, and our NBA 2K All-Stars mobile title. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 29 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 2K s release of WWE 2K25 was met with great critical acclaim, including a score of 84 on Metacritic for Xbox Series X an all-time high for the series on that platform. Visual Concepts introduced new features, including The Island, a highly immersive WWE-themed world where players can explore, compete in live events, and earn rewards. Consumer appetite for the franchise is growing, with RCS up sharply over the prior iteration. 2K released Sid Meier's Civilization VII , the revolutionary new chapter in our esteemed strategy franchise. Our teams are pursuing opportunities to expand the audience, including the recent launch of Civilization VII VR for Meta Quest 3 and 3S, as well as the title s upcoming release on Switch 2, which will offer new mouse controls for a highly intuitive gameplay experience. Zynga concluded fiscal 2025 with healthy performance, led by their multi-studio approach and continued excellence in Live Ops. Peak delivered strong results. Match Factory! continued to scale throughout the course of the year, driven by innovative bold beats and strategic investments in user acquisition. Toon Blast posted significant growth, led by highly engaging new features, including new single player and team based events and social challenges. Rollic launched a new hit with Color Block Jam , which is scaling rapidly. In just four months of operation, the title has become profitable. Our direct-to-consumer ( DTC ) business delivered record performance, as our teams continue to launch new offers, events, and enhanced personalization, which are driving better conversion. While we have been implementing DTC in our titles for some time, we do believe there is an even greater opportunity to expand this highly accretive channel given recent court rulings. Our strong financial performance in fiscal 2025 also reflects the strategic steps management has taken in the past several years to fortify our balance sheet, grow and diversify our franchise portfolio, and enhance our margin structure for the long term. Shareholder Engagement We maintain a robust year-round shareholder outreach program to facilitate ongoing, two-way dialogue on topics our shareholders find most important. Our Board members are regular participants in these critically important conversations, and we discuss a diverse range of topics, including board, governance, sustainability and executive compensation practices. At our 2024 annual meeting of shareholders, we were pleased that our Say-on-Pay vote received 86% support after extensive outreach and efforts to implement shareholder feedback. Since the 2024 Annual Meeting, we have sought discussions with holders of almost sixty percent of our outstanding shares and held discussions with all investors who expressed an interest in engaging with us, representing nearly one-third of our outstanding shares. Members of our Board of Directors actively participated in discussions with shareholders holding over one-quarter of our outstanding shares. Shareholders continued overwhelmingly to convey positive feedback on our compensation policies including updates we implemented following our 2022 annual meeting. In line with previously shared feedback, shareholders appreciated the increased rigor and disclosure of goal setting for our annual cash incentive program, the shift to a greater percentage of performance-based equity as part of our long-term incentive program, and the implementation of longer performance and vesting periods for equity awards, each of which was implemented in response to prior shareholder feedback and incorporated into the 2022 Management Agreement with ZMC, which became effective for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 ( fiscal 2023 ). 30 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Shareholder Engagement Following the 2024 Annual Meeting Shareholders Contacted Engaged with Director-Led Discussions ~58.6% ~32.9% ~26.5% of our outstanding common stock of our outstanding common stock of our outstanding common stock All percentages represent ownership of Take-Two outstanding common stock as reported by our shareholders most recent filings as of the date of this Proxy Statement. The key topics of discussion during shareholder engagements since the 2024 annual meeting of shareholders included: Compensation Practices: Shareholders appreciated the Compensation Committee s responsiveness to the 2022 Say-on- Pay proposal and were pleased to see the continued commitment to increased goal rigor, the longer duration of the performance and vesting periods for our stock-based compensation, the significant shift to more at risk compensation subject to measurable and rigorous performance goals, and additional disclosures regarding our compensation structure. Board of Directors: Positive discussions with shareholders occurred regarding the skill sets represented by our Board of Directors. Many shareholders noted that they were pleased with our inclusion of an individualized skills matrix for the members of our Board of Directors in last year s proxy statement, stating they appreciated our responsiveness to prior outreach discussions by including both the matrix and the definitions and description of the importance of the skills listed. We have again included an individualized Board of Directors skills matrix (see Page 17 ). Succession Planning and Board Refreshment. Shareholders discussed our approach to succession planning and board refreshment. Many noted they appreciated our process for succession planning throughout the organization, as well the thoughtful way the Board of Directors has rotated its leadership and committee roles to balance new perspectives with institutional knowledge, including the appointment of a new Lead Independent Director in 2023 and the rotation of committee members. As noted above, after this year s Annual Meeting we will be rotating the chair of the Corporate Governance Committee. Sustainability Topics . Shareholders discussed our approach to sustainability topics, including our approach to Human Capital Management, and recognized the importance of retaining and motivating key talent. Many shareholders were pleased that we are taking appropriate steps and understood that our broad-based equity plan is a crucial instrument for attracting, retaining, and motivating the Company s creative talent. Fiscal 2025 Variable Compensation Targets and Performance Achievement Annual and long-term incentives for ZMC and our other NEOs are based on measurable financial and share price performance metrics that reflect key measures of our success. The following table summarizes the targets and actual results for both ZMC and NEO performance-based cash compensation for fiscal 2025 and equity compensation linked to TSR and RCS performance granted in fiscal 2025 . Financial Performance Metrics 2025 Performance Threshold 2025 Performance Target 2025 Performance Maximum Annual Incentive Adjusted EBITDA Performance-Based RSUs (Fiscal 2025 Grant) Relative TSR RCS * Relative TSR and RCS metrics are measured over the three-year period ending March 31, 2027. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 31 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Annual Incentive Plan Target Setting Our Compensation Committee establishes the annual cash incentive based solely on performance against a budgeted Adjusted EBITDA* goal set at the beginning of each fiscal year. Adjusted EBITDA is an objective measure that focuses our executives on operating growth and profitability, which the Committee believes is key to shareholder value creation. There is no discretionary element to this goal. In setting an Adjusted EBITDA target, the Board of Directors works closely with management as part of an iterative process to set the budget and determine an appropriate target that aligns with the Company s goals and objectives for the upcoming fiscal year. The Board of Directors is guided by a philosophy to set rigorous, yet achievable goals that contain appropriate stretch targets to motivate outperformance. The factors considered in determining the appropriate annual Adjusted EBITDA target include the Company s projected annual release schedule, whether the releases are new IP or iterations of established IP, the Company s expected investment in future research and development, and an analysis of the risks and opportunities for the upcoming fiscal year. Because release schedules, investment amounts, and expected risks and opportunities differ year over year, a rigorous target that provides an appropriate incentive for the Company s executives will vary from year to year. In setting our fiscal 2025 Adjusted EBITDA targets, the Board of Directors specifically considered, among other factors: Our expected product releases, including the expected timing of releases; The impact of our cost reduction program; The market conditions for our industry; and Our plan to build scale through organic initiatives. As a result of these considerations, the fiscal 2025 Adjusted EBITDA target was set at a level above the actual Adjusted EBITDA achieved in fiscal 2024. Annual Incentive Plan Achievement Target Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2025 was $902.3 million and the Company achieved actual Adjusted EBITDA of $901.0 million , which was slightly below target. Our achievement reflected: Strong catalog performance; Meeting our cost reduction initiatives; Overperformance of our expectations by NBA 2K; Certain new titles underperforming our expectations; Additional investment in certain mobile titles above what was budgeted; and Certain titles on our release schedule moving to later in the fiscal year or outside of the fiscal year. As a result, ZMC and our other NEOs received bonus payouts under the fiscal 2025 annual incentive plan that were slightly below target level . For further discussion of our results for fiscal 2025 , see the above section titled Select Fiscal 2025 Performance Highlights. For a detailed description of the performance-based RSUs that vested, or failed to vest, in fiscal 2025 , see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Detailed Discussion and Analysis Principal Elements of Non-ZMC Related Executive Compensation NEO Long-Term Incentive Awards Vested in Fiscal 2025 and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Management Agreement. * Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure, which is defined as GAAP net income (loss) excluding the change in deferred net revenue and related cost of revenue, stock-based compensation, business reorganization, interest expense (income), depreciation and amortization, goodwill impairment, amortization and impairment of intangible assets, bonus, income taxes, impact of the revaluation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. Dollar, fair value adjustments related to certain equity investments and acquisition-related costs. Refer to Annex A herein for a reconciliation of GAAP net income to the Adjusted EBITDA measure discussed above. 32 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ZMC Management Agreement Executive Chairman and CEO Strauss Zelnick and President Karl Slatoff serve as executives of the Company under a management agreement (the 2022 Management Agreement ) with ZMC, a partnership of private equity investors that focuses on the media and communications industry, of which they are partners. The 2022 Management Agreement (which runs through March 31, 2029) includes the following enhancements from the prior 2017 Management Agreement that were implemented in response to direct feedback from shareholders: ZMC Management Agreement Enhancements Structural Element 2017 Management Agreement 2022 Management Agreement Percentage of at-risk compensation at max (across both Annual Incentive and LTI awards) 71% 80% (1) Proportion of performance-based equity at target 55% 67% Measurement and vesting period of performance-based equity awards Two years Three years Vesting period of time-based equity Two-year cliff vesting Three-year ratable vesting Percentage of performance-based equity tied to Relative TSR, RCS and IP metrics 75% Relative TSR 12.5% RCS 12.5% IP 75% Relative TSR 25% RCS Relative TSR Peer Group Nasdaq Composite Index Nasdaq-100 Index Rigorous Relative TSR Thresholds 40th percentile minimum 50th percentile target 75th percentile or above maximum Same Increased Transparency 60% cap on fees paid by ZMC to Mr. Zelnick 40% cap on fees paid by ZMC to Mr. Slatoff Same (1) Percentage based on fiscal 2025 compensation. NEO Compensation Structure and Pay-for-Performance Principles The Compensation Committee has developed compensation programs and arrangements designed to place a substantial portion of our executives compensation at risk based on Company performance. Equity awards are a key element in the compensation of our executives, as well as creative talent throughout the organization, given the strong linkage equity awards create between our executives and the long-term performance of our Company as well as the interests of our shareholders. In fiscal 2025 , based on feedback received from shareholders, the Compensation Committee structured ZMC s annual equity grant (i) to maintain 67% weighting on performance awards, ensuring that a significant portion of such equity awards remained at risk and (ii) to continue to have 25% of the vesting criteria for such performance awards subject to the RCS performance metric. Also based on feedback from shareholders, the Compensation Committee (i) added the RCS performance metric to the annual equity grant to our non-ZMC NEOs (comprising 25% of the performance awards), and (ii) maintained the three-year performance period for the performance awards issuable to all our NEOs to ensure continued alignment with long-term shareholder value. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 33 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Compensation to All NEOs We believe the short-term and long-term incentives are balanced to help incentivize optimal performance and also note that there is no duplication in use of performance metrics between short-term and long-term programs. In fiscal 2025 , our NEOs were compensated through three primary components: annual management fee (for ZMC executives) or base salary (for our non-ZMC NEOs), annual incentive and long-term incentives with the majority of such compensation being performance-based and weighted toward long-term incentives. The following table summarizes such compensation components for our NEOs in fiscal 2025 : Compensation Component % Linked to Performance Delivery From Performance Link Performance Measurement/ Vesting Period Annual Management Fee / Annual Base Salary Cash Annual Incentive 100% Cash Adjusted EBITDA 1 year Long-Term Incentive (Equity Grants) 67% at target 80% at maximum Performance- Based Awards 75%: Relative TSR Performance 25%: Recurrent Consumer Spending Performance 3-year measurement period 3-year cliff vest Time-Based Awards 3-year ratable vesting for ZMC executives 4-year ratable vesting for non-ZMC NEOs In fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee decided to add RCS performance-based vesting to our non-ZMC NEO's awards (in the same proportion included in the awards to ZMC) because it focuses executives' attention on achieving growth in RCS, which helps reduce the volatility in our business, since our release slate can vary from year to year, better positioning the Company to achieve our goal of sustained year over year growth. RCS performance is also a measure of the underlying performance of our mobile business and several of our major console-based franchises (including NBA 2K and Grand Theft Auto Online), all of which are strategic priorities for our Company. Structural Pay and Performance Alignment for All NEOs Our NEOs receive a mix of compensation that is appropriately weighted towards at-risk pay in the form of annual incentives and long-term incentives. The Compensation Committee believes this creates strong alignment with the Company s stated compensation philosophy of providing compensation commensurate with individual and corporate performance. The majority of incentive compensation is also delivered in the form of equity, which aligns executives incentives and the interests of our shareholders. The following chart illustrates the fiscal 2025 compensation mix, based on maximum compensation opportunities for ZMC and for our other N EOs . 34 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Highlights of Compensation Governance Practices Take-Two maintains strong compensation governance practices that support our pay-for-performance principles and align management incentives with the interests of our shareholders. We have adopted a number of best practices with respect to executive compensation, including: Clawback policy applicable to NEOs, including ZMC Incentive caps on annual bonuses to NEOs Strong anti-hedging and anti-pledging policies Double-trigger acceleration of vesting on a change in control Meaningful stock ownership requirements (6x per annum management fee, excluding any bonuses, for each of CEO/Chairman and President; 3x annual base salary for other NEOs; and 5x annual cash retainer for directors) Equity incentive plan provisions that prohibit re-pricing of stock options without shareholder approval Limited perquisites No tax gross ups in respect of any excise taxes on parachute payments Annual compensation risk assessment for employee plans Retention of independent compensation consultants by the Compensation Committee Balanced compensation approach between short-and long-term incentive opportunities Detailed Discussion and Analysis The main body of this Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides details on the principles and objectives of our executive compensation program and the Compensation Committee s key fiscal 2025 compensation-related decisions. This section is organized into the following categories: I. Objectives and Philosophy of Executive Compensation II. Competitive Market Positioning III. Compensation to Executive Chairman and CEO and President IV. Other NEO Compensation V. Principal Elements of Non-ZMC Related Executive Compensation VI. Operation of the Compensation Committee VII. Compensation Governance Practices TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement 35 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS DETAILED DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS I. Objectives and Philosophy of Executive Compensation Our executive compensation program is designed to drive Take-Two s mission of producing strong, sustainable financial results for its shareholders by striving to create the highest quality, most captivating experiences for our consumers. To achieve this, it is critical that we have the resources available to attract and retain executives who are committed to creativity, efficiency and innovation. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee has established a market competitive compensation plan for our NEOs that is designed to: Enhance the profitability of the Company and drive shareholder value creation; Link a substantial portion of compensation to the Company s long-term financial and stock price performance, thereby creating long-term shareholder value; Attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified individuals; Reward each NEO s contribution to the Company s profitability and growth; individual initiative, leadership and achievements; and management of risks; and Motivate NEOs to build a career at the Company and to contribute to our future success. Our compensation program s design, and in particular the use of equity awards as a key incentive element, establishes strong links between our creative teams and long-term value creation for shareholders. Our compensation program reflects the importance of creative talent to our business and enables us to retain and incentivize these groups. As a result of the importance we place on equity incentives, Take-Two may, in some years, have higher equity usage for share plans than some of our peers; however, for the past two fiscal years we have been below the 50th percentile of our peer group. The Board of Directors periodically authorizes share repurchases when it believes such actions are in the best interest of the shareholders; these repurchases directly reduce the number of the Company s outstanding shares. II. Competitive Market Positioning The Compensation Committee determines pay levels for our NEOs based on a number of factors, including the individual s role and responsibilities within the Company, the individual s experience and expertise, historical compensation actually realized by the individual, pay levels in the marketplace for similar positions, and performance of the individual and the Company as a whole. In determining pay levels, the Compensation Committee considers all forms of compensation and benefits, including the mix thereof. After consideration of data collected on external competitive levels of compensation and internal relationships within the executive group, the Compensation Committee makes decisions regarding each individual NEO s target total compensation opportunity based on the need to attract, motivate and retain an experienced and effective management team. Fiscal 2025 Peer Group Each year, the Compensation Committee works with its independent compensation consultant, Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. ( FW Cook ) to review and approve a peer group that is used to provide relevant market context for the Committee s decisions. In doing so, the Compensation Committee seeks to approve a peer group that is representative of the sector in which we operate and includes companies with similar revenue and market capitalization as Take-Two. 36 TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. | 2025 Proxy Statement COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS DETAILED DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS For fiscal 2025 , the Compensation Committee approved the following group of 16 companies which reflected the removal of Activision Blizzard Inc. (following its take-private acquisition), and the addition of DraftKings Inc., a digital sports entertainment and gaming company that is similar in size to Take-Two. Videogame Internet Technology Entertainment Leisure Electronic Arts Inc. Booking Holdings Inc. Peloton Interactive, Inc. DraftKings Inc. * Playtika Ltd. eBay Inc. Roku, Inc. Fox Corporation Roblox Corporation Expedia Group, Inc. Sirius XM Holdings Inc. Hasbro, Inc. Match Group, Inc. Mattel, Inc. Paramount Global Warner Music Group Corp. * Added to peer group for fiscal 2025 While the Compensation Committee believes that the peer group consists of a collection of companies for which executive compensation information is publicly available that are most comparable to the Company, the Compensation Committee understands that Take-Two has a limited number of direct competitors in the videogame industry and that many of the Company s competitors are either privately held and/or incorporated in foreign jurisdictions which do not require public disclosure of executive compensation. This dynamic creates added challenges when constructing a statistically reliable set of peers and requires that the Company both include the few direct competitors it has in the group and to expand its pool of potential peer companies to a broader collection of internet and technology, media and entertainment, and leisure companies that we compete with to attract and retain talent. While imperfect, the Compensation Committee believes the peer group selected is representative of the sector in which the Company operates, and includes a balanced set of companies with similar revenue (generally 1/3x-3x) and market capitalization (generally 1/4x-4x) as Take-Two. For fiscal 2026 , as part of its annual review process, the Compensation Committee worked with FW Cook to review the peer group in April 2025 and determined to remove Peloton Interactive, Inc., due to its declining revenues and market capitalization (small size), and add Live Nation Entertainment Inc., TKO Group Holdings Inc. and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. These three additions were identified as size-appropriate peers with industry relevance (as leading media and entertainment content producers and distributors) that better balance the group, overall, on key size measures, including revenue and market capitalization. Target Determinations The Compensation Committee annually reviews total NEO compensation as compared to competitive market data. For purposes of calculating annual target compensation for any fiscal year, the Compensation Committee includes base salary, target cash bonus, target long-term incentive compensation and any special awards. III. Compensation to Executive Chairman and CEO and President Take-Two has a long-standing management relationship with ZMC, under which ZMC provides executive management and other services to Take-Two. This relationship was first established in 2007 and has been maintained, with several amendments and restatements, since that time. Our Executive Chairman and CEO, Strauss Zelnick, and our President, Karl Slatoff, serve in their current roles pursuant to the 2022 Management Agreement with ZMC. Mr. Zelnick has been our Executive Chairman since 2008 and our CEO since 2011. Mr. Slatoff has been our President since May 2013 and previously served in other executive roles at the Company. The Board of Directors believes the Company s management structure and relationship with ZMC has been critical to building the Company s franchises, improving profitability, strengthening the balance sheet, and providing disciplined management. Many shareholders have told us that we should make continuing the relationship with ZMC a top priority. Since first engaging ZMC in 2007, the Company has been transformed from single franchise dependency into a diverse, financially strong, global interactive entertainment enterprise. The Company now has 16 franchises with individual titles that have sold-in to retail more than 5 million units each, and 15 of the top 200 U.S. grossing mobile games. The Company has also expanded geographically, in digital di