=== TTWO_2025-05-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A herein. All forward-looking statements are qualified by these cautionary statements and speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. All figures are in millions, except per share amounts, employee figures, or as otherwise noted. PART I Item 1. Business General We are a leading developer, publisher, and marketer of interactive entertainment for consumers around the globe. We develop, operate, and publish products principally through Rockstar Games, 2K, and Zynga. In October 2024, we sold our Private Division label, including our rights to substantially all of the label's titles. Our products are designed for console gaming systems, including, but not limited to, the Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc. ("Sony") PlayStation 4 ("PS4") and PlayStation5 ("PS5"), the Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft") Xbox One ("Xbox One") and Xbox Series X|S ("Xbox Series X|S"), and the Nintendo Switch TM ("Switch"), as well as mobile, including smartphones and tablets, and personal computers ("PC"). We deliver our products through physical retail, digital download, online platforms, and cloud streaming services. Our website address is www.take2games.com. We make all of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") available free of charge on our website under the caption "Financial Information SEC Filings." Included in these filings are our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, which are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC maintains a website that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information that issuers (including the Company) file electronically with the SEC. The SEC's website is www.sec.gov . Strategy Overview. Our strategy is to create hit entertainment experiences, delivered on every platform relevant to our audience through a variety of sound business models. Our pillars - creativity, innovation, and efficiency - guide us as we strive to create the highest quality, most captivating experiences for our consumers. We believe that our player-first approach and commitment to creativity and innovation are distinguishing strengths, enabling us to differentiate our products in the marketplace by combining advanced technology with compelling storylines and characters that provide unique, deeply engaging gameplay experiences. Our teams have established a portfolio of proprietary software content for the major hardware and mobile platforms, and we aim to be at the forefront of technological innovation. We have a diverse portfolio that spans all key platforms and numerous genres, including action, adventure, family, casual, hyper-casual, role-playing, shooter, social casino, sports, and strategy. This enables us to appeal to a wide array of consumers and demographic groups worldwide, ranging from game 1 enthusiasts to casual gamers. Most of our intellectual property is internally owned and developed, which we believe best positions us financially and competitively. In addition, we license selectively some highly recognizable renowned brands, especially in sports entertainment. We support our products with innovative marketing programs created by our internal global marketing teams. Attract and Retain the Best Talent in the Business. Our headcount includes 12,928 full-time employees as of March 31, 2025, including 10,096 in development studios. We are proud of the culture we have established and believe that it enables us to attract and retain some of the most talented individuals in our industry and consistently set new benchmarks for excellence. By empowering our colleagues to embrace an entrepreneurial mindset and to take calculated risks, we believe that we have created an environment where our people can thrive. We believe that we deploy best-in-class recruiting practices to attract new talent and encourage our people to pursue satisfying, long-term career opportunities with us by providing competitive compensation plans that align our people with our shareholders, extensive employee benefits and well-being programs, and numerous learning and development programs to encourage career growth and progression. Develop Robust Player Relationships. Many of our releases offer a steady cadence of post-launch content to drive further engagement with our franchises, including virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases. This approach enables us to maintain consistent, positive relationships with our players, sustain ongoing relevance for our intellectual properties, and enhance the performance of our titles. We continue to invest in tools and infrastructure to deepen our understanding of our players and to strengthen our relationships with them. This includes our customer data platform and our customer insights and analytics, which inform our go-to-market strategy and allow us to maintain ongoing communications with our players that are tailored to their interests. We also engage with emerging marketing platforms, technologies, and services to enhance our reach and capabilities, including our direct-to-consumer commerce platform, through which players can purchase in-game offerings, primarily for our mobile titles. The enjoyment and safety of our players is of paramount importance to us, and we are committed to providing safe, inclusive, and welcoming environments in which our communities can gather and enjoy our services free of harassment, hate speech, toxic behavior, abuse, and other offensive content and conduct. Increase Scale and Profitability. A key component of our strategy is to build a portfolio and forward pipeline of commercially successful franchises across console, PC, and mobile platforms. We believe that we can increase our scale by launching new intellectual properties; growing our core franchises through high-quality, fresh sequels, relevant brand extensions, and robust live services; and expanding our intellectual property portfolio and talent base through strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We provide continuous recurrent consumer spending offerings to fuel player engagement and growth. We use a product investment review process to evaluate potential titles for investment, review existing titles in development, and assess titles after release by measuring their performance in the market and the return on our investment. We believe that our disciplined approach to product investment will enhance the competitiveness and profitability of our titles. As we grow our scale, we seek to run our business in a highly efficient manner in an effort to optimize and enhance our profitability. We regularly assess opportunities to contain or reduce costs, including leveraging shared services and technology. Identify and Lead New Paradigms and Market Trends. Our teams aspire to be at the forefront of innovation in our industry. We are constantly evaluating and investing selectively in emerging platforms, technologies, business models, and geographies that we believe will help us grow and strengthen our business. In particular, we believe that there are meaningful opportunities to expand our presence in Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America. Within these regions, China is our most established market, where we offer NBA 2K Online and Civilization: Eras and Allies through our partnership with Tencent. Our NBA 2K Online business is the top online PC sports game in China. We also direct our teams to anticipate and actively address changes in consumer behavior and technology so that we can evolve our business as new dynamics develop. Our Businesses We derive substantially all of our revenue from the sale of our interactive entertainment content, which includes the sale of internally developed software titles and software titles developed by third parties, the sale of in-game virtual items and advertising, and live services on console, PC, and mobile. Operating margins are dependent in part upon our ability to release new, commercially successful software products and to manage effectively their development and marketing costs. We have internal development studios located in Australia, Canada, China, Czech Republic, Finland, Germany, Hungary, India, Serbia, South Korea, Spain, Turkey, the United Kingdom ("U.K."), and the United States ("U.S."). As of March 31, 2025, we had a 2 research and development staff of 10,096 full-time employees with the technical capabilities to develop software titles for all major consoles, PCs, and mobile platforms in multiple languages and territories. We engage in evolving business models such as online gaming, virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases, and we expect to continue to generate incremental revenue from these opportunities. We also generate revenue from advertising primarily within our mobile software products. Rockstar Games. Rockstar Games' strategy is to develop a limited number of titles that are known for their quality and longevity in the market for which they can create sequels and incremental revenue opportunities through virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases. Software titles published by our Rockstar Games label are primarily internally developed. We expect Rockstar Games, our wholly-owned publisher of the Grand Theft Auto , L.A. Noire , Max Payne , Midnight Club , Red Dead Redemption , and other popular franchises, to continue to be a leader in the action/adventure product category and to create groundbreaking entertainment. We believe that Rockstar Games has established a uniquely original, popular, cultural phenomenon with its Grand Theft Auto series, which is the interactive entertainment industry's most iconic and critically acclaimed brand and has sold-in over 445 million units worldwide. Our most recent installment, Grand Theft Auto V , which was released in 2013, has sold-in over 210 million units worldwide and includes access to Grand Theft Auto Online . Rockstar Games offers its GTA+ membership program, which engages its player community with an array of rotating benefits, including access to classic Rockstar Games titles. Rockstar Games continues to invest in the franchise and announced that Grand Theft Auto VI , which was expected to launch in Fall of Calendar 2025, is now planned for release on May 26, 2026, during our fiscal year 2027. The label released its first trailer for the title in December 2023 and the second in May 2025 and will share more details in the future. Red Dead Redemption 2 , which has been a critical and commercial success that set numerous entertainment industry records, has sold-in more than 70 million units worldwide to date. Rockstar Games continues to expand on its established series by developing sequels, offering downloadable episodes, and providing additional content. Rockstar Games' titles are published across all key platforms, including mobile. 2K. Our 2K label has published a variety of popular entertainment properties across all key platforms and across a range of genres including shooter, action, role-playing, strategy, sports, and family/casual entertainment. In recent years, 2K has expanded its offerings to include several new franchises that are expected to enhance and diversify its slate of games and provide opportunities for sequels and additional content. We expect 2K to continue to develop new, successful franchises in the future. 2K's internally owned and developed franchises include the critically acclaimed, multi-million unit selling BioShock , Mafia , Sid Meier's Civilization , and XCOM franchises, as well as the Borderlands and Tiny Tina's Wonderlands franchises, which we now own following our June 2024 acquisition of Gearbox Entertainment. 2K's realistic sports simulation titles include our flagship NBA 2K series, which continues to be the top-ranked NBA basketball video game, the WWE 2K professional wrestling series, PGA TOUR 2K , and TopSpin 2K . 2K also publishes mobile titles, including WWE SuperCard . In 2018, we expanded our relationship with the NBA through the NBA 2K League. Zynga. Our Zynga label publishes popular free-to-play mobile games that deliver high quality, deeply engaging entertainment experiences and generates revenue from in-game sales and in-game advertising. Zynga's strategy is to have numerous games in concept development and to determine which titles are best suited for soft launch and worldwide launch based on the achievement of various milestones and key performance indicator (KPI) thresholds. Zynga's diverse portfolio of popular game franchises has been downloaded more than six billion times, including CSR Racing , Dragon City , Empires Puzzles , FarmVille , Game of Thrones: Legends, Golf Rival , Harry Potter: Puzzles Spells , Match Factory! , Merge Dragons! , Merge Magic! , Monster Legends , Toon Blast , Top Eleven , Toy Blast , Two Dots , Words With Friends , Zynga Poker , and a high volume of hyper-casual mobile titles, including Color Block Jam, Fill the Fridge!, Parking Jam 3D , Power Slap , Pull the Pin, Screw Jam , Twisted Tangle, and Tangled Snakes . Private Division. In October 2024, we sold our Private Division label, including our rights to substantially all of the label's titles. The label was dedicated to bringing titles from the industry's leading creative talent to market and was the publisher, developer, and owner of Kerbal Space Program . Intellectual Property Our business is highly dependent on the creation, acquisition, licensing, and protection of intellectual property. We believe that content ownership facilitates our internal product development efforts and maximizes profit potential. We attempt to protect our software and production techniques under copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws as well as through contractual restrictions on disclosure, copying, and distribution. We also enter into content license agreements, such as those with sports leagues, players associations, copyrighted fictional characters and entertainment brands, car manufacturers, music labels, and musicians. These licenses are typically limited to the use of the licensed rights in products for specific time periods. In addition, we license and include console 3 manufacturer technology in our products on a non-exclusive basis, which allows our games to be played on their respective hardware systems. Manufacturing Platform manufacturers, such as Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo, either manufacture or control the selection of approved manufacturers of physical copies of software products sold for use on their respective hardware platforms. We place a purchase order for the manufacture of our products with Sony, Nintendo, or Microsoft's approved replicator and then send software code to the manufacturer, together with related artwork, user instructions, warranty information, brochures and packaging designs for approval, defect testing and manufacture. Games are generally shipped within two to three weeks of receipt of our purchase order and all materials. Our software titles typically carry a 90-day limited warranty. Arrangements with Platform Manufacturers We have entered into license agreements with Sony and Microsoft to develop and publish software in Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, and certain Latin American, Middle Eastern, and African countries. We are not required to obtain any licenses from hardware manufacturers to develop titles for the PC. Sony. Effective March 23, 2017, we entered into a PlayStation Global Developer and Publisher Agreement with Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc. and certain of its affiliates, pursuant to which Sony granted us the right and license to develop, publish, have manufactured, market, advertise, distribute and sell PlayStation compatible products for all PlayStation systems. The agreement requires us to submit products to Sony for approval and for us to make royalty payments to Sony based on the number of units manufactured or revenue from digitally downloaded content. In addition, products for PlayStation systems are required to be manufactured by Sony-approved manufacturers. On September 30, 2020, we entered into a PlayStation 5 Amendment, with an effective date of May 1, 2020 (the PS5 Amendment ), to our existing PlayStation Global Developer and Publisher Agreement. The PS5 Amendment amends the existing agreement to include the PlayStation 5 interactive entertainment system in the definition of systems in the agreement and to extend all of the terms and conditions of the existing agreement to our PlayStation 5 products and services. The term of the agreement, as amended, expires on March 31, 2026, with automatic one-year renewal terms thereafter (unless one party gives the other notice of termination). Sony may terminate the agreement for any or no reason upon 30 days notice. The agreement may also be terminated by Sony immediately in the event of a breach by us or our bankruptcy or insolvency. Upon expiration or termination of the agreement, we have certain rights to sell off existing inventories. Microsoft. Under the terms of the license agreements that we have entered into with Microsoft Corporation and its affiliates, Microsoft granted us the right and license to develop, publish, have manufactured, market, advertise, distribute and sell Xbox compatible products. The agreements require us to submit products to Microsoft for approval and to make royalty payments to Microsoft based on the number of units manufactured or revenue from digitally downloaded content. In addition, products for the Xbox consoles are required to be manufactured by Microsoft-approved manufacturers. Effective as of November 17, 2005, we entered into an Xbox 360 Publisher License Agreement with Microsoft for the Xbox 360 console (the Xbox 360 Agreement ). Effective as of July 1, 2020, we entered into an Xbox Console Publisher License Agreement with Microsoft for the Xbox Series X|S and Xbox One consoles (the Xbox Next Gen Agreement and, together with Xbox 360 Agreement, the Xbox Agreements ). The terms of both Xbox Agreements expire on March 31, 2026, each with automatic one-year renewal terms thereafter (unless one party gives the other advance notice of non-renewal). These Xbox Agreements may be terminated by Microsoft immediately in the event of a breach by us, and the Xbox Next Gen Agreement may also be terminated by Microsoft immediately in the event of our bankruptcy or insolvency. Upon expiration or termination of each of the Xbox Agreements, we have certain rights to sell off existing inventories. Sales We sell software titles both digitally and physically through direct relationships with digital storefronts and platform partners, large retail customers, and third-party distributors. We sell our products globally and have sales operations in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, the U.K., and the U.S. We manage a direct-to-consumer platform, primarily for our mobile business, to drive purchases directly with our consumer base. By leveraging our direct-to-consumer platform, we are able to build closer relationships with our players, understand their behaviors and preferences more accurately, and provide value with various offers and event types. We are dependent on a limited number of customers that account for a significant portion of our sales. Sales to our five largest customers during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, accounted for 81.0% of our net revenue, with Apple, Sony, Google, and Microsoft each accounting for more than 10.0% of our net revenue. 4 We distribute our titles, add-on content, and in-game purchases through direct digital download to consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. We view digital distribution as the principal channel for our industry and Company; however, we expect that packaged goods and traditional retailers will continue to be an important channel for the sale of our console products for the foreseeable future, particularly in connection with the release of certain titles for consoles or certain regions where digital distribution is not as well established. We also sell advertising within a number of our games, primarily in mobile. Our advertising offerings provide creative ways for marketers and advertisers to reach and engage with our players and are generally essential for our free-to-play titles. Our advertising offerings include banner and interstitial advertisements, engagement advertisements and offers in which players can participate in watch-to-earn engagements or other offer engagements, branded virtual items, and sponsorships that integrate relevant advertising and messaging within game play. Marketing Our marketing and promotional efforts are intended to acquire new users, maximize consumer interest in our titles, promote brand name recognition of our franchises, assist retailers and to properly position, package and merchandise our titles. Marketing is particularly important for our mobile titles to build a large community of players. From time to time, we also receive marketing support from hardware manufacturers in connection with their own promotional efforts. We market titles by: Implementing public relations campaigns, using social, digital, online, television, outdoor, and print marketing, including certain performance marketing programs. We aim to label and market our products in accordance with the applicable principles and guidelines of the Entertainment Software Rating Board, ("ESRB"), an independent self-regulatory body that assigns ratings and enforces advertising guidelines for the interactive software industry in the U.S. In addition, we work with similar global agencies, including the Pan-European Game Information, which is used throughout most of Europe in more than 35 countries, and the International Age Rating Coalition ("IARC"), a rating and age classification system for digitally delivered games and apps that reflects the unique cultural differences among nations and regions. Stimulating continued sales by reducing the wholesale prices of our products to retailers, digital storefronts, and platform providers at various times during the life of a product. Price protection may occur at any time in a product's life cycle but typically occurs three to nine months after a product's initial launch. In certain international markets, we also provide volume rebates to stimulate continued product sales. Employing various other marketing methods designed to promote consumer awareness, including social media, in-store promotions and point-of-purchase displays, direct mail, cooperative advertising, attendance at trade shows as well as product sampling through demonstration software distributed via the Internet or the digital online services. We have been able to build a large community of players, particularly for mobile titles, through players discovering of our games in platform storefronts, the viral and social features built into the network effects of our games, as well as the cross-promotion of our games to our existing audience. However, we also acquire our players through paid advertising channels. We advertise our mobile games primarily within other mobile applications and on social networks, often through in-app and other advertising partners such as Facebook and Google. As of March 31, 2025, we had a sales and marketing staff of 1,418 full-time employees. Competition Competition in the interactive entertainment industry is based on innovation, features, playability, product quality, brand name recognition, compatibility with popular platforms, access to distribution channels, price, marketing, and customer service. Our business is driven by hit titles, which require increasing budgets for development and marketing. Competition for our titles is influenced by the timing of competitive product releases and the similarity of such products to our titles. In our business, we compete with: Other interactive entertainment companies that range in size and cost structure from very small with limited resources to very large with greater financial, marketing, technical, and other resources than ours. Examples of our competitors include Electronic Arts Inc., Embracer Group AB, Playrix, Playtika, Roblox, Savvy Games, Tencent, and Ubisoft Entertainment S.A. We also expect new competitors to enter the market and existing competitors to allocate more resources to develop and market competing games and applications. 5 Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo for the sale of interactive entertainment software. Each of these competitors is a large developer and marketer of software for their own platforms and has the financial resources to withstand significant price competition and to implement extensive advertising campaigns. Other software, hardware, entertainment, and media for limited retail shelf space and promotional resources. The competition for shelf space, whether physical or virtual, and promotional support is intense among an increasing number of newly introduced entertainment software titles and hardware. Other forms of entertainment such as motion pictures, television, social networking, online applications, short-form video, and other forms of entertainment, which may be less expensive or provide other advantages to consumers. International Operations International sales are a significant part of our business. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we earned 39.5%, 38.7% and 37.2%, respectively, of our net revenue outside the U.S. We are subject to risks inherent in foreign trade, including increased credit risks, tariffs and duties, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, shipping delays and international political, regulatory, and economic developments, all of which can have a significant effect on our operating results. In particular, as a global company operating in many jurisdictions, we are subject to various and complex laws and regulations domestically and internationally, including laws and regulations related to gaming, user privacy, data collection and retention, consumer protection, protection of minors, online safety, content, advertising, localization, information security, intellectual property, competition, sanctions, addressing climate change, taxation, and employment, among others. Many of these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing, and the application to, and impact on, us is uncertain. Certain of our business models are subject to new laws or regulations or evolving interpretations and application of existing laws and regulations. The growth and development of electronic commerce, virtual items, and virtual currency has prompted calls for new laws and regulations and resulted in the application of existing laws or regulations that have limited or restricted the sale of our products and services in certain territories. For more information on risks associated with complying with applicable laws, please see " Risk Factors " Risks related to legal or regulatory compliance. Segment and Geographic Information We have one operating and reportable segment. See Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Human Capital Human Capital Management. Our headcount includes 12,928 full-time employees as of March 31, 2025. We are proud of our established culture, and our reputation for creativity, innovation, and efficiency enables us to attract some of the most talented individuals in our industry and consistently set new benchmarks for excellence. We are constantly focused on our teams their success, their structure, and how best to support them given their particular needs and projects. 49% of our full-time employees are located in North America, 34% in Europe, and 17% in the Asia-Pacific region; 78% of our full-time employees are focused on product development. While some of our teams are now working from the office full time, many of our colleagues are working in hybrid work environments, with some flexibility to work remotely on various days. We believe this structure maintains strong productivity, and collaboration, cultivates a strong internal culture, and is also beneficial for talent retention. Our approach to the workplace presents challenges, as well as opportunities, for managing teams and supporting employees. We continue to support our workforce through ongoing and new initiatives, including enhanced manager training to strengthen team cohesion across various work models, encouragement of healthy work habits, active engagement with employee feedback, and a continued focus on mental health awareness. By empowering our teams to embrace an entrepreneurial mindset and to take calculated risks, we foster an environment where our people can thrive. We believe that we deploy best-in-class recruiting practices to attract new talent, and we encourage our people to pursue satisfying, long-term career opportunities with us by providing competitive compensation benefits and well-being programs and by offering numerous learning and development programs to encourage career growth and progression. Sustainability. We recognize the synergies between corporate citizenship and smart business and are committed to focusing on, and measuring the impact of, our sustainability activities, which are rooted in our core tenets of creativity, innovation, and efficiency. We believe sustainability creates value for all stakeholders, including empl