=== TTWO_2025-05-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A herein. All forward-looking statements are qualified by these cautionary statements and speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. All figures are in millions, except per share amounts, employee figures, or as otherwise noted. PART I Item 1. Business General We are a leading developer, publisher, and marketer of interactive entertainment for consumers around the globe. We develop, operate, and publish products principally through Rockstar Games, 2K, and Zynga. In October 2024, we sold our Private Division label, including our rights to substantially all of the label's titles. Our products are designed for console gaming systems, including, but not limited to, the Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc. ("Sony") PlayStation 4 ("PS4") and PlayStation5 ("PS5"), the Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft") Xbox One ("Xbox One") and Xbox Series X|S ("Xbox Series X|S"), and the Nintendo Switch TM ("Switch"), as well as mobile, including smartphones and tablets, and personal computers ("PC"). We deliver our products through physical retail, digital download, online platforms, and cloud streaming services. Our website address is www.take2games.com. We make all of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") available free of charge on our website under the caption "Financial Information SEC Filings." Included in these filings are our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, which are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC maintains a website that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information that issuers (including the Company) file electronically with the SEC. The SEC's website is www.sec.gov . Strategy Overview. Our strategy is to create hit entertainment experiences, delivered on every platform relevant to our audience through a variety of sound business models. Our pillars - creativity, innovation, and efficiency - guide us as we strive to create the highest quality, most captivating experiences for our consumers. We believe that our player-first approach and commitment to creativity and innovation are distinguishing strengths, enabling us to differentiate our products in the marketplace by combining advanced technology with compelling storylines and characters that provide unique, deeply engaging gameplay experiences. Our teams have established a portfolio of proprietary software content for the major hardware and mobile platforms, and we aim to be at the forefront of technological innovation. We have a diverse portfolio that spans all key platforms and numerous genres, including action, adventure, family, casual, hyper-casual, role-playing, shooter, social casino, sports, and strategy. This enables us to appeal to a wide array of consumers and demographic groups worldwide, ranging from game 1 enthusiasts to casual gamers. Most of our intellectual property is internally owned and developed, which we believe best positions us financially and competitively. In addition, we license selectively some highly recognizable renowned brands, especially in sports entertainment. We support our products with innovative marketing programs created by our internal global marketing teams. Attract and Retain the Best Talent in the Business. Our headcount includes 12,928 full-time employees as of March 31, 2025, including 10,096 in development studios. We are proud of the culture we have established and believe that it enables us to attract and retain some of the most talented individuals in our industry and consistently set new benchmarks for excellence. By empowering our colleagues to embrace an entrepreneurial mindset and to take calculated risks, we believe that we have created an environment where our people can thrive. We believe that we deploy best-in-class recruiting practices to attract new talent and encourage our people to pursue satisfying, long-term career opportunities with us by providing competitive compensation plans that align our people with our shareholders, extensive employee benefits and well-being programs, and numerous learning and development programs to encourage career growth and progression. Develop Robust Player Relationships. Many of our releases offer a steady cadence of post-launch content to drive further engagement with our franchises, including virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases. This approach enables us to maintain consistent, positive relationships with our players, sustain ongoing relevance for our intellectual properties, and enhance the performance of our titles. We continue to invest in tools and infrastructure to deepen our understanding of our players and to strengthen our relationships with them. This includes our customer data platform and our customer insights and analytics, which inform our go-to-market strategy and allow us to maintain ongoing communications with our players that are tailored to their interests. We also engage with emerging marketing platforms, technologies, and services to enhance our reach and capabilities, including our direct-to-consumer commerce platform, through which players can purchase in-game offerings, primarily for our mobile titles. The enjoyment and safety of our players is of paramount importance to us, and we are committed to providing safe, inclusive, and welcoming environments in which our communities can gather and enjoy our services free of harassment, hate speech, toxic behavior, abuse, and other offensive content and conduct. Increase Scale and Profitability. A key component of our strategy is to build a portfolio and forward pipeline of commercially successful franchises across console, PC, and mobile platforms. We believe that we can increase our scale by launching new intellectual properties; growing our core franchises through high-quality, fresh sequels, relevant brand extensions, and robust live services; and expanding our intellectual property portfolio and talent base through strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We provide continuous recurrent consumer spending offerings to fuel player engagement and growth. We use a product investment review process to evaluate potential titles for investment, review existing titles in development, and assess titles after release by measuring their performance in the market and the return on our investment. We believe that our disciplined approach to product investment will enhance the competitiveness and profitability of our titles. As we grow our scale, we seek to run our business in a highly efficient manner in an effort to optimize and enhance our profitability. We regularly assess opportunities to contain or reduce costs, including leveraging shared services and technology. Identify and Lead New Paradigms and Market Trends. Our teams aspire to be at the forefront of innovation in our industry. We are constantly evaluating and investing selectively in emerging platforms, technologies, business models, and geographies that we believe will help us grow and strengthen our business. In particular, we believe that there are meaningful opportunities to expand our presence in Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America. Within these regions, China is our most established market, where we offer NBA 2K Online and Civilization: Eras and Allies through our partnership with Tencent. Our NBA 2K Online business is the top online PC sports game in China. We also direct our teams to anticipate and actively address changes in consumer behavior and technology so that we can evolve our business as new dynamics develop. Our Businesses We derive substantially all of our revenue from the sale of our interactive entertainment content, which includes the sale of internally developed software titles and software titles developed by third parties, the sale of in-game virtual items and advertising, and live services on console, PC, and mobile. Operating margins are dependent in part upon our ability to release new, commercially successful software products and to manage effectively their development and marketing costs. We have internal development studios located in Australia, Canada, China, Czech Republic, Finland, Germany, Hungary, India, Serbia, South Korea, Spain, Turkey, the United Kingdom ("U.K."), and the United States ("U.S."). As of March 31, 2025, we had a 2 research and development staff of 10,096 full-time employees with the technical capabilities to develop software titles for all major consoles, PCs, and mobile platforms in multiple languages and territories. We engage in evolving business models such as online gaming, virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases, and we expect to continue to generate incremental revenue from these opportunities. We also generate revenue from advertising primarily within our mobile software products. Rockstar Games. Rockstar Games' strategy is to develop a limited number of titles that are known for their quality and longevity in the market for which they can create sequels and incremental revenue opportunities through virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases. Software titles published by our Rockstar Games label are primarily internally developed. We expect Rockstar Games, our wholly-owned publisher of the Grand Theft Auto , L.A. Noire , Max Payne , Midnight Club , Red Dead Redemption , and other popular franchises, to continue to be a leader in the action/adventure product category and to create groundbreaking entertainment. We believe that Rockstar Games has established a uniquely original, popular, cultural phenomenon with its Grand Theft Auto series, which is the interactive entertainment industry's most iconic and critically acclaimed brand and has sold-in over 445 million units worldwide. Our most recent installment, Grand Theft Auto V , which was released in 2013, has sold-in over 210 million units worldwide and includes access to Grand Theft Auto Online . Rockstar Games offers its GTA+ membership program, which engages its player community with an array of rotating benefits, including access to classic Rockstar Games titles. Rockstar Games continues to invest in the franchise and announced that Grand Theft Auto VI , which was expected to launch in Fall of Calendar 2025, is now planned for release on May 26, 2026, during our fiscal year 2027. The label released its first trailer for the title in December 2023 and the second in May 2025 and will share more details in the future. Red Dead Redemption 2 , which has been a critical and commercial success that set numerous entertainment industry records, has sold-in more than 70 million units worldwide to date. Rockstar Games continues to expand on its established series by developing sequels, offering downloadable episodes, and providing additional content. Rockstar Games' titles are published across all key platforms, including mobile. 2K. Our 2K label has published a variety of popular entertainment properties across all key platforms and across a range of genres including shooter, action, role-playing, strategy, sports, and family/casual entertainment. In recent years, 2K has expanded its offerings to include several new franchises that are expected to enhance and diversify its slate of games and provide opportunities for sequels and additional content. We expect 2K to continue to develop new, successful franchises in the future. 2K's internally owned and developed franchises include the critically acclaimed, multi-million unit selling BioShock , Mafia , Sid Meier's Civilization , and XCOM franchises, as well as the Borderlands and Tiny Tina's Wonderlands franchises, which we now own following our June 2024 acquisition of Gearbox Entertainment. 2K's realistic sports simulation titles include our flagship NBA 2K series, which continues to be the top-ranked NBA basketball video game, the WWE 2K professional wrestling series, PGA TOUR 2K , and TopSpin 2K . 2K also publishes mobile titles, including WWE SuperCard . In 2018, we expanded our relationship with the NBA through the NBA 2K League. Zynga. Our Zynga label publishes popular free-to-play mobile games that deliver high quality, deeply engaging entertainment experiences and generates revenue from in-game sales and in-game advertising. Zynga's strategy is to have numerous games in concept development and to determine which titles are best suited for soft launch and worldwide launch based on the achievement of various milestones and key performance indicator (KPI) thresholds. Zynga's diverse portfolio of popular game franchises has been downloaded more than six billion times, including CSR Racing , Dragon City , Empires Puzzles , FarmVille , Game of Thrones: Legends, Golf Rival , Harry Potter: Puzzles Spells , Match Factory! , Merge Dragons! , Merge Magic! , Monster Legends , Toon Blast , Top Eleven , Toy Blast , Two Dots , Words With Friends , Zynga Poker , and a high volume of hyper-casual mobile titles, including Color Block Jam, Fill the Fridge!, Parking Jam 3D , Power Slap , Pull the Pin, Screw Jam , Twisted Tangle, and Tangled Snakes . Private Division. In October 2024, we sold our Private Division label, including our rights to substantially all of the label's titles. The label was dedicated to bringing titles from the industry's leading creative talent to market and was the publisher, developer, and owner of Kerbal Space Program . Intellectual Property Our business is highly dependent on the creation, acquisition, licensing, and protection of intellectual property. We believe that content ownership facilitates our internal product development efforts and maximizes profit potential. We attempt to protect our software and production techniques under copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws as well as through contractual restrictions on disclosure, copying, and distribution. We also enter into content license agreements, such as those with sports leagues, players associations, copyrighted fictional characters and entertainment brands, car manufacturers, music labels, and musicians. These licenses are typically limited to the use of the licensed rights in products for specific time periods. In addition, we license and include console 3 manufacturer technology in our products on a non-exclusive basis, which allows our games to be played on their respective hardware systems. Manufacturing Platform manufacturers, such as Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo, either manufacture or control the selection of approved manufacturers of physical copies of software products sold for use on their respective hardware platforms. We place a purchase order for the manufacture of our products with Sony, Nintendo, or Microsoft's approved replicator and then send software code to the manufacturer, together with related artwork, user instructions, warranty information, brochures and packaging designs for approval, defect testing and manufacture. Games are generally shipped within two to three weeks of receipt of our purchase order and all materials. Our software titles typically carry a 90-day limited warranty. Arrangements with Platform Manufacturers We have entered into license agreements with Sony and Microsoft to develop and publish software in Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, and certain Latin American, Middle Eastern, and African countries. We are not required to obtain any licenses from hardware manufacturers to develop titles for the PC. Sony. Effective March 23, 2017, we entered into a PlayStation Global Developer and Publisher Agreement with Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc. and certain of its affiliates, pursuant to which Sony granted us the right and license to develop, publish, have manufactured, market, advertise, distribute and sell PlayStation compatible products for all PlayStation systems. The agreement requires us to submit products to Sony for approval and for us to make royalty payments to Sony based on the number of units manufactured or revenue from digitally downloaded content. In addition, products for PlayStation systems are required to be manufactured by Sony-approved manufacturers. On September 30, 2020, we entered into a PlayStation 5 Amendment, with an effective date of May 1, 2020 (the PS5 Amendment ), to our existing PlayStation Global Developer and Publisher Agreement. The PS5 Amendment amends the existing agreement to include the PlayStation 5 interactive entertainment system in the definition of systems in the agreement and to extend all of the terms and conditions of the existing agreement to our PlayStation 5 products and services. The term of the agreement, as amended, expires on March 31, 2026, with automatic one-year renewal terms thereafter (unless one party gives the other notice of termination). Sony may terminate the agreement for any or no reason upon 30 days notice. The agreement may also be terminated by Sony immediately in the event of a breach by us or our bankruptcy or insolvency. Upon expiration or termination of the agreement, we have certain rights to sell off existing inventories. Microsoft. Under the terms of the license agreements that we have entered into with Microsoft Corporation and its affiliates, Microsoft granted us the right and license to develop, publish, have manufactured, market, advertise, distribute and sell Xbox compatible products. The agreements require us to submit products to Microsoft for approval and to make royalty payments to Microsoft based on the number of units manufactured or revenue from digitally downloaded content. In addition, products for the Xbox consoles are required to be manufactured by Microsoft-approved manufacturers. Effective as of November 17, 2005, we entered into an Xbox 360 Publisher License Agreement with Microsoft for the Xbox 360 console (the Xbox 360 Agreement ). Effective as of July 1, 2020, we entered into an Xbox Console Publisher License Agreement with Microsoft for the Xbox Series X|S and Xbox One consoles (the Xbox Next Gen Agreement and, together with Xbox 360 Agreement, the Xbox Agreements ). The terms of both Xbox Agreements expire on March 31, 2026, each with automatic one-year renewal terms thereafter (unless one party gives the other advance notice of non-renewal). These Xbox Agreements may be terminated by Microsoft immediately in the event of a breach by us, and the Xbox Next Gen Agreement may also be terminated by Microsoft immediately in the event of our bankruptcy or insolvency. Upon expiration or termination of each of the Xbox Agreements, we have certain rights to sell off existing inventories. Sales We sell software titles both digitally and physically through direct relationships with digital storefronts and platform partners, large retail customers, and third-party distributors. We sell our products globally and have sales operations in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, the U.K., and the U.S. We manage a direct-to-consumer platform, primarily for our mobile business, to drive purchases directly with our consumer base. By leveraging our direct-to-consumer platform, we are able to build closer relationships with our players, understand their behaviors and preferences more accurately, and provide value with various offers and event types. We are dependent on a limited number of customers that account for a significant portion of our sales. Sales to our five largest customers during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, accounted for 81.0% of our net revenue, with Apple, Sony, Google, and Microsoft each accounting for more than 10.0% of our net revenue. 4 We distribute our titles, add-on content, and in-game purchases through direct digital download to consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. We view digital distribution as the principal channel for our industry and Company; however, we expect that packaged goods and traditional retailers will continue to be an important channel for the sale of our console products for the foreseeable future, particularly in connection with the release of certain titles for consoles or certain regions where digital distribution is not as well established. We also sell advertising within a number of our games, primarily in mobile. Our advertising offerings provide creative ways for marketers and advertisers to reach and engage with our players and are generally essential for our free-to-play titles. Our advertising offerings include banner and interstitial advertisements, engagement advertisements and offers in which players can participate in watch-to-earn engagements or other offer engagements, branded virtual items, and sponsorships that integrate relevant advertising and messaging within game play. Marketing Our marketing and promotional efforts are intended to acquire new users, maximize consumer interest in our titles, promote brand name recognition of our franchises, assist retailers and to properly position, package and merchandise our titles. Marketing is particularly important for our mobile titles to build a large community of players. From time to time, we also receive marketing support from hardware manufacturers in connection with their own promotional efforts. We market titles by: Implementing public relations campaigns, using social, digital, online, television, outdoor, and print marketing, including certain performance marketing programs. We aim to label and market our products in accordance with the applicable principles and guidelines of the Entertainment Software Rating Board, ("ESRB"), an independent self-regulatory body that assigns ratings and enforces advertising guidelines for the interactive software industry in the U.S. In addition, we work with similar global agencies, including the Pan-European Game Information, which is used throughout most of Europe in more than 35 countries, and the International Age Rating Coalition ("IARC"), a rating and age classification system for digitally delivered games and apps that reflects the unique cultural differences among nations and regions. Stimulating continued sales by reducing the wholesale prices of our products to retailers, digital storefronts, and platform providers at various times during the life of a product. Price protection may occur at any time in a product's life cycle but typically occurs three to nine months after a product's initial launch. In certain international markets, we also provide volume rebates to stimulate continued product sales. Employing various other marketing methods designed to promote consumer awareness, including social media, in-store promotions and point-of-purchase displays, direct mail, cooperative advertising, attendance at trade shows as well as product sampling through demonstration software distributed via the Internet or the digital online services. We have been able to build a large community of players, particularly for mobile titles, through players discovering of our games in platform storefronts, the viral and social features built into the network effects of our games, as well as the cross-promotion of our games to our existing audience. However, we also acquire our players through paid advertising channels. We advertise our mobile games primarily within other mobile applications and on social networks, often through in-app and other advertising partners such as Facebook and Google. As of March 31, 2025, we had a sales and marketing staff of 1,418 full-time employees. Competition Competition in the interactive entertainment industry is based on innovation, features, playability, product quality, brand name recognition, compatibility with popular platforms, access to distribution channels, price, marketing, and customer service. Our business is driven by hit titles, which require increasing budgets for development and marketing. Competition for our titles is influenced by the timing of competitive product releases and the similarity of such products to our titles. In our business, we compete with: Other interactive entertainment companies that range in size and cost structure from very small with limited resources to very large with greater financial, marketing, technical, and other resources than ours. Examples of our competitors include Electronic Arts Inc., Embracer Group AB, Playrix, Playtika, Roblox, Savvy Games, Tencent, and Ubisoft Entertainment S.A. We also expect new competitors to enter the market and existing competitors to allocate more resources to develop and market competing games and applications. 5 Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo for the sale of interactive entertainment software. Each of these competitors is a large developer and marketer of software for their own platforms and has the financial resources to withstand significant price competition and to implement extensive advertising campaigns. Other software, hardware, entertainment, and media for limited retail shelf space and promotional resources. The competition for shelf space, whether physical or virtual, and promotional support is intense among an increasing number of newly introduced entertainment software titles and hardware. Other forms of entertainment such as motion pictures, television, social networking, online applications, short-form video, and other forms of entertainment, which may be less expensive or provide other advantages to consumers. International Operations International sales are a significant part of our business. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we earned 39.5%, 38.7% and 37.2%, respectively, of our net revenue outside the U.S. We are subject to risks inherent in foreign trade, including increased credit risks, tariffs and duties, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, shipping delays and international political, regulatory, and economic developments, all of which can have a significant effect on our operating results. In particular, as a global company operating in many jurisdictions, we are subject to various and complex laws and regulations domestically and internationally, including laws and regulations related to gaming, user privacy, data collection and retention, consumer protection, protection of minors, online safety, content, advertising, localization, information security, intellectual property, competition, sanctions, addressing climate change, taxation, and employment, among others. Many of these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing, and the application to, and impact on, us is uncertain. Certain of our business models are subject to new laws or regulations or evolving interpretations and application of existing laws and regulations. The growth and development of electronic commerce, virtual items, and virtual currency has prompted calls for new laws and regulations and resulted in the application of existing laws or regulations that have limited or restricted the sale of our products and services in certain territories. For more information on risks associated with complying with applicable laws, please see " Risk Factors " Risks related to legal or regulatory compliance. Segment and Geographic Information We have one operating and reportable segment. See Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Human Capital Human Capital Management. Our headcount includes 12,928 full-time employees as of March 31, 2025. We are proud of our established culture, and our reputation for creativity, innovation, and efficiency enables us to attract some of the most talented individuals in our industry and consistently set new benchmarks for excellence. We are constantly focused on our teams their success, their structure, and how best to support them given their particular needs and projects. 49% of our full-time employees are located in North America, 34% in Europe, and 17% in the Asia-Pacific region; 78% of our full-time employees are focused on product development. While some of our teams are now working from the office full time, many of our colleagues are working in hybrid work environments, with some flexibility to work remotely on various days. We believe this structure maintains strong productivity, and collaboration, cultivates a strong internal culture, and is also beneficial for talent retention. Our approach to the workplace presents challenges, as well as opportunities, for managing teams and supporting employees. We continue to support our workforce through ongoing and new initiatives, including enhanced manager training to strengthen team cohesion across various work models, encouragement of healthy work habits, active engagement with employee feedback, and a continued focus on mental health awareness. By empowering our teams to embrace an entrepreneurial mindset and to take calculated risks, we foster an environment where our people can thrive. We believe that we deploy best-in-class recruiting practices to attract new talent, and we encourage our people to pursue satisfying, long-term career opportunities with us by providing competitive compensation benefits and well-being programs and by offering numerous learning and development programs to encourage career growth and progression. Sustainability. We recognize the synergies between corporate citizenship and smart business and are committed to focusing on, and measuring the impact of, our sustainability activities, which are rooted in our core tenets of creativity, innovation, and efficiency. We believe sustainability creates value for all stakeholders, including employees and customers, while also helping to mitigate risks, reduce costs, protect brand value, and identify market opportunities. We have an organization-wide Sustainability Committee, overseen by the Board of Directors (the "Board"), to lead our sustainability efforts. Through this committee, we developed a comprehensive, Sustainability Framework that reflects our top priority issues and stakeholder needs. 6 Community Engagement. We firmly believe that diversity of thought drives the innovation that is integral to our success. We strive to provide an inclusive workplace in which everyone feels respected, heard, and safe. Our culture, grounded in compassion, collaboration, and a commitment to excellence, supports an inclusive and welcoming environment for prospective employees and the broader community. Talent Assessment Development and Employee Experience. We are committed to internal growth opportunities and career development tracks. We recognize the importance of our employees staying current in an ever-changing industry. Our global Learning Development team curates a wide variety of training materials and programs targeting both hard skills development and career progression as well as programs in leadership development and employee round tables. Our compliance training program seeks to ensure that our employees recognize and report any signs of harassment, discrimination, retaliation, or other inappropriate behaviors in the workplace and that they understand and abide by our Code of Business Conduct and other internal policies. Our learning and development programs are designed to be closely aligned with our performance management process and succession planning. Our formalized performance management process provides the platform for evaluating each individual employee s contributions to the team and our success, with a focus on regular communication and transparency. We work hard to ensure that development opportunities are individually tailored and that all decisions regarding hiring, career progression, and compensation are based on qualifications, work ethic, and job performance. Beyond formal performance management, we stay connected with our teams throughout the year with global town hall meetings and engagement and "pulse" surveys. The feedback generated through these tools helps to ensure we are providing a supportive, dynamic, and stimulating work environment for all of our employees. These efforts and more contributed to Take-Two being named one of Forbes' Best Mid-Size Employers list for four of the last six years and certified as a Great Place to Work by Fortune every year from 2020 through 2025 (including in the U.K. in 2025). Compensation and Benefits. The main objectives of our compensation and benefit programs are to attract, retain, motivate, and reward our employees, who operate in a highly competitive and technologically challenging environment. We offer competitive compensation packages designed to incentivize high individual and company performance. We regularly review our compensation and benefits packages from both an internal and external standpoint to ensure competitiveness, including through industry benchmarking analysis. We seek to link compensation (including annual changes in compensation) to our overall and business unit performance, as well as each individual s contribution to the results achieved. The emphasis on our overall performance is intended to align our employees financial interests with the interests of our shareholders. In addition to awarding Restricted Stock Units to employees at certain levels, we also offer an Employee Stock Purchase Plan to further align the interests of our employees with our shareholders. We also provide a comprehensive benefits package that includes traditional offerings, such as medical, dental vision, retirement, disability, accident and life insurance, prescription drugs, and leaves, and also includes programs such as fitness reimbursement, mental health benefits, mental health awareness training for Human Resources personnel and managers throughout the Company, and charitable giving with a company match. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. Because of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other factors affecting our operating results and financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance and our business and financial performance could be harmed and the market value of our securities could decline. These risks are not presented in order of importance or probability of occurrence. Summary of Risk Factors Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to: Risks relating to our business and industry Our industry is highly competitive Uncertainty of achieving market acceptance, delays or disruptions for our products may have an adverse effect We face development risks and must adapt to changes in software technologies The development and use of artificial intelligence ("AI") into our products may present operational and reputational risks Increased use of mobile devices for gaming will drive future growth of mobile gaming Increased competition for retailer support could increase expenses Our ability to develop successful products for current video game platforms 7 We require approval of hardware licensors to publish titles Reliance on complex information technology systems and networks and potential adverse impact of security breaches Potential adverse impact of inadequate consumer data protection Dependence on key management and product development personnel Attracting, managing, and retaining our talent is critical to our success Offensive consumer-created content can harm our results of operations or reputation We rely on software development arrangements with third parties The risk of distributors, development, and licensing partners or other third parties being unable to honor their commitments or otherwise putting our brand at risk Increasing importance of digital sales and free-to-play games exposes us to the risks of that business model We must compete for advertisements and offers that are incorporated into our free-to-play games Our acquisitions and investments may not have the anticipated results International operations risks The loss of server capacity, lack of sufficient bandwidth, or connectivity issues could cause our business to suffer Use of open-source software exposes us to risks Our software is susceptible to errors The continued ability to acquire and maintain license to intellectual property is key We may experience declines or fluctuations in the recurring portion of our business We are dependent on the timing of our product releases We are dependent on the future success of our Grand Theft Auto products and other hit titles Adverse effects of price protection and returns A limited number of customers account for a significant portion of our sales Content policies could negatively affect sales ESRB ratings for our products could negatively affect our ability to distribute and sell The competitive position and value of our products could be adversely affected by unprotected intellectual property The value of our virtual items is highly dependent on how we manage the economies in our games There is potential for unauthorized or fraudulent transactions of accounts and virtual items outside of our games We have a significant amount of outstanding debt Risks related to legal or regulatory compliance Government regulation of the Internet can affect our business Legislation could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business Failure to comply with laws and regulations, including data privacy, could harm our business Adverse effect of alleged or actual infringement on the intellectual property rights of third parties Risks related to financial and economic condition Provisions in our charter documents and debt agreements may impede or discourage a takeover Adverse effects of changes in tax rates and additional tax liabilities We are subject to risks and uncertainties of international trade, including foreign currency fluctuations Potential adverse effects of existing or future accounting standards Adverse effects of declines in consumer spending and changes in the economy General Risk Factors Additional issuances or sales of equity securities by us would dilute the ownership of our existing stockholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock We are subject to risks related to corporate and social responsibility and reputation Catastrophic events and climate change may have a long-term impact on our business We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation We are and may become involved in legal proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes Risks relating to our business and industry The interactive entertainment software industry is highly competitive. We compete for both licenses to properties and the sale of interactive entertainment software with Sony and Microsoft, each of which is a large developer and marketer of software for its own platforms. We also compete with game publishers, such as Electronic Arts Inc., Embracer Group AB, Microsoft, Nintendo, Playrix, Playtika, Savvy Games, Sony, Tencent, and Ubisoft Entertainment S.A. We also face competition from online game developers and distributors who have primarily focused on 8 specific international markets and with high-profile companies with significant online presences with new and expanded mobile gaming offerings, such as Apple, Google, and Microsoft. In addition, the gaming, technology/Internet, and entertainment industries have converged in recent years and larger, well-funded technology companies are pursuing and strengthening their interactive entertainment capabilities. As our business is dependent upon our ability to develop hit titles, which require increasing budgets for development and marketing, the availability of significant financial resources has become a major competitive factor in developing and marketing software games. Some of our competitors have greater financial, technical, personnel, and other resources than we do and are able to finance larger budgets for development and marketing, make higher offers to licensors and developers for commercially desirable properties, adopt more aggressive pricing policies to develop more commercially successful video game products than we do, recruit our key creative and technical talent or otherwise disrupt our operations. Internationally, local competitors may have a greater brand recognition than us in their local country and a stronger understanding of local culture and commerce. They may also offer their products and services in local languages we do not offer. Additionally, competitors may develop content that imitates or competes with our best-selling games, potentially reducing our sales or our ability to charge the same prices we have historically charged for our products. These competing products may take a larger share of consumer spending than anticipated, which could cause our product sales to fall below expectations. Our titles also compete with other forms of entertainment, such as social media, in addition to motion pictures, television, short-form video, and audio and video products featuring similar themes, online computer programs and other entertainment, which may be less expensive or provide other advantages to consumers. A number of software publishers who compete with us have developed and commercialized or are currently developing online and mobile games. Technological advances that significantly increase the availability of online and mobile games could result in a decline in our platform-based software sales and negatively affect sales of such products. Other large companies that to date have not actively focused on mobile and social games may decide to develop mobile and social games or partner with other developers. Some of these current and potential competitors have significant resources for developing or acquiring additional games, may be able to incorporate their own strong brands and assets into their games, have a more diversified set of revenue sources than we do and may be less severely affected by changes in consumer preferences, regulations or other developments that may impact our industry. As there are relatively low barriers to entry to develop a mobile or online game, we expect new game competitors to enter the market and existing competitors to allocate more resources to develop and market competing games and applications. We also compete or will compete with a vast number of small companies and individuals who are able to create and launch games and other content for devices and platforms using relatively limited resources and with relatively limited start-up time or expertise. The proliferation of titles in these open developer channels makes it difficult for us to differentiate ourselves from other developers and to compete for players without substantially increasing our marketing expenses and development costs. Increasing competition could result in loss of players, increasing player acquisition and retention costs, and loss of talent, all of which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, current and future competitors may also make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with others, including our current or future business partners or third-party software providers. By doing so, these competitors may increase their scale, their ability to meet the needs of existing or prospective players and compete for similar human capital. If we are unable to compete effectively, successfully and at a reasonable cost against our existing and future competitors, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition would be adversely impacted. Additionally, we compete with other forms of entertainment and leisure activities. While we monitor general market conditions, significant shifts in consumer demand that could materially alter public preferences for different forms of entertainment and leisure activities are difficult to predict. Failure to adequately identify and adapt to these competitive pressures could have a negative impact on our business. The inability of our products to achieve significant market acceptance, the failure to retain existing players, delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of our products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. New products may not achieve significant market acceptance, generate sufficient sales, or be introduced in a timely manner to permit us to recover development, manufacturing and marketing costs associated with these products. These products or enhancements may not be well-received by consumers, even if well-reviewed and of high quality. The life cycle of a console or PC title generally involves a relatively high level of sales during the first few months after introduction followed by a rapid decline in sales. Because sales associated with an initial product launch on console or PC generally constitute a high percentage of the total sales associated with the life of a product, delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of one or more new products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results and therefore cause our operating results to be materially different from our expectations. 9 In addition, to retain players, we must devote significant resources so that players stay engaged, which could also result in attracting them to our other games. We might not succeed in our efforts to increase monetization rates, particularly if we are unable to retain our paying players. If we fail to grow or sustain the number of our paying players, if the rates at which we attract and retain paying players declines (whether due to financial hardship as a result of an economic downturn or for any other reason), or if the average amount our players pay declines, our financial results could be negatively affected. We are subject to product development risks which could result in delays and additional costs, and we must adapt to changes in software technologies. We depend on our internal development studios and third-party software developers to develop new interactive entertainment software within anticipated release schedules and cost projections. The development cycle for new titles generally ranges from 12 months or less for most mobile titles and annual console/PC sports releases, to multiple years for certain of our top-selling titles. Therefore, our development costs can be substantial. If we or our third-party developers experience unanticipated development delays, financial difficulties, or additional costs, for example, as a result of unforeseen circumstances, we may not be able to release titles according to our schedule and at budgeted costs. There can be no assurance that our products will be sufficiently successful so that we can recoup these costs or make a profit on these products. For our products with live services, we are required to support continued development. There can be no assurance that these continued efforts will generate sufficient revenue to offset these costs. Additionally, in order to stay competitive, our internal development studios must anticipate and adapt to rapid technological changes affecting software development, such as cloud-based game streaming, and evolving business models, such as free-to-play and subscription-based access to a portfolio of interactive content. Rapid changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, the ways in which our products and services will be competitive in the market. We have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business and marketing strategies, technologies, distribution methods, products, and services. However, forecasting the financial impact of any such strategic investment is inherently uncertain and volatile. Supporting a new technology or business model, for example, may require partnering with a new platform, business, or technology partner, which may be on terms that are less favorable to us than those for traditional technologies or business models. There can be no assurance that these strategic investments will achieve expected returns. Any inability to respond to technological advances and implement new technologies could render our products obsolete or less marketable. Further, the failure to pursue the development of new technology, platforms, or business models that obtain meaningful commercial success in a timely manner may negatively affect our business, resulting in increased production or development costs and more strenuous competition. Our reputation and brand could also be adversely affected. We also may miss opportunities or fail to respond quickly enough to adopt technology or distribution methods or develop products, services, or new ways to engage with our games that become popular with consumers, which could adversely affect our financial results. In either case, our products and services may be technologically inferior to those of our competitors, less appealing to consumers, or both. The development and use of artificial intelligence ( AI ) into our products may present operational and reputational risks. The growth of AI technologies in our industry has influenced game production for developers and gaming experience for players. The use of this new and emerging technology, which is in its early stages of wider-spread commercial use, presents social and ethical issues that may result in legal and reputational harm and liability. Any integration of any AI technologies into our products or services may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, confidentiality or security risks, ethical concerns, negative user perceptions as to automation and AI, or other complications that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. Uncertainty around new and emerging AI technologies, such as generative AI, may require additional investment in the development of appropriate protections and safeguards for handling the use of data with AI technologies, which may be costly and could increase our expenses. Further, intellectual property ownership surrounding AI technologies has not been fully addressed by U.S. courts or other federal or state laws or regulations, and the use or adoption of third-party AI technologies into our products and services may result in exposure to claims of copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation. While the impact of AI on our industry is still emerging and uncertain, to the extent our competitors successfully implement AI technologies into their products or services and we fail to adopt AI technologies effectively or experience delays in integrating these technologies into our operations, we may face significant risks to our competitive position, financial performance, and long-term growth prospects. If the use of mobile devices as game platforms and the proliferation of mobile devices generally do not increase, our business could be adversely affected. Following our acquisition of Zynga, an increased percentage of our operations consists of mobile gaming. The number of people using mobile Internet-enabled devices has increased dramatically over time, and we expect that this trend will continue. However, the mobile market, particularly the market for mobile games, may not grow in the way we anticipate. Our 10 future success is substantially dependent upon the continued growth of the market for mobile games. In addition, we do not currently offer our games on all mobile devices. If the mobile devices on which our games are available decline in popularity or become obsolete faster than anticipated, we could experience a decline in revenue and may not achieve the anticipated return on our development efforts. Any such declines in the growth of the mobile market or in the use of mobile devices for games could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. Increased competition for limited shelf space and promotional support from retailers could affect the success of our business and require us to incur greater expenses to market our titles. While digital sales are increasingly important to our business, for physical sales, retailers have limited shelf space and promotional resources. Competition is intense among newly introduced interactive entertainment software titles for adequate levels of shelf space and promotional support, with most and highest quality shelf space devoted to those products expected to be best sellers. We cannot be certain that our new products will consistently achieve bestseller status. Competition for retail shelf space is expected to continue to increase, which may require us to increase our marketing expenditures to maintain desirable sales levels of our titles. Competitors with more extensive lines and more popular titles may have greater bargaining power with retailers. Accordingly, we may not be able, or we may have to pay more than our competitors, to achieve similar levels of promotional support and shelf space. Similarly, as digital sales increase in importance to our business, there is increasing competition for premium placements of products on websites. Such placement is subject to many risks similar to the physical shelf space risks discussed above. Our business is subject to our ability to develop commercially successful products for the current video game platforms. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the sale of products made for video game platforms manufactured by third parties, such as Sony's PlayStation consoles and Microsoft's Xbox consoles, which comprised 37.3% of our net revenue by product platform for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. The success of our business is subject to the continued popularity of these platforms and our ability to develop commercially successful products for these platforms. We also rely on the availability of an adequate supply of these video game consoles (which sometimes has been negatively affected by supply chain issues, and which could be affected by an increase in tariffs on component parts) and the continued support for these consoles by their manufacturers, including our ability to reach consumers via the online networks operated by these console manufacturers. If the consoles for which we develop new software products or modify existing products do not attain significant consumer acceptance, we may not be able to recover our development costs, which could be significant and may further incur expense to adjust our products and development efforts in response to changing consumer preferences. Historically, when next generation consoles are announced or introduced into the market, consumers have typically reduced their purchases of products for prior-generation consoles in anticipation of purchasing a next-generation console and products for that console. During these periods, sales of the products we publish may decline until new platforms achieve wide consumer acceptance. Console transitions may have a comparable impact on sales of downloadable content, amplifying the impact on our revenues. This decline may not be offset by increased sales of products for the next-generation consoles. In addition, as console hardware moves through its life cycle, hardware manufacturers typically enact price reductions, and decreasing prices may put downward pressure on software prices. During console transitions, we may simultaneously incur costs both in continuing to develop and market new titles for prior-generation video game platforms, which may not sell at premium prices, and also in developing products for next-generation platforms, which may not generate immediate or near-term revenues. As a result, our business and operating results may be more volatile and difficult to predict during console transitions than during other times. Additionally, we derive a significant portion of our revenue from distribution of our games on the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, and the virtual items we sell in our games are purchased using the payment processing systems of these platform providers. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we derived 92.9% of our mobile revenue on Apple and Google platforms. We are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of third-party platforms, which govern the promotion, distribution, content and operation generally of games on the platform. Each platform provider has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other developers, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. A platform provider may also change its fee structure, add fees associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how we are able to advertise on the platform, change how the personal information of its users is made available to application developers on the platform, limit the use of personal information for advertising purposes, or restrict how players can share information with their friends on the platform or across platforms. For example, in April 2021, Apple began requiring developers to get explicit permission from users, on an app-by-app basis, to use the identifier-for-advertisers, a device identifier assigned by Apple to each of its devices and used by advertisers to attribute app installs to advertising campaigns, target users through user acquisition, and deliver targeted ads. These requirements are known as Apple's AppTracking Transparency framework and have been maintained in subsequent versions of Apple iOS. Additionally, in February 2022, Google announced plans to make privacy-focused changes to its Android advertising identifiers after a two-year process, taking into account feedback from developers, regulators and other interested parties. Also, beginning January 2024, Google began requiring 11 publishers and developers using certain Google advertising products to serve ads in the U.K. or European Union ("E.U.") to use a Google certified consent management platform. We continue to evaluate how these rules or changes may affect our business, operations and financial results. In addition, third-party platforms also impose certain file size limitations, which may limit the ability of players to download some of our larger games in over-the-air updates. Aside from these over-the-air file size limitations, a larger game file size could cause players to delete our games once the file size grows beyond the capacity of their devices storage limitations or could reduce the number of downloads of these games. Such changes of terms of use with third-party platforms may decrease the visibility or availability of our games, limit our distribution capabilities, prevent access to our existing games, reduce the amount of revenue and bookings we may recognize from in-game purchases, increase our costs to operate on these platforms or result in the exclusion or limitation of our games on such platforms. Any such changes could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, if we violate, or a platform provider believes we have violated, its terms of service (or if there is any change or deterioration in our relationship with these platform providers), that platform provider could limit or discontinue our access to the platform. A platform provider could also limit or discontinue our access to the platform if it establishes more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors or it determines that we are a competitor. Any limit or discontinuation of our access to any platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, obtaining and maintaining high ratings of our games on the third-party platforms on which we operate are important as they help drive players to find our games. If the ratings of any of our games decline or if we receive significant negative reviews that result in a decrease in our ratings, our games could be more difficult for players to find or recommend. In addition, we may be subject to negative review campaigns or defamation campaigns intended to harm our ratings. Any such decline may lead to loss of players and revenues, additional advertising and marketing costs, and reputation harm. We also rely on the continued popularity, customer adoption, and functionality of third-party platforms. In the past, some of these platform providers have been unavailable for short periods of time or experienced issues with their in-app purchasing functionality. If either of these events recurs on a prolonged, or even short-term, basis or other similar issues arise that impact players ability to access our games, access social features or purchase a license to virtual items, our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation may be harmed. We cannot publish our titles without the approval of hardware licensors that are also our competitors, and we rely on a limited number of channel partners, some of whom influence the fee structures for online distribution of our games on their platforms. We are required to obtain licenses from certain of our competitors, including Sony and Microsoft, to develop and publish titles for their respective hardware platforms. Our existing platform licenses require that we obtain approval for the publication of new titles on a title-by-title basis. As a result, the number of titles we are able to publish for these hardware platforms, our ability to manage the timing of the release of these titles, and, accordingly, our net revenue from titles for these hardware platforms, may be limited. If a licensor chooses not to renew or extend our license agreement at the end of its current term, or if a licensor were to terminate our license for any reason or does not approve one or more of our titles, we may be unable to publish that title as well as additional titles for that licensor's platform. During or following a console transition, like the one that occurred in 2020, hardware platform manufacturers may seek to change the terms governing our relationships with them. Termination of any such agreements or disapproval of titles could seriously hurt our business and prospects. We may be unable to continue to enter into license agreements for certain current generation platforms on satisfactory terms or at all. Failure to enter into any such agreement could also seriously hurt our business. In addition, because our products compete with a vast array of other interactive entertainment software products that also are available on these hardware platforms, a hardware platform manufacturer may give priority to those competing products. In addition, platform providers, such as Sony and Microsoft, control the networks over which consumers purchase digital products and services for their platforms and through which we provide online game capabilities for our products. The control that these platform providers have over consumer access to our games, the fee structures and/or retail pricing for products and services for their platforms and online networks and the terms and conditions under which we do business with them could impact the availability of our products or the volume of purchases of our products made over their networks and our profitability. The networks provided by these platform providers are the exclusive means of selling and distributing our content on these platforms. If the platform provider establishes terms that restrict our offerings on its platform, significantly alters the financial terms on which these products or services are offered, or does not approve the inclusion of content on its platform, our business could be negatively impacted. Increased competition for digital shelf space has put channel partners in more favorable bargaining positions in relation to such terms of distribution. 12 We also derive significant revenues from distribution on third party mobile and web platforms, such as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook, which are also our direct competitors and, in some cases, the exclusive means through which our content reaches gamers on those platforms, and most of the virtual currency we sell is purchased using these platform providers payment processing systems. Because of the significant use of our games on mobile devices, our application must remain interoperable with these and other popular mobile app stores and platforms, and related hardware. We are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of these platforms. These policies and terms of service govern the availability, promotion, distribution, content, and operation of applications and experiences on such platforms. Each provider of these platforms has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and policies with respect to our games and those changes may be unfavorable to us. If these platforms deny access to our games, or modify their current discovery mechanisms, communication channels available to developers, operating systems, or other policies and terms of service (including fees), our business could be negatively impacted. For example, at any time, the platform providers can change their policies on how we operate on their operating system or in their application stores by applying content moderation for applications and advertising or imposing technical or code requirements. These actions by the platform providers may affect our ability to collect, process, and use data as desired and could negatively impact our ability to leverage data about the experiences our games provide to players, which in turn could impact our resource planning and feature development planning for our products. These platform providers or their services may be unavailable, may not function as intended, or may experience issues with their in app purchasing functionality. Some of these platforms have retained the right to change the fee structures for online distribution of both paid content and free content (including patches and corrections), and their ability to set or influence royalty rates may increase costs, which could negatively affect our operating margins. Further, if we are unable to distribute our content in a cost-effective or profitable manner through such distribution channels, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. There is no guarantee that new devices, platforms, systems and software application stores will continue to support our games or that we will be able to maintain the same level of service on these new systems. If it becomes more difficult for our players to access and engage with our games, our business and player retention, growth, and engagement could be significantly harmed. We rely on complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business. Any significant system or network disruption or cyberattack could have a negative impact on our business. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within Take-Two and some of which are managed or hosted by third-party providers. The supply chain of hardware needed to maintain this technological infrastructure has been disrupted and geopolitical events, including the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war and any indirect effects may further complicate existing supply chain constraints. All information technology systems and networks are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to cyberattacks, computer viruses, malicious software, security breaches, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication or other critical infrastructure failures. We securely store the source code for our interactive entertainment software products as it is created. A breach, whether physical, electronic, or otherwise, of the systems on which such source code and other sensitive data are stored could lead to damage or piracy of our software. In addition, certain parties with whom we do business are given access to our sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support our team. These third parties may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. A data intrusion into a server for a game with online features or for our proprietary online gaming service could also disrupt the operation of such game or platform. Further, the risk of such a breach may be heightened by world events, such as the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war. If we or these third parties are subject to data security breaches, we may have a loss in sales or increased costs arising from the restoration or implementation of additional security measures which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Any theft and/or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information because of such an event could adversely affect our competitive position, reputation, brand, and future sales of our products. Our business could be subject to significant disruption, and we could suffer monetary and other losses and reputational harm, in the event of such incidents and claims. We have faced, and in the future could face, sophisticated attacks, including attacks referred to as advanced persistent threats, which are cyberattacks aimed at compromising our intellectual property and other commercially sensitive information, such as the source code and game assets for our software or confidential customer or employee information, which remain undetected for prolonged periods of time. In September 2022, we experienced a network intrusion in which an unauthorized third party illegally accessed and downloaded confidential information from Rockstar Games systems, including early development footage for the next Grand Theft Auto. Subsequently, also in September 2022, an unauthorized third party illegally accessed credentials for a vendor platform that 2K Games uses to provide help desk support to its customers. The unauthorized third party sent a communication to certain players containing a malicious link. 2K Games immediately notified all affected users and took steps to restrict further unauthorized activity until service was restored. In connection with this activity (the Cybersecurity Incident ), we have incurred certain immaterial incremental one-time costs related to consultants, experts and data recovery efforts and expect to incur additional costs related to cybersecurity protections in the future. We have 13 implemented and will continue to implement a variety of measures to enhance further our cybersecurity protections. See Part II, Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Cybersecurity Incident in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 for further discussion. Our software supply chain may also be subject to attacks, which may result in future security incidents and breaches. Information technology system disruptions, network failures, or security breaches (including the Cybersecurity Incident and similar incidents) have negatively affected, and in the future could negatively affect our business continuity, operations, financial results, and the reliability and stability of our products and services. These risks extend to the networks and e-commerce sites of console platform providers and other partners who sell or host our content online. The risk of such threats is heightened by events outside of our control, such as the extended period of remote work arrangements, the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war. The risk could also be affected by events substantially within our control, such as the migration of data among data centers and to third-party hosted environments, and the performance of upgrades and maintenance on our systems. Along with our partners, we have expended, and expect to continue to expend, financial and operational resources to implement certain systems, processes, and technologies to guard against cyber risks and to help protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used to exploit, disable, damage, disrupt or gain access to our networks, our products and services, supporting technological infrastructure, intellectual property and other assets change frequently, continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and may not be detected for long periods of time. Our systems, processes and technologies, and the systems, processes and technologies of our business partners or our third-party service providers, have not been and in the future may not be adequate against all eventualities. We do not have redundancy for all our systems and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all outcomes. As our digital business grows, we will require an increasing amount of internal and external technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power to continue to satisfy the needs of our players. It is possible that we may fail to scale effectively and grow this technical infrastructure to accommodate increased demands, which may adversely affect the reliable and stable performance of our games and services, therefore negatively impacting our business . In addition, the costs to respond to, mitigate, or notify affected parties of cyberattacks and other security vulnerabilities are significant. Failures to prevent or mitigate security breaches or cyber risks, or detect or respond adequately to a security breach or cyber risk, could result in a loss of anticipated revenue, interruptions to our products and services, our having to incur significant remediation and notification costs, a degradation of the user experience, causing consumers to lose confidence in our products and services, and thereby harming our reputation, prompting regulatory inquiries and significant legal and financial costs. Additionally, applicable insurance policies may be insufficient to reimburse us for all such losses, and it is uncertain whether we will be able to maintain the current level of insurance coverage in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Successful exploitation of any vulnerabilities in our systems can have other negative effects upon the products, services and user experience we offer. In particular, the virtual economies that we have established in many of our games are subject to abuse, exploitation and other forms of fraudulent activity that can negatively affect our business. Virtual economies involve the use of virtual currency or virtual assets that can be used or redeemed by a player within a particular game or service. Although we have implemented and continue to develop programs reasonably designed to prevent such negative impacts, the abuse or exploitation of our virtual economies can include the illegitimate generation and sale of accounts and/or virtual items in black markets. These kinds of activities and the steps that we take to address and prevent these issues may result in a loss of anticipated revenue, interfere with players enjoyment of a balanced game environment and cause reputational harm. Our business could be adversely affected if our consumer data protection measures are not seen as adequate or there are breaches of our security measures or unintended disclosures of consumer data. We collect and store consumer information, including personal information. We take measures to protect the consumer information we hold from unauthorized access or disclosure. It is possible that our security controls over consumer information may not prevent the improper access to, use of, or disclosure of personal information. In addition, due to the high-profile nature of our products, we may draw a disproportionately higher amount of attention and attempts to breach our security controls than companies with lower profile products. A security incident, such as the Cybersecurity Incident, that leads to disclosure of consumer information (including personal information) could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with disparate breach notification laws in various locations and otherwise subject us to liability under laws that protect personal information, any of which could result in increased costs or loss of revenue. A resulting perception that our products or services do not adequately protect personal information could result in a loss of current or potential consumers and business partners. In addition, if any of our business partners experience a security incident that leads to disclosure of consumer information, our reputation could be harmed, resulting in loss of revenue. In addition, certain of our products include online functionality. The ability of our products to enable this functionality, and our ability to offer content through a video game platform's digital distribution channel, is dependent upon the continued operation and security of such platform's online network. These third-party networks, as well as our own internal systems and 14 websites, and the related security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our customers' information or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Compounding these risks, as artificial intelligence capabilities develop rapidly, individuals or groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, may use these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted, coordinated, and more difficult to defend against. Further, the risk of such a breach may be heightened by world events, such as the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war. If an actual or perceived breach of our safeguards occurs, we may lose business, suffer irreparable damage to our reputation, and/or incur significant costs and expenses relating to the investigation and possible litigation of claims relating to such event. We depend on our key management and product development personnel. Our continued success will depend to a significant extent on our senior management team and our relationship with ZMC Advisors, L.P. ("ZMC"). Our Executive Chairman/Chief Executive Officer and President are partners of ZMC. We are also highly dependent on the expertise, skills and knowledge of our key creative personnel responsible for content creation and development, such as of our Grand Theft Auto and other hit titles. We may not be able to continue to retain these personnel at current compensation levels or at all. Our industry is generally characterized by a high level of employee mobility, competitive compensation programs, and aggressive recruiting among competitors for employees with technical, marketing, sales, engineering, product development, creative, and/or management skills. The loss of the services of our executive officers, ZMC, or certain key creative personnel could significantly harm our business. In addition, if one or more key employees were to join a competitor or form a competing company, we may lose additional personnel, experience material interruptions in product development, delays in bringing products to market and difficulties in our relationships with licensors, suppliers and customers, which would significantly harm our business. Failure to continue to attract and retain qualified management and creative personnel could adversely affect our business and prospects. Attracting, managing and retaining our talent is critical to our success. Our business depends on our ability to attract, train, motivate, and retain executive, technical, creative, marketing, and other personnel that are essential to the development, marketing, and support of our products and services. The market for highly-skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive, particularly in the geographic locations in which many of our key personnel are located. In addition, our leading position within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting our executives, as well as key creative and technical talent. If we cannot successfully recruit, train, motivate, attract, and retain qualified employees, develop and maintain a healthy culture, or replace key employees following their departure, our reputation, brand, and culture may be negatively affected and our business will be impaired. Our global workforce is primarily non-unionized, but we are aware of an increase in the industry of workers exercising their right to form or join a union. If significant employee populations were to unionize, we could experience operational changes that may materially impact our business. Our results of operations or reputation may be harmed as a result of offensive or potentially dangerous consumer-created content. We are subject to risks associated with the collaborative online features in our games which allow consumers to post narrative comments, in real time, that are visible to other consumers. From time to time, objectionable and offensive or potentially dangerous consumer content may be posted to a gaming or other site with online chat features or game forums which allow consumers to post comments. We have been and may be subject to lawsuits, governmental inquiries and regulation or restrictions, and consumer backlash (including decreased sales and harmed reputation), as a result of consumers posting offensive content. We may also be subject to consumer backlash from comments made in response to postings we make on social media sites such as Facebook, YouTube and X. If we fail to appropriately respond to the dissemination of such content, our players may not engage with our products and services and/or may lose confidence in our brands, and our financial results may be adversely affected. Our business is partly dependent on our ability to enter into successful software development arrangements with third parties. Our success depends on our ability to continually identify and develop new titles timely. We rely on third-party software developers for the development of some of our titles. Quality third-party developers are continually in high demand, and those who have developed titles for us in the past may not be available to develop software for us in the future. Due to the limited availability of third-party software developers and the limited control that we exercise over them, these developers may not be able to complete titles for us on a timely basis or within acceptable quality standards, if at all. We have entered into 15 agreements with third parties to acquire the rights to publish and distribute interactive entertainment software as well as to use licensed intellectual properties in our titles. These agreements typically require us to make development payments, pay royalties, and satisfy other conditions. Our development payments may not be sufficient to permit developers to develop new software successfully, which could result in material delays and significant increases in our costs to bring particular products to market. Software development costs, promotion and marketing expenses and royalties payable to software developers and third-party licensors have continued to increase and reduce potential profits derived from sales of our software. Future sales of our titles may not be sufficient to recover development payments and advances to software developers and licensors, and we may not have adequate financial and other resources to satisfy our contractual commitments to such developers. If we fail to satisfy our obligations under agreements with third-party developers and licensors, the agreements may be terminated or modified in ways that are burdensome to us and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, disputes occasionally arise with external developers, including with respect to game content, launch timing, achievement of certain milestones, the game development timeline, marketing campaigns, contractual terms, and interpretation. If we have disputes with external developers or they cannot meet product development schedules, acquire certain approvals or are otherwise unable or unwilling to honor their obligations to us, we may delay or cancel previously announced games, alter our launch schedule or experience increased costs and expenses, which could result in a delay or significant shortfall in anticipated revenue, harm our profitability and reputation, and cause our financial results to be materially affected. Our business may be harmed if our distributors, retailers, development, and licensing partners, or other third parties with whom we do business are unable to honor their commitments or act in ways that put our brand at risk. In many cases, our business partners are given access to sensitive and proprietary information or control over our intellectual property to provide services and support to our team. These third parties may misappropriate or misuse our information or intellectual property and engage in unauthorized use of it. Further, the failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies or to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies could result in a disruption to our business operations or an adverse effect on our reputation and may negatively impact our business. At the same time, if the media, consumers, or employees raise any concerns about our actions with respect to third parties including consumers who play our games, this could also damage our reputation or our business. Further, should we terminate our relationship with a third-party business partner for any reason, we may experience interruptions in our business and incur costs as we transition to a new partner. The increasing importance of digital sales and free-to-play games to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model, including greater competition. The proportion of our revenues derived from digital content delivery, as compared to traditional retail sales, has increased significantly in recent years. The increased importance of digital content delivery in our industry, including through subscription-based access to a portfolio of interactive content, increases our potential competition, as the minimum capital needed to produce and publish a digitally delivered game is significantly less than that needed to produce and publish one that is delivered through retail distribution. This shift also requires us to dedicate capital to developing and implementing alternative marketing strategies, which may not be successful. If either occurs, we may be unable to effectively market and distribute our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, a continuing shift to digital delivery could result in a deprioritization of our products by traditional retailers. Also, while digitally distributed products generally have higher profit margins than retail sales, as business shifts to digital distribution, the volume of orders from retailers for physical discs has been, and is expected to be, reduced. We are also increasingly dependent on our ability to develop, enhance, and monetize free to play games . As such, we are increasingly exposed to the risks of the free to play business model. For example, we may invest in the development of new free to play interactive entertainment products that do not achieve significant commercial success, in which case our revenues from those products likely will be lower than anticipated and we may not recover our development costs. Further, our business may be negatively impacted if: (i) we are unable to encourage new and existing consumers to purchase our virtual items, (ii) we fail to offer monetization features that appeal to these consumers, (iii) our platform providers make it more difficult or expensive for players to purchase our virtual items, (iv) we cannot encourage significant additional consumers to purchase virtual items in our game, or (v) our free-to-play releases reduce sales of our other games. Successfully monetizing free-to-play games is difficult and requires that we deliver valuable and entertaining player experiences that a sufficient number of players will pay for or that we are able to otherwise sufficiently monetize our games (for example, by serving in-game advertising). The success of our games depends, in part, on unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control including consumer preferences, competing games, new mobile platforms and the availability of other entertainment experiences. If our games do not meet consumer expectations, or if they are not brought to market in a timely and effective manner, our revenue and financial performance will be negatively affected. 16 In addition to the market factors noted above, our ability to successfully develop games for mobile platforms and their ability to achieve commercial success will depend on our ability to: effectively market our games to existing and new players; achieve benefits from our player acquisition costs; achieve viral organic growth and gain customer interest in our games through free or more efficient channels; adapt to changing player preferences; adapt to new technologies and feature sets for mobile and other devices; expand and enhance games after their initial release; attract, retain and motivate talented and experienced game designers, product managers and engineers; partner with mobile platforms and obtain featuring opportunities; continue to adapt game feature sets for an increasingly diverse set of mobile devices, including various operating systems and specifications, limited bandwidth and varying processing power and screen sizes; minimize launch delays and cost overruns on the development of new games and features; achieve and maintain successful customer engagement and effectively monetize our games; maintain a quality social game experience and retain our players; develop games that can build upon or become franchise games; compete successfully against a large and growing number of existing market participants; accurately forecast the timing and expense of our operations, including game and feature development, marketing and customer acquisition, customer adoption and success of bookings growth; minimize and quickly resolve bugs or outages; and acquire and successfully integrate high quality mobile game assets, personnel or companies. These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we will succeed in continuing to develop successful live service games and launch new games and features in accordance with our operating plan. If we do not succeed in doing so, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation will suffer. We derive revenues from advertisements and offers that are incorporated into our free-to-play games through relationships with third parties. If we are unable to continue to compete for these advertisements and offers, or if any events occur that negatively impact our relationships with advertisers, such as adverse litigation, regulatory investigations, federal or state legislation that requires more device settings to opt-out of advertising, analytics, data sharing with third party services or other changes made by these third parties, our advertising revenues and operating results would be negatively impacted. We derive revenue from advertisements and offers we serve to players. We need to maintain good relationships with advertisers to provide us with a sufficient inventory of advertisements and offers. Online advertising, including through mobile games and other mobile applications, is an intensely competitive industry. Many large companies, such as Amazon, Facebook and Google, invest significantly in data analytics to make their websites and platforms more attractive to advertisers. For our advertising business to continue to succeed, we need to continue to demonstrate the reach of our player network and success of our advertising partners. If our relationship with any advertising partners terminates for any reason, or if the commercial terms of our relationships are changed or do not continue to be renewed on favorable terms, we would need to qualify new advertising partners, which could negatively impact our revenues, at least in the short term. Alternatively, if our advertising inventory is unavailable and demand exceeds supply, our ability to generate further revenues from advertising would be limited, particularly during peak hours and in key geographies. This could have an adverse effect on our reputation and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, if we include advertising in our games that players view as excessive, such advertising may materially detract from players gaming experiences, thereby creating player dissatisfaction, which may cause us to lose players and revenues and may negatively affect the in-game experience for players making purchases of virtual items in our games. In addition, Internet-connected devices and operating systems controlled by third parties increasingly contain features that allow device users to disable functionality that allows for the delivery of targeted advertising on their devices. Device and browser manufacturers may include or expand these features as part of their standard device specifications, and state or federal regulators may mandate more user settings to limit targeted advertising, analytics, or other data sharing with third parties. For example, Apple previously created a proprietary identifier-for-adver