=== ACGL_2026-03-24.htm.gz ===
acgl-20260324 DEF 14A FALSE 0000947484 iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0000947484 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000947484 acgl:MarcGrandissonMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000947484 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000947484 acgl:MarcGrandissonMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000947484 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000947484 acgl:MarcGrandissonMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000947484 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000947484 acgl:MarcGrandissonMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000947484 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000947484 2024-10-13 2024-12-31 0000947484 2024-01-01 2024-10-15 0000947484 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 acgl:NicolasPapadopouloMember ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000947484 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) Not Applicable (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Arch Capital Group Ltd. Waterloo House, Ground Floor 100 Pitts Bay Road Pembroke HM 08, Bermuda T: (441) 278-9250 archgroup.com March 24, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholder, You are cordially invited to attend the Arch Capital Group Ltd. 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ), which will be held on Tuesday, May 5, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. local Bermuda time (11:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time) . The Annual Meeting will be held virtually via a live webcast. The Annual Meeting can be accessed directly at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ACGL2026 . To log in to the Annual Meeting as a shareholder, a control number will be required. The control number can be found on your proxy ca rd, voting instruction form or notice of internet availability (the Notice ). Any questions for the Annual Meeting must be submitted in advance to shareholderinfo@archgroup.com by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on May 1, 2026 . The attached Notice of the Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement provide important information about the meeting and will serve as your guide to the business to be conducted at the meeting. Your vote is very important to us. We urge you to read the accompanying materials regarding the matters to be voted on at the meeting and to submit your voting instructions by proxy. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR each of the proposals 1 through 4. You may submit your proxy either over the telephone or the internet. In addition, if you have requested or received a paper copy of the proxy materials, you can vote by marking, signing, dating and returning the proxy card or voter instruction form sent to you in the envelope accompanying the proxy materials. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, Nicolas Papadopoulo Chief Executive Officer Arch Capital Group Ltd. Waterloo House, Ground Floor 100 Pitts Bay Road Pembroke HM 08, Bermuda T: (441) 278-9250 archgroup.com March 24, 2026 Fellow Shareholders, On behalf of the Board of Directors, thank you for your continued confidence in Arch Capital Group Ltd. ( Arch Capital, Arch, or the Company ). As we approach our 2026 Annual Meeting, I am pleased to share an overview of the progress made by the Company in 2025. Delivering Strong Financial Performance Overseeing Arch s ability to consistently deliver long-term value to its shareholders is the primary focus of the Board. In 2025, Arch once again demonstrated the strength of its diversified platform, its commitment to underwriting specialty lines and its ability to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns across market cycles. These principles have distinguished Arch throughout its history and once again served its shareholders well by delivering $4.4 billion of net income and $3.7 billion of after-tax operating income* in 2025. Strong operating cash flows increased our invested assets to $47.4 billion at year-end, and should provide a stable, recurring earnings stream that enhances the group s overall returns. Disciplined and Opportunistic Capital Management Arch management and the Board place great importance on effectively managing the capital entrusted to us. Together, we take a balanced approach to capital deployment focused on maximizing long-term shareholder value. In 2025, strong earnings enabled repurchases of approximately $1.9 billion worth of Arch common shares demonstrating our commitment to returning capital to shareholders when market conditions limit our ability to deploy into our underwriting operations. Continued Strategic Focus on Maximizing Shareholder Value A strong strategic plan helps ground the enterprise on priorities that will shape future success. In 2025, Arch management and the Board continued work on the initiatives that will enable Arch to achieve its strategic vision of becoming the first- choice global specialty (re)insurer. Arch emphasizes continuous improvement of our data and analytical capabilities, which generate actionable insights in each operating unit, informing our underwriting and claims decisions. In a rapidly evolving environment, strategic alignment between the Board and management helps provide focus on what matters most: building a stronger, more agile and more innovative Arch to drive success in the years ahead. Commitment to Shareholder Engagement We value open and ongoing dialogue with our shareholders. Throughout 2025, the Board and management engaged with our investors on topics including strategy execution, market conditions, risk management, human capital and our executive compensation program. These discussions generated input that has informed our governance and compensation decisions and reinforced our commitment to transparency and long-term value creation. Board Composition and Governance to Support Long-Term Success Overall, our Board s skill sets are closely aligned with our strategic priorities, and we believe our directors possess the right experience, skills and backgrounds to effectively oversee our business strategy as it evolves. Our directors bring deep experience in areas such as specialty underwriting, capital markets, investment management, international operations, risk management and technology, including artificial intelligence ( AI ). These skills are critical for overseeing a company competing across multiple underwriting cycles, industries and geographies. We remain committed to maintaining a Board and a governance structure that support Arch s strategy, align with shareholder interests, and reflect a broad mix of professional backgrounds, independence and industry knowledge. Last year, Alexander Moczarski, who brings extensive insurance industry experience, joined our Board. In addition, John Vollaro will not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. John has been a long-standing and valued member of the Board since 2009, and we are incredibly grateful for his years of service. Looking Ahead Arch enters 2026 from a position of strength: strong earnings momentum, a well-diversified global platform, disciplined underwriting and a leadership team committed to creating long-term value. Market cycles will evolve, but the Board is confident Arch s operating model and strategic principles position the Company to continue delivering superior risk- adjusted returns for its shareholders. The Board remains dedicated to fostering effective leadership and upholding rigorous governance practices. We invite you to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of shareholders and thank you for your continued support and investment in Arch Capital Group Ltd. Sincerely, John Pasquesi Chair * See Annex B Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 4 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS When: Tuesday, May 5, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. local Bermuda time (11:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time) Where: virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ACGL2026 We are pleased to invite you to the Arch Capital Group Ltd. Annual Meeting, which will be held virtually. Items of Business: 1. Elect three Class I Directors to serve for a term of three years and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified or their earlier resignation or removal ( Item 1 ); 2. Advisory vote to approve named executive officer ( NEO ) compensation ( Item 2 ); 3. Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 ( Item 3 ); 4. Elect certain individuals as Designated Company Directors of certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, as required by our bye-laws ( Item 4 ); and 5. Conduct other business if properly raised before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. You are eligible to vote if you were a shareholder of record at the close of business on March 9, 2026 . Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited Secretary Hamilton, Bermuda March 24, 2026 Voting Information Ensure that your shares are represented at the 2026 Annual Meeting by voting in one of several ways: VIA THE INTERNET at proxyvote.com. BY TELEPHONE using the toll-free telephone number 800-690-6903. BY MAIL complete your proxy card and mail it in the postage-paid envelope provided to vote. ON YOUR MOBILE DEVICE scan the QR Code located on your proxy card. Attend the virtual meeting to vote (see Annual Meeting Attendance in Annex A General Information ). Important Notice Regarding the Annual Meeting You are entitled to attend the virtual Annual Meeting only if you were a shareholder of record as of the record date for the Annual Meeting, or March 9, 2026 (the Record Date ), or you hold a valid proxy for the Annual Meeting. You may vote during the Annual Meeting using your 16-digit control number to enter the meeting. If you are not a shareholder of record but hold shares as a beneficial owner in street name, you may be required to provide proof of beneficial ownership, such as your most recent account statement as of the Record Date, a copy of the voting instruction form provided by your broker, bank, trustee, or nominee, or other similar evidence of ownership. Any questions for the Annual Meeting must be submitted in advance to shareholderinfo@archgroup.com by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on May 1, 2026 . Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting: This Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report are available at proxyvote.com . On or about March 24, 2026 , we expect to mail to our shareholders a Notice containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials, including our Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report. The Notice also will instruct you on how to access and submit your proxy through the internet, by phone or with your mobile device. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT 6 COMPENSATION (continued) PROXY SUMMARY 7 2025 Performance at a Glance 40 Item 1 Election of Directors 7 Long-Term Performance 41 Item 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 8 Executive Compensation Philosophy 43 Item 3 Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 9 Shareholder Engagement and Results of Say-on- Pay Votes 44 Item 4 Election of Subsidiary Directors 9 How We Make Compensation Decisions 45 Sustainability Practices 10 Elements of Compensation Program 47 General Information 11 2025 Compensation Decisions for Named Executive Officers 53 Learn More About Our Company 11 2026 Long-Term Incentive Awards 60 GOVERNANCE 12 Additional Compensation Policies and Practices 60 Item 1 Election of Directors 12 Tax Considerations 62 Board 12 Report of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee on the Compensation Discussion and Analysis 62 Committees of the Board 16 Executive Compensation Tables 63 Nominees 18 Pay for Performance 72 Appointed Directors, Continuing Directors and Senior Management 20 Pay Ratio 76 Director Compensation 26 Employment Arrangements 76 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 29 AUDIT MATTERS 81 SHARE OWNERSHIP 31 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board 81 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 31 Principal Auditor Fees and Services 82 Common Shares 31 Item 3 Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 83 Preferred Shares 34 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 34 SUBSIDIARY DIRECTORS 84 COMPENSATION 35 Item 4 Election of Subsidiary Directors 84 Item 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 35 Nominees 84 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 35 ANNEX A GENERAL INFORMATION A- 1 Executive Summary 36 ANNEX B NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES B- 1 Strong Link Between Pay and Performance 39 6 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ( PSLRA ) provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. This document includes forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance, and other information that is not historical information. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in or incorporated by reference into this document are forward-looking statements. Forward- looking statements, for purposes of the PSLRA or otherwise, can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as should, could, plans, projects, may, will, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe or continue and other words or statements of similar meaning or their negative version. Forward-looking statements involve our current assessment of risks and uncertainties beyond management s control. Actual events and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Important factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those indicated in such statements are discussed in our periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including in the risk factor section of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and such forward looking statements and all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 7 PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained in the Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. As used in this report, we, us, our, Arch or the Company refer to the consolidated operations of Arch Capital and its subsidiaries. For more complete information regarding the Company s 2025 performance, please review the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 ( 2025 Annual Report ). Our Board s Recommendation ITEM 1 Election of Directors (page 12 ) FOR Each Director Nominee DIRECTOR NOMINEES The Board is comprised of 12 members, divided into three classes, serving staggered three-year terms. The Board intends to present for action at the Annual Meeting the election of the following Class I directors for a term of three years and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified or their earlier resignation or removal: Nominee Name Director Since Primary Occupation and Expertise Francis Ebong 2021 n n Chief Service Experience Officer at PayPal Strong background in technology and innovation Eileen Mallesch 2021 n n Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Nationwide s Property and Casualty segment Broad finance and business strategy expertise in the insurance, telecommunications and consumer products industries Brian S. Posner 2010 n n Founder and President of Point Rider Group Strong background in strategic and financial insights BOARD COMPOSITION AND REFRESHMENT Our Board represents a broad range of rich expertise, experience and perspectives, as well as a mix of tenure of service on the Board. We undertake a robust Board succession planning and refreshment process, which is informed by feedback from our Board evaluation and designed to refresh and enhance the skills on our Board. For example, since 2021 our comprehensive refreshment process has led to the following Board composition changes of non-employee directors: 8 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 2021 2024 2025 Francis Ebong Daniel J. Houston Alexander Moczarski n Extensive operational experience and technology management skills n Extensive experience in the financial services industry n Insurance executive with an extensive background in international business Eileen Mallesch Neal Triplett n Extensive senior management and operating experience in the insurance industry n Sophisticated investment expertise and deep financial services knowledge Since 2021 and through the Annual Meeting, four non-employee directors and one employee director who served an average of 10.9 years have retired, resigned or did not stand for re-election. Our Board s Recommendation ITEM 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation (page 35 ) FOR COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (see Executive Summary ) Another Year of Outstanding Performance In 2025, we delivered another year of strong financial results and continued to execute our strategic agenda with precision. Our ability to consistently generate superior results drives shareholder value. Our Total Shareholder Return ( TSR ) performance is shown below. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 9 Aligning Executive Pay with Company Performance Our executive compensation program directly links pay to Company performance and aligns the interests of our executives with those of our shareholders, as described below and in our Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Element 2025 Financial Goal Achievement Short-Term Annual Cash Incentive n n Based on achievement of annualized net income return on average common equity ( ROE ). Superior performance relative to our demanding internal financial targets, resulted in a final payout factor of 200.0% of target for our CEO and 189.8% on average for our other NEOs. Long-Term Incentive Performance Shares n n Based on absolute growth in tangible book value per share over a three-year period, supplemented by a TSR modifier. Superior performance relative to our financial goals and results versus our peers, resulted in a final payout of 200% of the performance shares granted in February 2023 for the 2023-2025 performance period. Shareholder Engagement We remain committed to listening to our shareholders as we continually review and evaluate our compensation programs, governance and other matters. Through proactive outreach efforts led by our Investor Relations team and business leaders, we engage with our shareholders to seek their input, stay well-informed about their perspectives, and help improve their understanding of our business. Over the past year, both Board members and members of senior management have engaged in discussions with shareholders representing a significant portion of our issued and outstanding common shares. These discussions covered a broad spectrum of matters, including our executive compensation program and corporate governance, and feedback has been widely positive, with no significant concerns raised. Our Board s Recommendation ITEM 3 Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (page 83 ) FOR Our Board s Recommendation ITEM 4 Election of Designated Company Directors of Certain Non-U.S. Subsidiaries (page 84 ) FOR 10 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT SUSTAINABILITY PRACTICES Creating long-term shareholder value is our priority, and our strategy is anchored in five key impact areas (shown below) that support and sustain our business over time. We deliver thoughtful services and insurance solutions to support our clients through major losses and improve their resilience. We believe that future success depends, among other factors, on the engagement of our employees, the way we interact with customers and society, and our collective efforts to protect and advance global sustainability. Our Board regularly reviews and is responsible for our long-term business strategy and the pursuit of long-term shareholder value, working closely with management to define our strategic objectives. As part of this integrated approach, we consider material risks and opportunities that support Arch s long-term sustainability. Within our Board structure, committees including Audit, Compensation and Human Capital, Finance, Investment and Risk, Nominating and Governance, and Underwriting Oversight focus on key risks and opportunities to drive lasting success. For additional details, please refer to the Board section of this Proxy Statement and our sustainability report at archgroup.com/sustainability-governance/documents/ . No information on our website is incorporated herein by reference. Impact Areas that Drive Our Sustainability: OUR BUSINESS OUR OPERATIONS OUR INVESTING OUR PEOPLE OUR COMMUNITIES We offer services and insurance coverages that support our clients through major loss and improve their resiliency; we integrate sustainability factors into our underwriting to reduce risk and capture opportunities for stakeholder benefit. We actively manage sustainability risks and embed compliance, transparency, cybersecurity and resilience across our operations, protecting our people and customers who entrust us with their personal information and business interests. We believe incorporating certain nonfinancial sustainability factors into investment selection and risk management can potentially enhance long- term investment returns. We are committed to investing in our employees personal and professional success and creating long- term sustainable growth for our organization. We strive to make a meaningful impact by investing in our communities, a trait ingrained in Arch s core values and woven into the fabric of our corporate culture. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 11 GENERAL INFORMATION See page A- 1 Please see Annex A General Information for important information about the proxy materials, voting, the 2026 Annual Meeting, Company documents, communications and the deadlines to submit shareholder proposals and director nominees for the 2027 annual general meeting. LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR COMPANY You can learn more about the Company by visiting: n Our website archgroup.com n Proxy website proxyvote.com , which includes this Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report. 12 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT GOVERNANCE ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Board is composed of 12 members, divided into three classes, serving staggered three-year terms. The Board intends to present for action at the Annual Meeting the election of Francis Ebong, Eileen Mallesch and Brian S. Posner to serve as Class I Directors for a term of three years and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified or their earlier resignation or removal. Such nominees were recommended by the Nominating and Governance Committee for approval by the Board. Unless authority to vote for these nominees is withheld, the enclosed proxy will be voted for these nominees, except that the persons designated as proxies reserve discretion to cast their votes for other persons in the unanticipated event that any of these nominees is unable or declines to serve. After approximately 17 years of service on the Board, John D. Vollaro, a current Class I Director, will not stand for re-election following the completion of his current term. Board Leadership Structure The Board reviews the Company s leadership structure from time to time. The Board has determined that a split in the role of Chair of the Board and CEO is appropriate and in the best interests of the Company s shareholders. The Board has also determined that the role of independent lead director is not currently necessary as our Chair of the Board, Mr. Pasquesi, is independent as defined under the applicable listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ). Several factors contribute to our strong and independent Board. All directors, with the exception of Messrs. Papadopoulo and Vollaro, are independent as defined under the applicable listing standards of Nasdaq, and the Audit, Compensation and Human Capital and Nominating and Governance Committees of our Board are composed entirely of independent directors. The Company s independent directors bring experience, oversight and expertise from many industries, including the insurance industry. In addition to feedback provided during the course of Board meetings, the independent directors regularly meet in executive session without management present and have regular access to our management team. Board Structure Our Board has reviewed its classified board structure and continues to believe that this structure provides stability and continuity in the Board s membership and in the direction it provides to the Company s management. This approach promotes a long-term perspective to our strategy and has proved beneficial to our management in establishing the Company s short- and long-term priorities. We believe that a classified election process remains in the best interests of our shareholders. Board Independence and Composition Our Board has concluded that the following 10 non- employee directors, including our Chair, are independent in accordance with the director independence standards set forth in Nasdaq rules: John L. Bunce, Francis Ebong, Laurie S. Goodman, Daniel J. Houston, Moira Kilcoyne, Eileen Mallesch, Alexander Moczarski, John M. Pasquesi, Brian S. Posner and Neal Triplett. In making these independence determinations, the Board reviewed the relevant relationships with the directors set forth under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions, including ordinary course transactions not meeting the disclosure threshold with insurers, reinsurers and producers in which a director or a fund affiliated with any of our directors maintained at least a 10% ownership interest. Specifically, the Board s independence determinations included reviewing our contribution made to a non-profit organization where Ms. Goodman serves as a fellow (but not as an executive officer). Payment to this non-profit organization constituted less than the greater of $200,000 or 1% of that organization s annual consolidated gross revenues during its last completed fiscal year. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 13 The Company does not set specific term limits on director service and believes that a mix of director tenures strengthens the Board s effectiveness. Longer tenured directors possess experience and institutional knowledge, while newer directors bring fresh perspectives. Of our 12 directors, the average director tenure is approximately 9.1 years as shown below: Independence Tenure Age Skills and Experience The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to become directors and recommending to the Board the director nominees for consideration at each annual general meeting of shareholders. In general, the Committee will look for new members, possessing superior business judgment and integrity who have distinguished themselves in their chosen fields of endeavor and who have knowledge and experience in the areas of insurance, reinsurance or other aspects of our business, operations or activities, as well as knowledge of the business environments in the jurisdictions in which we currently operate or intend to operate in the future. The Company endeavors to maintain a board representing a broad spectrum of expertise, backgrounds, perspectives and experience. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Nominating and Governance Committee s assessment of new Board candidates will include consideration of the members qualifications and their independence, as well as consideration of their skills and experience in the context of the needs of the Board. In addition, although the Board considers diversity of viewpoints, expertise and experience, the Board does not have a formal diversity policy. Board Refreshment. The Board is committed to effective refreshment that is reflective of the Company s evolving strategy, and to having a diversity of perspectives, skills and experiences on our Board that align with our strategy. With succession planning and bench strength in mind, the Board first identifies desired skill sets to enhance the effectiveness of our Board and from time to time may retain a search firm to help identify and evaluate possible candidates through a comprehensive recruitment process. In its ongoing efforts to refresh Board composition, our Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates a broad pool of director candidates based upon the desired skills, qualities and attributes. For example, following this work, the Board added four directors in 2024 and 2025: Mr. Houston, a seasoned executive with extensive experience in the financial services industry; Mr. Triplett, an accomplished investment professional with sophisticated investment expertise and deep financial services knowledge; Mr. Papadopoulo, our CEO who is an experienced leader with broad insurance industry background and in-depth knowledge of our operations; and Mr. Moczarski, an insurance executive with an extensive background in international business. 14 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Over-boarding. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct require directors to advise the Board through the Chair of the Board or the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee in advance of accepting an invitation to serve on another company board, or to serve as an employee, advisor or consultant of any mortgage enterprise (mortgage broker, lender, originator, seller or servicer of 1-4 unit residential mortgages or any other entity to which a master policy has been issued) or any competitor of the Company, whether public or private. A proposed director position is reviewed to ensure that the new role will not interfere with the director s ability to discharge his or her duties to the Company. In addition, the Board has implemented a practice prohibiting directors from serving on more than three other public company boards. Role in Risk Oversight Our Board, as a whole and also at the committee level, has an active role in overseeing management of the Company s risks. The Board regularly reviews information regarding the Company s business and operations, including underwriting, investments, capital management, liquidity, financial reporting and compliance, as well as the risks associated with these activities. As outlined below, Committees of the Board help oversee the business and operations of the Company: Audit Committee Oversees management of financial reporting, compliance and operational risks. Compensation and Human Capital Committee Oversees the management of risks relating to the Company s compensation plans and arrangements, retention of personnel and succession planning with regard to members of our Executive Leadership Team. Executive Committee Oversees and directs the business and affairs of the Company in intervals between meetings of the Board. Finance, Investment and Risk Committee Oversees risks relating to the financial, investment and other risk affairs of the Company. Nominating and Governance Committee Oversees risks associated with the composition of the Board, corporate governance, sustainability matters and succession planning relating to our CEO. Underwriting Oversight Committee Oversees risks relating to our underwriting activities, including with respect to accumulations and aggregations of exposures in our insurance, reinsurance and mortgage businesses. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 15 Cybersecurity Risk Oversight We prioritize the management of cybersecurity risk and the protection of information across our enterprise. The Audit Committee of the Board oversees the Board s responsibilities relating to the operational (including information technology ( IT ), business continuity and data security) risk affairs of the Company. Our Audit Committee is informed of such risks through quarterly reports from our Chief Information Officer and Chief Operations Officer with input from our Chief Information Security Officer. Code of Business Conduct, Committee Charters, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Insider Trading Policy We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct, which describes our ethical principles, and the charters of responsibilities for all of our standing Board committees. We have also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that cover issues such as executive sessions of our Board, director qualification and independence requirements, director responsibilities, access to management, evaluations and communications with the Board in order to help maintain effective corporate governance of the Company. The full text of our Code of Business Conduct, each Committee Charter and our Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on the Company s website, archgroup.com . None of the material on our website is incorporated herein by reference. We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the Company s securities by our directors, officers and employees that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations (the Insider Trading Policy ). It is also the policy of the Company to comply with applicable securities laws when transacting in its own securities. Meetings The Board held five meetings during 2025 . Each director attended 75% or more of all meetings of the Board and any committees on which the director served during 2025 . Directors are encouraged, but not required, to attend our annual general meeting of shareholders. 11 out of 12 of our then-current directors attended the 2025 annual general meeting. Communications with the Board Shareholders may communicate with the Board or any of the directors by sending written communications addressed to the Board or any of the directors, to: Arch Capital Group Ltd. Waterloo House, Ground Floor 100 Pitts Bay Road Pembroke HM 08, Bermuda Attention: Secretary E-Mail: shareholderinfo@archgroup.com Shareholder communications will be compiled as appropriate by the Secretary for review by the Board. 16 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Committees of the Board Director Audit Compensation and Human Capital Executive Finance, Investment and Risk Nominating and Governance Underwriting Oversight John L. Bunce n n Chair Francis Ebong n n n Laurie S. Goodman n n Chair Daniel J. Houston n n Moira Kilcoyne n Chair n Eileen Mallesch Chair n Alexander Moczarski n n Nicolas Papadopoulo n John M. Pasquesi Chair n n Brian S. Posner n Chair Neal Triplett n n John D. Vollaro n n Audit Committee The Audit Committee of the Board assists the Board in monitoring (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) the qualifications and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm, (3) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm and (4) the compliance by the Company with legal and regulatory requirements applicable to financial statements and accounting and financial reporting processes. The Audit Committee is involved in the selection of the audit engagement partner and also oversees the Board s responsibilities relating to the operational (including IT, business continuity and data security) risk affairs of the Company. All Audit Committee members are considered independent under the listing standards of Nasdaq governing the qualifications of the members of audit committees and the independence requirements under Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Board has determined that two of the four members of the Audit Committee, Mss. Goodman and Mallesch, qualify as an audit committee financial expert under the rules of the SEC. The Audit Committee held five meetings during 2025 , in addition to several informational meetings. Compensation and Human Capital Committee The Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board approves the compensation of our senior executives and has overall responsibility for approving, evaluating and making recommendations to the Board regarding our officer compensation plans, policies and programs. As part of its responsibilities, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee also oversees the succession planning process for our Executive Leadership Team (except for the CEO). In addition, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee reviews periodic updates from management on initiatives and progress in the area of human capital management. All Compensation and Human Capital Committee members are considered independent under the listing standards of Nasdaq governing the qualifications of the members of compensation committees. In addition, no executive officer of the Company served on any board of directors or compensation committee of any entity (other than Arch Capital) with which any member of our Board serves as an executive officer. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee held five meetings in 2025 . 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 17 Executive Committee The Executive Committee of the Board may generally exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of our business and affairs when the Board is not in session unless the Board otherwise determines. The Executive Committee did not meet during 2025 . Finance, Investment and Risk Committee The Finance, Investment and Risk Committee of the Board oversees the Board s responsibilities relating to the financial, investment and other risk affairs of the Company. The Finance, Investment and Risk Committee also recommends to the Board financial policies, risk tolerances, strategic capital management activities and overall investment policy, including the selection of appropriate financial benchmarks and investment performance. The Finance, Investment and Risk Committee held four meetings during 2025 . Nominating and Governance Committee The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to become directors and recommending to the Board the director nominees for consideration at each annual general meeting of shareholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee also advises the Board on succession planning for our CEO as well as corporate governance matters, and the Company s sustainability initiatives. All Nominating and Governance Committee members are considered independent under the listing standards of Nasdaq. The Nominating and Governance Committee held four meetings during 2025 . Nominations Process. When the Board determines to seek a new member, whether to fill a vacancy or otherwise, the Nominating and Governance Committee will consider recommendations from Board members, management and others, including shareholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board utilize the same criteria for evaluating candidates regardless of the source of the referral. Please refer to Skills and Experience for a description of the skills, expertise and other attributes desired in new members. For a discussion of the specific experiences, qualifications, attributes or skills that led the Nominating and Governance Committee to conclude that each director should serve on our Board, see the biographical information section beginning on page 18 . For a more detailed discussion of our Board composition, including our Board refreshment process, see Board Independence and Composition and Skills and Experience. Any shareholder who wishes to make a proposal to be included in our Proxy Statement and form of proxy relating to the 2027 annual general meeting, or to submit a proposal or nominate a director at the 2027 annual general meeting, should follow the procedures as described under the caption Shareholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual General Meeting. Board Self-Evaluations. The Nominating and Governance Committee develops the process for the Board s self- evaluation and oversees, in combination with the Chair of the Board, the conduct of these evaluations. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board will conduct annual self-evaluations to determine whether the Board and its committees are functioning effectively. Following the annual general meeting each year, the Nominating and Governance Committee oversees individual director evaluations, including self- evaluations and peer reviews, for each director who will be up for election at the next annual general meeting to help inform the annual director nomination process. The Nominating and Governance Committee has retained a third-party governance organization to facilitate the Board and committee evaluation process and intends to use, at least every three years, an independent third- party to conduct these evaluations. The Board believes that self-evaluations of the Board are important elements of corporate governance and essential to ensure a well- functioning Board. Sustainability. The Nominating and Governance Committee oversees the establishment, management and processes related to sustainability activities. This committee receives quarterly reports on sustainability topics, including regulatory compliance, reporting and related activities. These reports detail the Company s progress on substantive sustainability initiatives and provide information on rating agencies that evaluate our sustainability performance. Please refer to our Sustainability Practices for a review of our program. Underwriting Oversight Committee The Underwriting Oversight Committee of the Board assists the Board by reviewing the underwriting activities of our insurance, reinsurance and mortgage businesses. The Underwriting Oversight Committee held four meetings in 2025 . 18 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Nominees Francis Ebong n 45 years old Mr. Ebong is currently Chief Service Experience Officer at PayPal, where he focuses on using Artificial Intelligence and automation to transform how PayPal supports businesses and consumers. Prior to PayPal, he served as Managing Director of Program Management at X, Alphabet s in-house research and development division, where he was tasked with launching technologies to improve the lives of billions of people. He has an extensive background in technology and innovation, including serving as the Director of Global Operations and Partnerships at Facebook (Meta) from 2015 to 2017, where he led a global team responsible for launches including FB Live, Marketplace and Messenger. Prior to his time at Facebook (Meta), Mr. Ebong was the Head of Operations at Postmates and has experience working at Apple and Deloitte. Mr. Ebong is a veteran of the U.S. Navy, holds a B.S. in General Science from the United States Naval Academy and an MBA from the George Washington University School of Business. Mr. Ebong s qualifications for service on our Board include his extensive operational experience and his technology management skills. n Director since August 2021 n Class I Director of Arch Capital n Audit Committee n Compensation and Human Capital Committee n Nominating and Governance Committee Eileen Mallesch n 70 years old Ms. Mallesch has more than 30 years of finance and risk experience, including serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Nationwide s Property and Casualty segment from 2005 to 2009. Prior to that, she was Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President at Genworth (2003 to 2005) and General Electric s (2000 to 2003) Group Insurance and Life Insurance businesses. Ms. Mallesch has broad finance and business strategy expertise in the insurance, telecommunications and consumer products industries. Her significant board experience includes current positions on the boards of Brighthouse Financial and Fifth Third Bancorp. She previously served on the boards of Bob Evans from 2008 to 2018, Libbey Inc. from 2016 to 2020 and State Auto Financial from 2010 to 2021. Ms. Mallesch has a B.S. in Accounting from the City University of New York and is a CPA (inactive). Ms. Mallesch s qualifications for service on our Board include her extensive senior management and operating experience in the insurance industry and her service on boards of directors of other companies. n Director since August 2021 n Class I Director of Arch Capital n Audit Committee n Underwriting Oversight Committee 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 19 Brian S. Posner n 64 years old Mr. Posner is Founder and President of Point Rider Group, an advisory and consulting firm that provides independent strategic counsel to senior executives, boards of directors and institutional investors. His experience spans senior executive roles, corporate directorships, and investment management expertise across public and private markets. Mr. Posner also serves as a director of Dyne Therapeutics. Previously, he served as Chair of Bioverativ and the AQR Funds, and as a director for Biogen, Sotheby s, and The Mutual Fund Store (a private company), among others. His leadership experience includes serving as President, and CEO of ClearBridge Advisors (a subsidiary of Legg Mason prior to it being acquired by Franklin Resources), a $100+ billion asset management firm (2005-2008). Prior to that, he was Managing Member of Hygrove Partners LLC, a value-based equity hedge fund group (2000-2005); Partner and Managing Director at Warburg Pincus LLC (1997-1999); and Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Fidelity Investments, where he was sole manager of a nationally recognized, top- performing equity mutual fund (1987-1996). Mr. Posner is a Life Trustee at Northwestern University and an emeritus member and former co-Chair of the Board of Visitors at Northwestern s Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences. He also is an advisor to Northwestern s Center for the Study of Diversity and Democracy. He regularly guest lectures on corporate strategy and governance at Northwestern s Kellogg School of Management and Columbia University s Graduate School of Journalism. Brian earned his MBA from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 1987 and a B.A. in History (with Honors) from Northwestern University in 1983. Mr. Posner s qualifications for service on our Board include his strong financial background, investment skills and extensive experience as a leading institutional investment manager and advisor, as well as his general expertise in matters pertaining to the financial services industry and service on boards of directors of other companies. n Director since November 2010 n Class I Director of Arch Capital n Compensation and Human Capital Committee n Finance, Investment and Risk Committee Required Vote A majority of the votes cast will be required to elect the above nominees as Class I Directors of Arch Capital. Recommendation of the Board THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THIS PROPOSAL. 20 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Appointed Directors, Continuing Directors and Senior Management The following individuals are our appointed and continuing directors: John L. Bunce n 67 years old Mr. Bunce is a Managing Director and Founder of Greyhawk Capital Management, LLC and Managing Director and Founder of Steel Box, LLC. Both Greyhawk and Steel Box are investment organizations. Mr. Bunce has served as a director of numerous public and private companies and he continues to serve on several private company boards and as an Overseer of the Hoover Institution. He holds an B.A. from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Mr. Bunce s qualifications for service on our Board include his corporate finance background, investment skills, extensive experience in evaluating and overseeing companies in a wide range of industries and service on boards of directors of other companies. n Director since November 2001 n Class III Director of Arch Capital n Term expires 2028 n Executive Committee n Finance, Investment and Risk Committee n Nominating and Governance Committee Laurie S. Goodman n 70 years old Ms. Goodman is an Institute Fellow at the Urban Institute and Founder of its Housing Finance Policy Center. Before joining the Urban Institute in 2013, Ms. Goodman spent 30 years at several Wall Street firms. From 2008 to 2013, she was Senior Managing Director at Amherst Securities Group, LP. From 1993 to 2008, Ms. Goodman was head of global fixed income research and Manager of U.S. securitized products research at UBS and predecessor firms. Before that, she held positions at several other Wall Street firms. Early in her career she was a senior economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Ms. Goodman serves on the board of directors of real estate investment trust MFA Financial and is an adviser to The Amherst Group, LLC. She previously served on the board of directors of Home Point Capital Inc. and was a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Financial Advisory Roundtable, the Bipartisan Policy Center s Housing Commission, Fannie Mae s Affordable Housing Advisory Council as well as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau s Consumer Advocacy Board. Ms. Goodman has a B.A. in Mathematics from the University of Pennsylvania and an A.M. and Ph.D. in Economics from Stanford University. Ms. Goodman s qualifications for service on our Board include her extensive analytics and strategy experience, her housing finance expertise and her service on boards of directors of other companies. n Director since May 2018 n Class II Director of Arch Capital n Term expires 2027 n Audit Committee n Nominating and Governance Committee n Underwriting Oversight Committee Daniel J. Houston n 64 years old Mr. Houston is the retired Chairman of the Principal Financial Group and the former President and CEO of the Fortune 500 financial services company. Mr. Houston joined Principal in 1984 and held a variety of management positions during his career, including Senior Vice President in 2000, Executive Vice President in 2006 and President of Retirement and Income Solutions in 2008. He was named President and Chief Operating Officer in 2014 before assuming the President and CEO role in late 2015 and Chairman in 2016. He retired from the company in 2025. Mr. Houston currently serves on the boards of directors of ADT Inc., the Greater Des Moines Partnership Executive Committee and Iowa State University Business School Dean s Advisory Council, as well as the boards of directors for the Partnership for a Healthier America. Mr. Houston is past Chairman of the board of directors of the American Council of Life Insurers and a past member of the Business Roundtable, an association of U.S. CEOs from the country s largest companies. Mr. Houston has a B.A. from Iowa State University and an honorary doctorate from the same institution. Mr. Houston s qualifications for service on our Board include his strong financial background and extensive executive management in the financial services industry. n Director since August 2024 n Class II Director of Arch Capital n Term expires 2027 n Compensation and Human Capital Committee n Nominating and Governance Committee 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 21 Moira Kilcoyne n 64 years old Ms. Kilcoyne is a technology industry veteran with extensive financial services experience. From 2013 to 2016, she served as Managing Director, Co-Chief Information Officer of Morgan Stanley where she co-headed the company s global technology and data business and she also sat on the firm s Management Committee. Prior to becoming Managing Director, Co-Chief Information Officer, Ms. Kilcoyne held a number of senior technology roles within Morgan Stanley. She currently serves on the boards of directors of Quilter plc and is a member of the Board of Governors of FINRA. She also serves as director of Euroclear in the UK. Prior board roles have included Citrix Systems, Inc. and as a Trustee of Manhattan College. Ms. Kilcoyne has a B.S. in Mathematics from Manhattan College. Ms. Kilcoyne s qualifications for service on our Board include her more than 30 years of experience in the technology industry, her extensive financial services experience and service on boards of directors of other companies. n Director since January 2020 n Class III Director of Arch Capital n Term expires 2028 n Audit Committee n Compensation and Human Capital Committee n Nominating and Governance Committee Alexander Moczarski n 70 years old Mr. Moczarski has over 45 years of insurance industry experience and retired as Chairman of Marsh McLennan Companies, International in January 2025. Prior to becoming Chairman, he held leadership positions at Guy Carpenter Company, LLC, as well as various international regional segments and divisions of Marsh McLennan and American International Group, Inc. Mr. Moczarski chaired Marsh India from 2016 to 2025, he was a Global Director of the US India Business Council and he previously served as Chairman of Blue Marble Micro. He currently serves on the board of Independent Diplomat. Mr. Moczarski holds a B.A. from the University of Manchester, and he completed the Stanford Executive Program at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Mr. Moczarski s qualifications for service on our Board include his strong insurance industry background, his extensive executive management in the insurance industry and his service on board of directors of other companies. n Director since February 2025 n Class III Director of Arch Capital n Term expires 2028 n Compensation and Human Capital Committee n Underwriting Oversight Committee John M. Pasquesi n 66 years old Mr. Pasquesi has been Chair of the Board of Arch Capital since September 2019 and a director since October 2001. From November 2017 to September 2019, he served as Lead Director. Mr. Pasquesi is the Managing Member of Otter Capital LLC, a private equity investment firm he founded in January 2001. He holds an A.B. from Dartmouth College and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business. Mr. Pasquesi s qualifications for service on our Board include his investment skills, extensive experience in evaluating and overseeing companies in a wide range of industries, including the insurance industry, and service on boards of directors of other companies. n Director since October 2001 n Class II Director of Arch Capital n Term expires 2027 n Executive Committee n Finance, Investment and Risk Committee n Underwriting Oversight Committee 22 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Nicolas Papadopoulo n 63 years old Mr. Papadopoulo has been Chief Executive Officer of Arch Capital Group Ltd. and a member of the board since October 2024. Previously, he served as President and Chief Underwriting Officer of Arch Capital Group and CEO of Arch s Global Insurance Group beginning in 2021. From 2017 through 2020, he was Chairman and CEO of Arch s Global Insurance Group and Chief Underwriting Officer ( CUO ) for Property and Casualty Operations. Mr. Papadopoulo joined Arch Reinsurance Ltd. ( Arch Re Bermuda ) in 2001 and held a variety of roles including Chairman and CEO of Arch Reinsurance Group. Before Arch, he held various positions at Sorema N.A. Reinsurance Group and also was an insurance examiner with the Ministry of Finance, Insurance Department, in France. Mr. Papadopoulo graduated from cole Polytechnique in France and cole Nationale de la Statistique et de l Administration Economique in France with a master s degree in statistics. He is a Member of the International Actuarial Association and a Fellow at the French Actuarial Society. Mr. Papadopoulo s qualifications for service on our Board include his strong insurance industry background, extensive executive management and operating experience in the insurance industry and his in-depth knowledge of our operations. n Director since October 2024 n Class III Director of Arch Capital n Term expires 2028 n Executive Committee Neal Triplett n 55 years old Mr. Triplett is President and CEO of the Duke University Management Company (DUMAC), a nonprofit organization that manages the endowment of Duke University. Mr. Triplett joined DUMAC as an investment manager in July 1999 and was appointed President in January 2007. Mr. Triplett started his career as a credit officer for the corporate and real estate portfolios at Wachovia Bank. Mr. Triplett currently serves on the Brown Advisory Mutual Fund Board, the Fuqua Board of Visitors, and the MCNC Investment Advisory Board. Mr. Triplett received a B.A. from Duke University as well as an MBA from the Duke University Fuqua School of Business. He also holds the chartered financial analyst designation. Mr. Triplett s qualifications for service on our Board include his corporate finance background, investment skills and extensive executive management experience as an investment manager, as well as his service on boards of directors of other companies. n Director since August 2024 n Class II Director of Arch Capital n Term expires 2027 n Finance, Investment and Risk Committee n Underwriting Oversight Committee 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 23 The following individuals are members of senior management, including our executive officers, who do not serve as directors of Arch Capital: David E. Gansberg n 53 years old Mr. Gansberg was named President, Arch Capital Group Ltd., in November 2024. In this role, he has primary accountability for Arch s Global Insurance Group, which includes Arch s North American and International Insurance Operations. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Arch s Global Mortgage Group from 2019 until his 2024 promotion. Mr. Gansberg joined Arch in 2001 and has held various operational, strategic and underwriting roles in Arch s Reinsurance, Mortgage and Corporate businesses. Mr. Gansberg currently serves on the board of directors of Coface SA. He holds a bachelor s degree in actuarial mathematics from the University of Michigan and an MBA from Duke University. n With Arch since December 2001 n President, Arch Capital Maamoun Rajeh n 55 years old Mr. Rajeh was named President, Arch Capital Group Ltd., in November 2024. In this role, he oversees Arch s Global Reinsurance and Global Mortgage Groups. Previously, Mr. Rajeh spent seven years as Chairman and CEO of Arch s Global Reinsurance Group. Mr. Rajeh joined Arch Re Bermuda in 2001 as an underwriter and has held senior roles of increasing responsibility throughout his tenure. Before Arch, Mr. Rajeh served as Assistant Vice President at HartRe, a subsidiary of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and held various positions at the United States Fidelity and Guarantee Company and F G Re. Mr. Rajeh serves on the board of directors of Somers Group Holdings Ltd. ( Somers ) and Premia Holdings Ltd. ( Premia ). He holds a bachelor s degree from The Wharton School of Business of the University of Pennsylvania and he is a Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter. n With Arch since December 2001 n President, Arch Capital Fran ois Morin n 58 years old Mr. Morin is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) and Treasurer of Arch Capital Group Ltd., a position he has held since May 2018. Mr. Morin previously served as Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary of Arch Capital from 2015 until 2018. He joined Arch in 2011 as Chief Actuary and Deputy Chief Risk Officer. Before Arch, Mr. Morin spent 21 years in various roles for Towers Watson Co. He holds a bachelor s degree in actuarial science from Universit Laval in Canada. He is a Fellow of the Casualty Actuarial Society, a Chartered Financial Analyst, a Chartered Enterprise Risk Analyst and a Member of the American Academy of Actuaries. n With Arch since October 2011 n Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Arch Capital Christine Todd n 59 years old Ms. Todd is Chief Investment Officer of Arch Capital Group Ltd. and President of Arch Investment Management Ltd. ( AIM ) where she is responsible for setting the firm s investment strategy and managing the day-to-day operations of the investment portfolio. Before joining Arch in 2021, Ms. Todd was Head of Fixed Income, U.S., for Amundi US. She has also held executive roles at Neighborly Investments, Standish Mellon Asset Management Company LLC, and Gannett, Welsh Kotler. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst and holds a bachelor s degree from Georgetown University and an MBA from Boston University. n With Arch since June 2021 n Chief Investment Officer, Arch Capital 24 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Jennifer Centrone n 53 years old Ms. Centrone is Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer at Arch Capital Services LLC, where she is responsible for leading the organization s talent and culture strategies. Before joining Arch in 2019, Ms. Centrone was a Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Voya Financial. She also held senior human resources roles at both The Hartford and Accenture. She earned a bachelor s degree in English writing and literature from Fairfield University. n With Arch since June 2019 n Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of Arch Capital Services LLC Jerome Halgan n 52 years old Mr. Halgan was appointed President and Chief Underwriting Officer of Arch Reinsurance Group in March 2024 and has served as Chief Executive Officer of Arch Re Bermuda since 2018. Mr. Halgan joined Arch in 2009 as Senior Underwriter with Arch Re Bermuda before being promoted to CUO in 2012. He has held senior roles of increasing responsibility throughout his tenure including Chairman, President and CEO of Arch Reinsurance Company ( Arch Re (U.S.) ). Before Arch, Mr. Halgan worked for the Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group as a Vice President for eight years and for Sorema N.A. Reinsurance Group for five years with property underwriting and business analysis responsibilities. Mr. Halgan earned an MBA from New York University and an engineering degree from the cole Sup rieure d lectricit in France. n With Arch since June 2009 n President and Chief Underwriting Officer of Arch Reinsurance Group Chris Hovey n 59 years old Mr. Hovey is Chief Operations Officer at Arch Capital Services LLC. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer from 2018 to 2020. He joined Arch in 2014 and served as Chief Operating Officer of Arch Mortgage Insurance Company. Before Arch, Mr. Hovey was Chief Operating Officer for PMI Mortgage Insurance Co. ( PMI ). He also served as Senior Vice President of servicing operations and loss management for PMI. Mr. Hovey holds a bachelor s degree from San Francisco State University and an MBA from Saint Mary s College. n With Arch since January 2014 n Chief Operations Officer of Arch Capital Services LLC Louis T. Petrillo n 60 years old Mr. Petrillo has served as the President and General Counsel of Arch Capital Services LLC since April 2002. Previously, he was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Arch Capital Group Ltd., as well as Vice President and Associate General Counsel of Arch Capital s reinsurance subsidiary. Before joining Arch, Mr. Petrillo practiced law at Willkie Farr Gallagher LLP. He holds a bachelor s degree from Tufts University and a law degree from Columbia University. n With Arch since January 1996 n President and General Counsel of Arch Capital Services LLC Jay Rajendra n 45 years old Mr. Rajendra is Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer of Arch Capital Group Ltd. He is responsible for developing Arch s enterprise strategy, AI strategy and data science capabilities. Mr. Rajendra joined Arch in 2016 in the role of Chief Analytics Officer. Prior to joining Arch, Mr. Rajendra was Head of Business Solutions for XL Group s Strategic Analytics team. Before XL, Mr. Rajendra was a Senior Consultant at Towers Watson in both North America and Europe, where he advised large international (re)insurers and innovative start-ups on pricing, strategy and M A. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries, Fellow of the Casualty Actuarial Society and Member of the American Academy of Actuaries. He holds a Bachelors and Masters in Mathematics from Oxford University and an MBA from MIT Sloan. n With Arch since August 2016 n Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer, Arch Capital 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 25 Michael Schmeiser n 48 years old Mr. Schmeiser is President and Chief Executive Officer of Arch U.S. Mortgage, which includes Arch Mortgage Insurance Company and Arch Mortgage Funding. Before becoming CEO in 2019, Mr. Schmeiser held the role of Chief Strategy Officer, Arch Global Mortgage Group. Before joining Arch, he held senior roles with United Guaranty Corporation, rising to Senior Vice President, Strategic Initiatives. He has more than two decades of strategy experiences, including a variety of positions at American Express Company, The Parthenon Group LLC and Intel Corporation. Mr. Schmeiser holds a bachelor s degree in industrial engineering from Purdue University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. n With Arch since January 2017 n President and Chief Executive Officer, Arch U.S. Mortgage Matthew Shulman n 52 years old Mr. Shulman was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Arch Insurance North America in January 2019. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Arch Insurance s European operations. Mr. Shulman joined Arch Insurance U.S. in 2009 and has held senior roles of increasing responsibility throughout his tenure. Before Arch, he held roles at The Hartford within the Financial Products division and worked at Reliance National in various underwriting roles within the financial products division. Mr. Shulman has a bachelor s degree from Cornell University and a law degree from Fordham University School of Law. n With Arch since June 2009 n Chief Executive Officer, Arch Insurance North America 26 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Succession Planning We have a robust talent and succession planning process. On an annual basis, our Board receives a comprehensive succession plan for the CEO and for each member of our Executive Leadership Team. Our Board has delegated primary oversight responsibility for succession planning for our CEO to our Nominating and Governance Committee and, for the other members of our Executive Leadership Team, to the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. Our Board continues to regularly evaluate its succession planning to ensure that we are well-positioned to execute our corporate strategy. In addition, management prepares a broader talent and succession plan on an annual basis, focusing on identifying, developing and retaining high performing and high potential talent for key positions, and attracting a diverse talent base. Director Compensation The Compensation and Human Capital Committee is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding all matters pertaining to compensation paid to directors for Board, committee and committee chair services. In making non-employee director compensation recommendations, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee takes various factors into consideration, including, but not limited to, input received from the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s independent consultant, the responsibilities of directors generally, as well as committee chairs, and the form and amount of compensation paid to directors by comparable companies. The Board reviews the recommendations of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee and determines the form and amount of director compensation. The following table provides information concerning the compensation of our directors for the year ended December 31, 2025 . Directors who also serve as employees of the Company do not receive payment for service as directors. In addition to the arrangements described below, all non-employee directors are entitled to reimbursement for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with their travel to and attendance at meetings of the Board or committees. For a complete understanding of the table, refer to the footnotes and the narrative disclosures that follow the table. Please also refer to the 2025 Summary Compensation Table for Mr. Papadopoulo s compensation. Mr. Papadopoulo does not receive any additional compensation (cash fees or share awards) for his service as a director. Name Committee Chair Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)(1) Share Awards ($)(2) All Other Compensation ($)(3) Total ($) John L. Bunce NC 150,038 144,967 7,275 302,280 Francis Ebong 150,038 144,967 32,275 327,280 Laurie S. Goodman UC 200,038 144,967 32,275 377,280 Daniel Houston 125,094 144,967 4,590 274,651 Moira Kilcoyne CC 175,038 144,967 7,275 327,280 Eileen Mallesch AC 175,038 144,967 7,275 327,280 Alexander S. Moczarski (4) 156,556 182,261 25,000 363,817 John M. Pasquesi * EC 260,038 144,967 137,275 542,280 Brian S. Posner FC 150,038 144,967 8,387 303,392 Eugene S. Sunshine 38 23,004 23,042 Neal Triplett 125,094 144,967 29,590 299,651 John D. Vollaro 500,000 92,949 (6) 592,949 AC = Audit Committee Chair; CC = Compensation and Human Capital Committee Chair; EC = Executive Committee Chair; FC = Finance, Investment and Risk Committee Chair; NC = Nominating and Governance Committee Chair; UC = Underwriting Oversight Committee Chair * Chair of the Board 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 27 (1) Each non-employee member of our Board is entitled to receive an annual cash retainer fee in the amount of $125,000 . Each such director may elect to receive the retainer fee in the form of common shares instead of cash. If so elected, the number of shares distributed to the non-employee director will be equal to 100% of the amount of the annual retainer fee otherwise payable divided by the fair market value of our common shares ( i.e., the closing price on the date of grant), and such shares vest immediately with any residual amounts not counting for a full share value to be paid on the grant date in cash. This column includes the annual retainer (whether paid in cash or, at the election of the director, in common shares) and the fees for service as Chair of the Board, committee chair and Audit Committee member. In addition, Mss. Goodman and Mallesch and Messrs. Ebong, Moczarski and Posner received their annual retainer fees in the form of cash and Ms. Kilcoyne and Messrs. Bunce, Houston and Triplett received their annual retainers in the form of 1,348 common shares. Additionally, Mr. Pasquesi received his annual retainer and Chair of the Board fee in shares, each in the form of 1,348 common shares. For the 2024-2025 annual period, Mr. Sunshine, who resigned from the Board effective May 7, 2025, received a $38 cash payment upon vesting of his May 2024 annual grant. The table below sets forth the fees payable to our chairs and Audit Committee members in addition to the annual retainer received for regular board service. Committee Chair/Member Annual Fee ($) Audit Committee Chair 50,000 Audit Committee Member 25,000 Chair of the Board 125,000 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Chair 25,000 Executive Committee Chair 10,000 Finance, Investment and Risk Committee Chair 25,000 Nominating and Governance Committee Chair 25,000 Underwriting Oversight Committee Chair 50,000 Effective as of the 2026 Annual Meeting, the Chair of the Board fee will be $175,000. (2) Each year, the non-employee directors are granted a number of restricted shares equal to $145,000 divided by the fair market value of our common shares on the date of grant ( i.e., the closing price on the first day of the annual period of compensation for the non-employee directors), and such shares will vest on the earlier of the one-year anniversary of grant date or the next annual general meeting of shareholders with any residual amounts not counting for a full share value to be paid in cash on the vesting date. The grant date fair value indicated in the table has been calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 Compensation Stock Compensation, using assumptions set forth in the notes accompanying our financial statements. See note 22 , Share-Based Compensation, on pages 170-172 of the notes accompanying our consolidated financial statements included in our 2025 Annual Report. On May 7, 2025 , each non-employee director, except for Mr. Moczarski as discussed in Footnote 4 below, received 1,564 restricted shares, which will vest on May 5, 2026 . The aggregate number of share awards outstanding ( i.e., unvested) as of December 31, 2025 , for Mss. Goodman, Kilcoyne and Mallesch and Messrs. Bunce, Ebong, Houston, Moczarski, Pasquesi, Posner and Triplett was 1,564 common shares. Effective as of the 2026 Annual Meeting, each year, the non-employee directors will be granted a number of restricted shares equal to $195,000 divided by the fair market value of our common shares ( i.e., the closing price on the first day of the annual period of compensation for the non-employee directors), and such shares will vest on the earlier of the one- year anniversary of grant date or the next annual general meeting of shareholders with any residual amounts not counting for a full share value to be paid in cash on the vesting date. (3) The amounts in the All Other Compensation column for Ms. Goodman and Messrs. Ebong, Moczarski, Pasquesi, Posner, Sunshine, Triplett and Vollaro consist of matching gifts made under the Company s matching gift program. Under the matching gift program in 2025 , the Company matched eligible contributions to qualified charitable organizations on a dollar- for-dollar basis, up to a maximum of $25,000 per calendar year. The Company made an aggregate of approximately $ 166,841 in matching contributions on behalf of the directors noted in the table above for 2025 which includes $25,000 each for Ms. Goodman and Messrs. Ebong, Moczarski, Pasquesi, Triplett and Vollaro, $15,729 for Mr. Sunshine and $1,112 for Mr. Posner, respectively. In addition, the amounts include the cash dividend payment in connection to the vesting of restricted shares as a result of the special dividend of $5.00 per common share we paid in December 2024 (the Special Dividend ). Lastly, the amount for Mr. Pasquesi also includes HSR filing fees paid by the Company in the amount of $105,000. (4) On February 4, 2025, Mr. Moczarski joined the Board and received a pro-rated director fee and share award for the 2024-2025 annual period, as reflected in the table above. Mr. Moczarski received a pro-rated annual cash retainer fee in the amount of $31,507 and a pro-rated share award equal to $37,294 divided by the fair market value of our common shares on the date of grant, February 4, 2025 or 402 common shares. The shares vested on May 9, 2025. (5 ) On January 15, 2026, Mr. Vollaro informed the Company that he would not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Mr. Vollaro s employment agreement provides that he receive an annual base salary of $250,000 and a bonus determined by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee and the Board for his role as Senior Advisor of the Company. For 2025 , Mr. Vollaro received a cash bonus of $250,000. A description of Mr. Vollaro s employment agreement is included below. (6) The amount for Mr. Vollaro includes $41,945 in contributions to our defined contribution plan and the amount of matching gifts made under the Company s matching gift program as indicated in Footnote 3 above. In addition, the total amount includes the payment for club dues and tax preparation services. 28 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Employment Agreement with John Vollaro On January 16, 2026, Mr. Vollaro informed the Company that he would not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Mr. Vollaro subsequently entered into a retirement letter with the Company on March 10, 2026 pursuant to which Mr. Vollaro will retire from the Company effective June 30, 2026, and, in accordance with his employment agreement and the prescribed policies and programs of the Company, will receive base salary and benefits through June 30, 2026, a pro rata payment of the 2026 annual bonus award and company-paid group health plan coverage for a period of 12 months. Previously, our employment agreement with Mr. Vollaro provided for his employment as Senior Advisor of Arch Capital to continue until terminated by either party by providing at least six months prior written notice. His base salary was $250,000 per annum, and the target rate for his annual cash bonus was 100% of his annual base salary. Mr. Vollaro was eligible to receive share-based awards at the discretion of the Board and was also entitled to participate in employee benefit programs and other fringe benefits customarily provided to similarly situated senior executives. The Company would reimburse him for his reasonable expenses incurred traveling between Bermuda and the United States. He received no other compensation for his service as an advisor and director to the Company. Matters Relating to Director Share Ownership In an effort to further align the interests of the non- employee directors with the interests of shareholders, the Company has adopted: Share Ownership Guidelines: Share ownership guidelines require the directors to retain common shares having a value of at least five times their annual cash retainer fee within five years of their appointment (stock options and unvested restricted shares/units do not count toward the requirement). Each director is in compliance with our share ownership guidelines, or is expected to become compliant within the prescribed timeframe following his or her initial election to the Board. Share Holding Requirements: Until our non-employee directors meet their target ownership levels, they must retain an amount equal to 50% of the net profit shares received from Arch Capital s equity awards. Net profit shares are the shares remaining after payment of taxes owed on vesting of restricted share or on vesting and payout under restricted share units. Under the director share holding requirements, net profit shares would also include shares remaining after payment of the exercise price of an option and taxes owed on exercise of options or on vesting and payout under performance shares, although our non-employee directors do not currently hold or receive Arch Capital performance shares or options. No Hedging Permitted: We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the Company s securities by directors, officers and employees, and as part of that policy, our directors, officers and employees are not permitted to engage in hedging activities with respect to Arch Capital s common shares or any other publicly- traded equity or debt securities issued by Arch Capital or any of its subsidiaries. Specifically, they may not engage in short sales or in the purchases or sales of financial instruments or derivatives, including puts and calls, that hedge or offset any change in the market value of such securities. In addition, our officers, directors and other employees may not otherwise engage in transactions that are designed to, or have, the same effect. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 29 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions Generally, transactions with related persons are subject to review by the disinterested members of our Board. Our Board has adopted written procedures regarding related party transactions, which include transactions involving a company or other entity (or an affiliate thereof) in which a non-employee director or an executive officer of Arch Capital has a material interest (each a portfolio company ), on the one hand, and Arch Capital or one of its subsidiaries, on the other hand. The Board or its disinterested members, as appropriate, also review, approve or ratify any related person transaction required by the SEC to be disclosed in our Proxy Statement. Under the procedures, these transactions must be reviewed and approved by the management of Arch Capital or the operating subsidiary entering into the transaction (as applicable), and the terms of such transaction should be arm s-length or on terms that are otherwise fair to Arch Capital and its subsidiaries. In addition, except for a few defined de minimis exceptions, these transactions also require the approval of Arch Capital under its holding company oversight guidelines. In reviewing these proposed transactions, the effects, if any, on the independence of the relevant directors are considered under the governing Nasdaq and SEC standards. Any applicable regulatory, tax and ratings agency matters are also considered. Under these procedures, the Board is regularly provided with an update of related party transactions. In January 2017, the Company and Kelso Co. ( Kelso ), sponsored Premia Reinsurance Ltd., a newly formed multi-line Bermuda reinsurance company ( Premia Re ). Premia Re s strategy is to reinsure or acquire companies or reserve portfolios in the non-life property and casualty insurance and reinsurance run-off market. The initial capitalization of Premia Re s parent, Premia, consisted of $400 million in common equity and $110 million in unsecured senior debt. Arch Re Bermuda and certain Arch co-investors, including senior management of Premia, invested $100 million and acquired 25% of Premia s common equity as well as warrants to purchase additional common equity. Two of the co-investors included Nicolas Papadopoulo, CEO of Arch Capital, who invested $2.5 million for a 0.625% stake, and Maamoun Rajeh, President of Arch Capital, who invested $0.5 million for a 0.125% stake. Affiliates of Kelso, along with co-investors of Kelso, invested $300 million and acquired the balance of Premia s common equity as well as warrants to purchase additional common equity. Subsidiaries of Arch Capital are providing certain administrative and support services to Premia pursuant to services agreements. Arch Re Bermuda has appointed two directors to serve on the seven-person board of directors of Premia Re. Arch Re Bermuda is providing a quota share reinsurance treaty on certain business written by Premia Re. During 2025, Arch Re Bermuda did not enter into any new reinsurance transactions with Premia. During 2025, Arch Re Bermuda generated immaterial net premiums written and earned, compared to $184 thousand and $492 thousand, respectively in 2024. At December 31, 2025, Arch Re Bermuda recorded funds held in assets from Premia of $124 million, compared to $137 million at December 31, 2024. In August 2025, we made a $125 thousand contribution to the Urban Institute, a non-profit research organization that employs one of our directors in a non-executive role, Laurie S. Goodman. In January 2023, we entered into various transactions related to private investments supporting the retrocession requirements of certain companies in the Company s Reinsurance segment (collectively, the 2023 Reinsurance Transactions ). One of the investors in the 2023 Reinsurance Transactions is a fund managed by Artisan Partners Limited Partnership ( APLP ). Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed in February 2024, certain investment management clients of APLP, including the fund referenced in the previous sentence, beneficially owned more than 5% of the outstanding common shares of Arch Capital as of December 31, 2023. See Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Common Shares for further detail. Pursuant to the transaction, the fund had committed to providing $100 million in retrocession protection for Arch s benefit via an insurance-linked securities structure with respect to certain risks underwritten during the relevant policy period in exchange for net ceded premiums. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed in November 2024, BlackRock Inc. ( BlackRock ) beneficially owned more than 5% of the outstanding common shares of Arch Capital as of September 30, 2024. BlackRock, through its subsidiaries, provides various investment management, investment trade support and risk analysis services to Arch Capital and its subsidiaries. During 2025, the Company incurred $13.5 million of fees, in the aggregate, under these services arrangements with BlackRock. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed in November 2024, Baron Capital Group, Inc., and certain of its subsidiaries and its controlling owner Ronald Baron (collectively Baron ), beneficially owned more than 5% of the outstanding common shares of Arch Capital as of September 30, 2024. Certain of the Company s subsidiaries have made passive investments in Baron 30 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT funds in the ordinary course of business. As of December 2025, the Company had approximately $161.6 million net asset value invested, in the aggregate, in funds managed by Baron. Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed in February 2026, Baron no longer beneficially owned more than 5% of the outstanding common shares of Arch Capital as of December 31, 2025. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed in February 2024, The Vanguard Group ( Vanguard ) beneficially owned more than 5% of the outstanding common shares of Arch Capital as of December 29, 2023. In 2025, Vanguard provided investment management services to Company- sponsored pension plans. Fees payable in connection with investing in Vanguard funds are paid by the plans. No fees were paid by the Company. Chiara Nannini, a director of certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, is a director of the law firm of Conyers Dill Pearman Limited ( Conyers ), which provides legal services to the Company and its subsidiaries. From time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, we may enter into transactions, including insurance and reinsurance transactions and brokerage or other arrangements for the production of business, with entities in which companies or funds affiliated with beneficial owners of more than 5% of our issued and outstanding voting shares or directors (or their immediate family members) of Arch Capital may have an ownership or other interest. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 31 SHARE OWNERSHIP Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Common Shares The following table sets forth information available to us as of March 9, 2026 with respect to the ownership of our voting shares by (1) each person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of our issued and outstanding voting shares, (2) each director and NEO of Arch Capital and (3) all of the directors and executive officers of Arch Capital as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each person named below has sole investment and voting power with respect to the securities shown. Common Shares Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (A) Number of Common Shares Beneficially Owned (1) (B) Rule 13d-3 Percentage Ownership (1) The Vanguard Group (2) 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355 40,754,642 11.4% BlackRock, Inc. (3) 50 Hudson Yards New York, New York 10001 33,285,495 9.3% Artisan Partners Holdings LP (4) 875 East Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 800 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 24,894,249 7.0% Baron Capital Group, Inc. (5) 767 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10153 17,987,505 5.0% Nicolas Papadopoulo (6) 1,659,915 * John L. Bunce (7) 1,559,669 * Francis Ebong (8) 10,807 * Laurie S. Goodman (9) 35,502 * Daniel J. Houston (10) 4,615 * Moira Kilcoyne (11) 32,444 * Eileen Mallesch (12) 11,731 * Alexander Moczarski (13) 1,966 * John M. Pasquesi (14) 4,856,328 1.4% Brian S. Posner (15) 120,104 * Neal Triplett (16) 4,615 * John D. Vollaro (17) 408,807 * David E. Gansberg (18) 667,337 * Fran ois Morin (19) 738,230 * Maamoun Rajeh (20) 894,657 * Christine Todd (21) 251,580 * All directors and executive officers (17 persons) (22) 11,618,680 3.3% * Denotes beneficial ownership of less than 1% 32 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT (1) Pursuant to Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, amounts shown include common shares that may be acquired by a person within 60 days of March 9, 2026. Therefore, column (B) has been computed based on (a) 356,272,841 common shares actually issued and outstanding as of March 9, 2026; and (b) solely with respect to the person whose Rule 13d-3 Percentage Ownership of common shares is being computed, common shares that may be acquired within 60 days of March 9, 2026, upon the exercise of options held only by such person. (2) Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, by The Vanguard Group ( Vanguard ). In the Schedule 13G/A, it is reported that Vanguard has shared dispositive power with respect to 1,557,574 common shares, shared voting power with respect to 465,402 common shares and sole dispositive power with respect to 39,197,068 common shares. (3) Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on November 12, 2024, by BlackRock, Inc. ( BlackRock ). In the Schedule 13G/A, it is reported that BlackRock has sole voting power with respect to 30,470,067 common shares and sole dispositive power with respect to 33,285,495 common shares. (4) Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 12, 2024, jointly by Artisan Partners Limited Partnership ( APLP ), Artisan Investments GP LLC ( Artisan Investments ), Artisan Partners Holdings LP ( Artisan Holdings ), Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. ( APAM ) and Artisan Partners Funds, Inc. ( Artisan Funds ). APLP is an investment advisor and Artisan Funds is an investment company. Artisan Holdings is the sole limited partner of APLP and the sole member of Artisan Investments. Artisan Investments is the general partner of APLP and APAM is the general partner of Artisan Holdings. The Schedule 13G/A reported that the common shares have been acquired on behalf of discretionary clients of APLP, which holds 24,894,249 common shares, including 17,459,639 common shares on behalf of Artisan Funds. In addition, the Schedule 13G/A reported that (a) APLP, Artisan Investments, Artisan Holdings and APAM each has shared voting with respect to 24,097,765 common shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 24,894,249 common shares; and (b) Artisan Funds has shared voting and dispositive power with respect to 17,459,639 common shares. (5) Based upon a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 17, 2026, jointly by Baron Capital Group, Inc. ( BCG ), BAMCO, Inc. ( BAMCO ), Baron Capital Management, Inc. ( BCM ) and Ronald Baron (collectively, the Baron Group ). In the Schedule 13G/A, the Baron Group reported that BAMCO and BCM are subsidiaries of BCG, and Ronald Baron owns a controlling interest in BCG. In addition, the Schedule 13G/A reported that (a) BCG has shared voting power with respect to 17,800,595 common shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 17,987,505 common shares; (b) BAMCO has shared voting power with respect to 16,534,087 common shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 16,720,997 common shares; (c) BCM has shared voting and shared dispositive power with respect to 1,266,508 common shares; and (d) Ronald Baron has shared voting power with respect to 17,800,595 common shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 17,987,505 common shares. (6) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect, on March 9, 2026, (a) 871,594 common shares owned directly by Mr. Papadopoulo (including 82,797 restricted shares, which were subject to vesting based solely on continued employment); (b) stock options with respect to 511,463 common shares that were exercisable on that date or within 60 days thereof; and (c) 276,858 performance restricted shares which were subject to forfeiture and reacquisition in the event that performance criteria were not met. Amounts do not include stock options with respect to 685,724 common shares that were not exercisable within 60 days of March 9, 2026. (7) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect 1,559,669 common shares owned directly by Mr. Bunce. (8) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect 10,807 common shares owned directly by Mr. Ebong. (9) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect 35,502 common shares owned directly by Ms. Goodman. (10) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect 4,615 common shares owned directly by Mr. Houston. (11) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect 32,444 common shares owned directly by Ms. Kilcoyne. (12) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect 11,731 common shares owned directly by Ms. Mallesch. (13) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect 1,966 common shares owned directly by Mr. Moczarski. (14) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect (a) 1,221,693 common shares owned by Otter Capital LLC, for which Mr. Pasquesi serves as the Managing Member; (b) 3,499,365 common shares owned indirectly by revocable trusts for which Mr. Pasquesi and his spouse are the trustees; (c) 133,706 common shares owned indirectly by a family limited partnership; and (d) 1,564 common shares owned directly by Mr. Pasquesi. In addition, 1,058,411 common shares held by Otter Capital LLC and the revocable trusts are subject to a security agreement. (15) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect 120,104 common shares owned directly by Mr. Posner. (16) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect 4,615 common shares owned directly by Mr. Triplett. (17) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect 408,807 common shares owned by trusts for which Mr. Vollaro or his spouse serve as trustees. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 33 (18) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect, on March 9, 2026, (a) 331,696 common shares owned directly by Mr. Gansberg (including 57,887 restricted shares, which were subject to vesting based solely on continued employment); (b) stock options with respect to 215,270 common shares that were exercisable on that date or within 60 days thereof; and (c) 120,371 performance restricted shares which were subject to forfeiture and reacquisition in the event that performance criteria were not met. Amounts do not include stock options with respect to 562,945 common shares that were not exercisable within 60 days of March 9, 2026. (19) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect, on March 9, 2026, (a) 298,788 common shares owned directly by Mr. Morin (including 25,600 restricted shares, which were subject to vesting based solely on continued employment); (b) stock options with respect to 353,254 common shares that were exercisable on that date or within 60 days thereof; and (c) 86,188 performance restricted shares which were subject to forfeiture and reacquisition in the event that performance criteria were not met. Amounts do not include stock options with respect to 87,775 common shares that were not exercisable within 60 days of March 9, 2026. (20) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect, on March 9, 2026, (a) 428,378 common shares owned directly by Mr. Rajeh (including 57,887 restricted shares, which were subject to vesting based solely on continued employment); (b) 40,600 common shares indirectly owned by a limited liability company of which Mr. Rajeh is the managing member; (c) stock options with respect to 305,308 common shares that were exercisable on that date or within 60 days thereof; and (d) 120,371 performance restricted shares which were subject to forfeiture and reacquisition in the event that performance criteria were not met. Amounts do not include stock options with respect to 562,945 common shares that were not exercisable within 60 days of March 9, 2026. (21) Amounts in columns (A) and (B) reflect, on March 9, 2026 (a) 100,230 common shares owned directly by Ms. Todd (including 18,239 restricted shares, which were subject to vesting based solely on continued employment); (b) stock options with respect to 81,697 common shares that were exercisable on that date or within 60 days thereof; and (c) 69,653 performance restricted shares which were subject to forfeiture and reacquisition in the event that performance criteria were not met. Amounts do not include stock options with respect to 62,685 common shares that were not exercisable within 60 days of March 9, 2026. (22) In addition to securities beneficially owned by the directors and the NEOs reflected in the table, includes an aggregate of 360,373 common shares which are beneficially owned on March 9, 2026 by other executive officers, including restricted shares which were subject to vesting based solely on continued employment, common shares issuable upon exercise of stock options that were exercisable on that date or within 60 days thereof and performance restricted shares which were subject to forfeiture and reacquisition in the event that performance criteria were not met. 34 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Preferred Shares The following table sets forth information available to us as of March 9, 2026, with respect to the ownership of our non- cumulative preferred shares by (1) each director and NEO of Arch Capital who owns such shares and (2) all of the directors and executive officers of Arch Capital as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each person named below has sole investment and voting power with respect to the securities shown. Our preferred shares are not convertible into common shares, and the holders of the preferred shares do not have any voting rights (except under certain limited circumstances). For a description of the terms of our preferred shares, please see note 21, Shareholders Equity, on pages 168-170 of the notes accompanying our consolidated financial statements included in our 2025 Annual Report. Preferred Shares Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Series F Preferred Shares Beneficially Owned Percentage of Class Owned Brian S. Posner 3,000 * All directors and executive officers (17 persons) 3,000 * Number of Series G Preferred Shares Beneficially Owned Percentage of Class Owned Brian S. Posner 5,000 * All directors and executive officers (17 persons) 5,000 * * Denotes beneficial ownership of less than 1% Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common shares, to file with the SEC initial reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership of our equity securities. To our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports filed with the SEC and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that our directors and executive officers, and greater than 10% shareholders, complied with the applicable reporting requirements of Section 16(a) during the year ended December 31, 2025 , except that, due to an inadvertent error, one Form 4 on behalf of each of Messrs. Gansberg and Petrillo for two transactions related to the withholding of shares to cover tax liabilities, which were due on February 26 and 27, 2025, were filed late on February 28, 2025. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 35 COMPENSATION ITEM 2 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION As required by Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, we are asking our shareholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the NEOs as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the Executive Compensation Tables. In deciding how to vote on this proposal, the Board encourages you to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Compensation Tables sections. We have designed our compensation programs with the intention of linking compensation and the Company s business performance and talent retention strategies as well as the long-term interests of our shareholders. We have a pay- for-performance philosophy that forms the foundation of all decisions regarding compensation of our NEOs. We are requesting shareholder approval of the compensation of our NEOs as disclosed pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Executive Compensation Tables and any related material disclosed in this Proxy Statement. This vote is not intended to address any one specific item of compensation, but instead, the overall compensation of our NEOs and the policies and practices described in this Proxy Statement. Your vote is advisory and therefore it will not be binding on the Company, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee or the Board. However, the Board and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee value the views of our shareholders and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee will take into account the outcome of the advisory vote when considering executive compensation. We have determined to include a shareholder vote on the compensation of NEOs (commonly known as a say-on-pay vote) in our Proxy Statement annually until the next required vote on the frequency of say-on-pay votes, which will be in 2029. The next say-on-pay vote accordingly will be held at the 2027 annual general meeting. Recommendation of the Board THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THIS PROPOSAL. Compensation Discussion and Analysis The Compensation Discussion and Analysis section explains our compensation philosophy, summarizes our compensation programs and reviews compensation decisions for the NEOs whose compensation information is presented in the tables following this discussion in accordance with SEC rules. NEOs for 2025 were: Name Title Nicolas Papadopoulo Chief Executive Officer and Class III Director, Arch Capital Fran ois Morin Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Arch Capital Maamoun Rajeh President, Arch Capital David E. Gansberg President, Arch Capital Christine Todd Chief Investment Officer, Arch Capital 36 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Executive Summary Another Year of Outstanding Performance In 2025, we delivered another year of strong financial results and continued to execute our strategic agenda with precision. Our ability to consistently generate superior results drives shareholder value. The Company s long-term performance is reflected in the chart below which summarizes Arch Capital s cumulative total shareholder return from December 31, 2001 to December 31, 2025. During this period, the price of Arch Capital s common shares appreciated at a compound annual rate of 16.0%, compared with a compound annual rate of return of 10.4% for the S P 500 P C Index and 9.8% for the S P 500 Index. Total Shareholder Return Common Share Performance At December 31, 2025, the closing price of our common shares was $95.92, up 3.9% in 2025 and up 15.8% on a compounded annualized basis over the past 10 years. While share valuations tend to fluctuate based on market conditions, our primary metric of value creation is book value per common share ( BVPS ) growth over time. In addition, at December 31, 2025, our common share price represented approximately 147% of our year-end 2025 BVPS, which remained healthy relative to our peers, when taking into account our business mix. For the industry, price-to-book value is viewed as an important indicator of company performance by analysts and the investment community . 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 37 Our superior returns to shareholders reflect the exceptional financial results the Company has produced over five years across most of our key drivers of value creation as illustrated in the table below. For more information on our performance, see 2025 Performance at a Glance below. 1 Year Period 3 Year Period 5 Year Period Annualized ROE 20.1 % 24.5 % 18.6 % Annualized Operating Return on Average Common Equity ( Operating ROE )* 17.1 % 19.6 % 15.4 % Total book value return per share 22.6 % 99.6 % 114.8 % Total tangible book value return per share* 24.6 % 102.6 % 115.5 % Total shareholder return per share 3.9 % 60.7 % 179.7 % * See Annex B Non-GAAP Financial Measures. Executive Compensation Program Links Executive Pay to Performance Our executive compensation program directly links pay to Company performance and aligns the interests of our executives with those of our shareholders by tying significant portions of their compensation to the Company s financial and share price performance. Historically, we have received strong support from shareholders regarding our executive compensation program and, as a result, we have maintained the same performance-based components for our executive pay program used in previous years, as summarized in this section. The performance metrics used in our executive compensation program are highly correlated with shareholder value creation and aligned with the Company s strategy. Consistent with prior years, in evaluating Company performance for our compensation programs, we focus primarily on the following financial measures: Growth in book and tangible book value per share, which creates long-term shareholder value. ROE and Operating ROE, which are key indicators of the efficient use of capital and producing an acceptable return on that capital for our shareholders. Further, a substantial portion of our NEOs compensation is tied to our share price performance and returns earned by shareholders. Equity incentives in the form of stock options, restricted shares and performance share awards account for approximately 68% of our CEO s target compensation and 54% of target compensation in the case of our other NEOs. In addition, our TSR performance relative to our industry peers is used as a modifier to calculate the final payouts for performance share awards. Our 2025 performance for the Company s key financial benchmarks is shown above under Executive Summary Another Year of Exceptional Performance. When making compensation decisions, our Compensation and Human Capital Committee considered this exceptional performance, along with the substantial contributions made by our NEOs to achieve this financial performance and our strategic goals. An overview of these achievements and resulting NEO compensation is summarized below and further described in 2025 Compensation Decisions for NEOs in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 38 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Element 2025 Financial Goal Achievement Resulting NEO Compensation Short-Term Annual Cash Incentive (STI) Based on achievement of ROE target: For 2025, our target ROE was 13.34% , and our level of goal achievement was 125.3% , resulting in a STI payout factor of 200.0% of target. Our CEO earned 200.0% of his target STI payout based on achievement of 2025 performance and his strategic goals described under 2025 Compensation Decisions for NEOs. This payout aligns with the Company s Operating ROE of 17.1% for 2025. Our other NEOs earned on average 189.8% of their target STI payout based on achievement of 2025 performance and their strategic goals described under 2025 Compensation Decisions for NEOs. Long-Term Incentive Performance Shares Based on absolute growth in tangible book value per share ( TBVPS ) over a three-year period, supplemented by a TSR modifier: Our target TBVPS growth for the 2023-2025 period was 11% per annum, the same as it was for the prior performance share cycle (2022-2024). TBVPS growth from 2023-2025 was 33.65% , resulting in goal achievement of 200% . TSR over the three-year period was 56.3% and the resulting modifier to calculate the final payout was 100% . Final payout for the performance shares granted in February 2023 for the 2023-2025 performance period was 200% . Our NEOs earned 200% of the performance shares vesting in March 2026 based on performance during the 2023-2025 period. For the 2025 Annual Long-Term Incentive Awards approved for our NEOs in March 2025, we continued to award 55% of the target value in performance shares, 25% in stock options and 20% in restricted shares. These awards strike an appropriate balance between accomplishing sustained financial performance objectives, aligning our executives interests with those of our shareholders, promoting share price growth and retaining the services of executives through three-year vesting periods. Shareholder Engagement and Results of Say-on-Pay Votes At our 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders, 84.7% of the votes cast approved the Company s executive compensation program as described in the 2025 Proxy Statement. Although the level of support was lower than our historical say-on-pay voting percentages, we believe this result was likely due to the one-time outperformance equity awards granted on an exceptional basis in connection with our leadership transition in 2024. Nonetheless, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee believes this vote was still sufficiently strong enough to indicate that shareholders generally support our executive compensation program, which aligns with shareholders interests to support long-term value creation. We continue to engage with our shareholders and have received positive feedback over the years on our executive compensation program, including the metrics used in our annual and long-term incentive plans that align with Company strategy and shareholder value creation. We remain committed to considering feedback from our shareholders on our executive compensation program and practices. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 39 Strong Link Between Pay and Performance Our executive compensation programs are designed to link pay and performance and to align the interests of our executives with those of our shareholders by tying significant portions of their compensation to the Company s financial performance and share price performance. We utilize a formulaic approach in our annual incentive plan design for our Executive Leadership Team, including our NEOs, and the majority of our long-term incentive awards for senior executives (including NEOs) are granted in the form of performance shares. CEO Target Mix of Pay Other NEOs Target Mix of Pay As illustrated above for our CEO, 77% of target compensation was performance-based and 68% consists of long-term incentives. As illustrated above for our other NEOs, 72% of target compensation was performance-based and 54% consists of long-term incentives. 40 | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 2025 Performance at a Glance 1 Excludes the effects of stock options, restricted and performance share units outstanding. 2 See Annex B Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 3 A higher GAAP combined ratio, a measure of underwriting performance, indicates a lower underwriting margin. Arch delivered record results in 2025, including $4.4 billion of net income available to Arch common shareholders ( Net Income ) and $3.7 billion of after-tax operating income. See Annex B Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information on our non-GAAP measures. Strong contributions from all three of our underwriting segments once again demonstrated the strength of the Company s diversified, global platform. In 2025, our Reinsurance segment delivered a record $1.6 billion of underwriting income, and our Insurance segment contributed $375 million of underwriting income a 27% and 9% increase from 2024, respectively. Our Mortgage 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 41 segment provided profitable diversification to our property and casualty ( P C ) operations delivering at least $1.0 billion of underwriting income for the fourth consecutive year. After several years of a sustained P C hard market, underwriting conditions softened in many lines in 2025. Despite the more competitive underwriting environment, we increased our gross premiums written by 6.4% and net premiums written ( NPW ) by 4.7% from 2024. Investable assets were $47.4 billion at the end of 2025, a 14% increase from the $41.4 billion at the end of 2024. The float generated from premiums written over the last several years led to $1.6 billion of net investment income and an additional $504 million from equity method investments. The size, strength and quality o