=== ACGL_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the other factors set forth in Arch Capital Group Ltd. s other documents on file with the SEC, and management s response to any of the aforementioned factors. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. The foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with other cautionary statements that are included herein or elsewhere. The Company s forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. ARCH CAPITAL 2 2025 FORM 10-K PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS As used in this report, references to we, us, our, Arch or the Company refer to the consolidated operations of Arch Capital Group Ltd. ( Arch Capital ) and its subsidiaries. All amounts are in millions, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted. We refer you to Item 1A Risk Factors for a discussion of risk factors relating to our business. OUR COMPANY General Arch Capital is a publicly listed Bermuda exempted company with approximately $26.9 billion in capital at December 31, 2025 and is part of the S P 500 index. Arch provides insurance, reinsurance and mortgage insurance on a worldwide basis through its wholly owned subsidiaries. While we are positioned to provide a full range of property, casualty and mortgage insurance and reinsurance lines, we focus on writing specialty lines of insurance and reinsurance. For 2025, we wrote $16.5 billion of net premiums and reported net income available to Arch common shareholders of $4.4 billion. Book value per share was $65.11 at December 31, 2025, compared to $53.11 per share at December 31, 2024. Arch Capital s registered office is located at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda (telephone number: (441) 295-1422), and its principal executive offices are located at Waterloo House, Ground Floor, 100 Pitts Bay Road, Pembroke HM 08, Bermuda (telephone number: (441) 278-9250). Arch Capital makes available free of charge through its website, located at www.archgroup.com , its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC (such as Arch Capital) and the address of that site is www.sec.gov . Arch Capital may use its website as a distribution channel of material information. Financial and other important information regarding Arch Capital is routinely posted on and accessible through its website. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following Arch Capital s press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Our History Arch Capital was formed in September 2000 and became the sole shareholder of Arch Capital Group (U.S.) Inc. ( Arch-U.S. ) pursuant to an internal reorganization transaction completed in November 2000. In October 2001, Arch Capital launched an underwriting initiative to meet current and future demand in the global insurance and reinsurance markets that included the recruitment of new management teams and an equity capital infusion of $763.2 million, which created a strong capital base that was unencumbered by significant pre-2002 risks. Since then, we have attracted a proven management team with extensive industry experience and continued to build our global underwriting platform for our insurance, reinsurance and mortgage insurance businesses. Our insurance underwriting platform initially consisted of our Bermuda and U.S. operations, followed by the establishment of our United Kingdom-based carrier, Arch Insurance (UK) Limited ( Arch Insurance (U.K.) ) in 2004 and Canadian operations in 2005. In 2009, we established a managing agency and syndicate at Lloyd s of London ( Lloyd s ) and significantly expanded our U.K. presence in 2019 through the acquisition of Barbican Group Holdings Limited ( Barbican Holdings ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, Barbican ). Our Ireland-based carrier, Arch Insurance (EU) Designated Activity Company ( Arch Insurance (EU) ) writes primarily European Union ( EU ) business with branches in Italy, Spain, France, the Netherlands and the U.K. On August 1, 2024 we expanded our U.S. middle market presence with the acquisition of Allianz s U.S. Middle Market Property and Casualty insurance business and U.S. Entertainment business, representing an important part of our growth strategy in the U.S. See Operations Insurance Operations for further details on our insurance operations. Our reinsurance underwriting platform initially consisted of Arch Reinsurance Ltd. in Bermuda ( Arch Re Bermuda ) and Arch Reinsurance Company ( Arch Re U.S. ), our U.S.-licensed reinsurer. In 2008, we commenced our European reinsurance operations with Arch Reinsurance Europe Underwriting Designated Activity Company ( Arch Re Europe ), our Ireland-headquartered reinsurance company with branches in Switzerland, the U.K. and France. Our ARCH CAPITAL 3 2025 FORM 10-K Danish underwriting agency was formed in 2007 with a focus on Accident Health business. The acquisition of Barbican in 2019 also contributed to our reinsurance operations in the London market. Our property facultative reinsurance underwriting operations write business in the U.S., Canada and Europe. In 2021, Arch Re Bermuda completed the acquisition of Somerset Bridge Group Limited, Southern Rock Holdings Limited and affiliates ( Somerset Group ). The acquisition included Somerset Group s motor insurance managing general agent, distribution capabilities through direct and aggregator channels, affiliated insurer and fully integrated claims operation. See Operations Reinsurance Operations for further details on our reinsurance operations. Our mortgage operations include U.S. and international mortgage insurance and reinsurance operations, as well as participation in government sponsored enterprise ( GSE ) credit risk-sharing transactions. The U.S. mortgage platform was established in 2014 and expanded greatly in 2016 through the acquisition of United Guaranty Corporation ( UGC ). Our U.S. primary mortgage operations provide mortgage insurance products and services to the U.S. market. These operations include providers which are approved as eligible mortgage insurers by Federal National Mortgage Association ( Fannie Mae ) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( Freddie Mac ), each a GSE. The mortgage operations also include participation in GSE credit risk-sharing transactions and direct mortgage insurance to U.S. mortgage lenders with respect to mortgages that lenders intend to retain in portfolio or include in non-agency securitizations along with mortgage insurance and reinsurance on a global basis. The majority of our European business is written through our Ireland-based carrier, Arch Insurance (EU), which was authorized in 2011 to provide mortgage insurance products and services to the European and U.K. markets. In 2019, Arch LMI Pty Ltd. ( Arch LMI ) was authorized by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority ( APRA ) to write lenders mortgage insurance ( LMI ) on a direct basis in Australia. We expanded our presence in Australia in 2021 by acquiring Westpac Lenders Mortgage Insurance Limited, another APRA-approved writer of lenders mortgage insurance, which has since been renamed Arch Lenders Mortgage Indemnity Ltd. ( Arch Indemnity ). In 2022, we converted Arch LMI into a services company for our Australian LMI operations and the company relinquished its APRA authorization. See Operations Mortgage Operations for further details on our mortgage operations. It is our belief that our underwriting platform, our experienced management team and our strong capital base have enabled us to create a diversified, specialty-focused company targeting areas where we can best apply our specialized underwriting expertise, distribution and customer capabilities. In 2014, we acquired approximately 11% of Somers Holdings Ltd. (formerly Watford Holdings Ltd.). Somers Holdings Ltd. is the parent of Somers Re Ltd. (formerly Watford Re Ltd.), a multi-line Bermuda (re)insurance company (together with Somers Holdings Ltd., Somers ). In 2021, Somers became a wholly owned subsidiary of Greysbridge Holdings Ltd. ( Greysbridge ). Arch Capital currently owns 30% of Greysbridge, with the remaining common shares held by a number of third party investors. Pursuant to the terms of the Greysbridge shareholder agreement, as amended, following the expiration of a specified period, Arch Capital has a call right (but not the obligation) and certain third party investors have put rights (but not the obligation) to purchase or sell, as applicable, a specified amount of each such investor s initial common shares on an annual basis at Greysbridge s year-end book value per share. In 2017, Arch and certain co-investors acquired approximately 25% of Premia Holdings Ltd. Premia Holdings Ltd. is the parent of Premia Reinsurance Ltd., a multi-line Bermuda reinsurance company (together with Premia Holdings Ltd., Premia ). In 2021, the Company completed the share purchase agreement with Natixis, a French financial services firm, to purchase 29.5% of the common equity of Coface SA ( Coface ), a France-based leader in the global trade credit insurance market. See Operations Other Operations for further details on Somers, Premia and Coface. The Board of Directors of Arch Capital (the Board ) has approved common share repurchase authorizations under our share repurchase program. Repurchases under the share repurchase program may be effected from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions. Since the inception of the share repurchase program in 2007 through December 31, 2025, Arch Capital has repurchased 455 million common shares for an aggregate purchase price of $7.8 billion. At December 31, 2025, the total remaining authorization under the share repurchase program was $1.1 billion. The timing and amount of the repurchase transactions under this program will depend on a variety of factors, including results of operations, market conditions and the development of the economy, as well as other factors. We will consider share repurchases on an opportunistic basis. In 2025, we repurchased approximately $1.9 billion worth of ACGL common shares. ARCH CAPITAL 4 2025 FORM 10-K OPERATIONS We classify our businesses into three underwriting segments: insurance, reinsurance and mortgage. For an analysis of our underwriting results by segment, see note 4, Segment Information, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations. Insurance Operations Our insurance operations are conducted in Bermuda, the U.S., the U.K., Europe, Canada, and Australia. Our insurance operations in Bermuda are conducted through Arch Insurance (Bermuda), a division of Arch Re Bermuda, and Alternative Re Limited. In the U.S., we focus on various specialty lines on both an admitted and non-admitted basis. Our insurance group s insurance subsidiaries are Arch Insurance Company ( Arch Insurance ), Arch Specialty Insurance Company ( Arch Specialty ), Arch Indemnity Insurance Company ( Arch Indemnity Insurance ), Arch Property Casualty Insurance Company ( Arch PC ) and Arch Wilsure Insurance Company ( Arch Wilsure ). Arch Insurance is an admitted insurer in 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam. Arch Specialty is an approved excess and surplus lines insurer in 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and an authorized insurer in one state. Arch Indemnity Insurance is an admitted insurer in 50 states and the District of Columbia. Arch PC, which is not currently writing business, is an admitted insurer in 46 states and the District of Columbia and is filing applications for admission in all remaining states where it is not yet admitted. Arch Wilsure is an admitted insurer in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Our insurance group also operates McNeil Company, Inc., a specialized risk manager and a program administrator we acquired in 2018 based in Cortland, New York. The headquarters for our insurance group s U.S. support operations (excluding underwriting units) are in Jersey City, New Jersey. The insurance group has offices throughout the U.S., including five regional offices located in Alpharetta, Georgia; Chicago, Illinois; New York, New York; San Francisco, California; Dallas, Texas and additional branch offices. On August 1, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Allianz s U.S Middle Market Property Casualty Insurance and U.S. Entertainment Property and Casualty Insurance Business ( MCE Acquisition ). This business is written by Fireman s Fund Insurance Company, an affiliate of Allianz, and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Business Entities ), in each case, relating to relevant policies with accident years 2016 and onwards (collectively, the Business ), as well as certain assets of Allianz and its affiliates related to the Business. In connection with the acquisition of the Business, the Company also entered into certain reinsurance agreements relating to the Business and the Business Entities and other agreements providing for administration and other services for the Business Entities by the Company for the applicable policies being reinsured following the closing. The acquisition of the Business is an important part of the Company s growth strategy, and provides a ballast to our existing insurance business. It further enhances the Company s capabilities in the U.S. middle markets and represents an attractive way to enter the entertainment insurance market, a new niche for us. Our insurance operations in Canada are conducted through Arch Insurance Canada Ltd. ( Arch Insurance Canada ), a Canada domestic company which is authorized in all Canadian provinces and territories. Arch Insurance Canada is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario. Arch Insurance (EU), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, received authorization from the Central Bank of Ireland ( CBI ) to expand its authorized classes of business as part of our plan to address the U.K. s departure from the EU ( Brexit ). At the end of 2020, Arch Insurance (U.K.) received court approval in the U.K. to transfer its legacy book of business written in the European Economic Area ( EEA ) to Arch Insurance (EU) under Part VII of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Starting in 2021, all of the insurance business in the EU previously written by Arch Insurance (U.K.) is now written through Arch Insurance (EU). We conduct insurance operations on several platforms in the U.K., including Arch Insurance (U.K.) and our Lloyd s syndicates: Arch Syndicate 2012 ( Arch Syndicate 2012 ) and Arch Syndicate 1955 ( Arch Syndicate 1955 and, together with Arch Syndicate 2012, our Lloyd s Syndicates ). Arch Managing Agency Limited ( AMAL ) is the managing agent of our Lloyd s Syndicates. These operations provide us access to Lloyd s extensive distribution network and worldwide licenses. AMAL also acts as managing agent for third party members of Arch Syndicate 1955. Arch Underwriting at Lloyd s (Australia) Pty Ltd, based in Sydney, Australia, is a Lloyd s services company which underwrites exclusively for our Lloyd s Syndicates. Collectively, the U.K. insurance operations are referred to as Arch U.K. Arch U.K. conducts its operations from London and other locations in the U.K. In May 2024, we completed the sale of Castel Underwriting Agencies Limited, a managing general agency in the U.K. that we acquired as part of the Barbican acquisition. ARCH CAPITAL 5 2025 FORM 10-K Strategy. Our insurance group s strategy is to operate in lines of business in which underwriting expertise can make a meaningful difference in operating results. The insurance group focuses on talent-intensive rather than labor-intensive business and seeks to operate profitably (on both a gross and net basis) across all of its product lines. To achieve these objectives, our insurance group s operating principles are to: Capitalize on profitable underwriting opportunities . Our insurance group believes that its experienced management and underwriting teams are positioned to locate and identify business with attractive risk/reward characteristics. As profitable underwriting opportunities are identified, our insurance group will continue to grow its product portfolio in order to take advantage of market trends. This includes adding underwriting and other professionals with specific expertise in specialty lines of insurance. Centralize responsibility for underwriting . Our insurance group consists of a range of product lines. The underwriting executive in charge of each product line oversees all aspects of the underwriting product development process within such product line. Our insurance group believes that centralizing control of such product line with the respective underwriting executive allows for tight management of underwriting and creates clear accountability for results. Our U.S. insurance group has five regional offices, and the executive in charge of each region is primarily responsible for all aspects of the marketing and distribution of our insurance group s products, including the management of broker and other producer relationships, in the executive s respective region. In our non-U.S. offices, a similar philosophy is observed, with responsibility for the management of each product line residing with the senior underwriting executive in charge of the relevant product line. Maintain disciplined underwriting standards using our experience and strategic analytics to drive decisions . Our insurance group s underwriting philosophy is to generate an underwriting profit through prudent risk selection and proper pricing. Our insurance group believes that the key to this approach is adherence to uniform underwriting standards across all types of business. Our insurance group s senior management closely monitors the underwriting process. This strategy is underpinned by our belief in using data and strategic analytics to assess business through hard and soft underwriting conditions. Focus on providing superior claims management . Our insurance group believes that claims handling is an integral component of credibility in the market for insurance products. We believe our ability to handle claims expeditiously and satisfactorily is a key to our success. Our insurance group employs experienced claims professionals and also utilizes experienced external claims managers (third party administrators) where appropriate. Promote and utilize an efficient distribution system . Our insurance group believes that promoting and utilizing a multi-channel distribution system provides efficient access to its broad customer base. We work with select international, national and regional retail and wholesale brokers and leading managing general agencies and program administrators, to distribute our insurance products. Grow strategic partnerships, acquire or build strategic businesses in niche areas or lines of business. Our insurance group aims to build more integrated long-term alignment with strategic partners offering superior access to niche opportunities, quality scalable businesses, or lines with reliable defensive qualities. We may grow existing partnerships or look to acquire businesses which further this strategy, such as our MCE Acquisition. Create or acquire scalable and diversified underwriting platforms which can flex depending on the underwriting cycle. Our experience as cycle managers is complemented by scalable underwriting platforms enabling us to increase or decrease our business as market conditions demand. The MCE platform enhances our U.S. focus on middle market companies using our strategic analytics capabilities and continued focus on customer solutions. We continue to focus on specialty risks as we build out a diversified platform across the insurance segment. Outside of the U.S., we are focused on continued expansion in continental Europe and optimizing opportunities in the London market. Artificial Intelligence. We employ artificial intelligence ( AI ) technology and analytics to drive data-driven decisions, streamline processes or help serve our customers and partners. The use of AI technology is vetted through our AI governance framework. Underwriting Philosophy. We seek to generate an underwriting profit based on our careful analysis across each product line that focuses on the following: risk selection; desired attachment point; limits and retention management; due diligence, including financial condition, claims history, management, and product, class and territorial exposure; ARCH CAPITAL 6 2025 FORM 10-K underwriting authority and appropriate approvals; and collaborative decision making. We employ analytic capabilities to support this philosophy. Marketing. Our insurance group s products are marketed principally through a group of licensed independent retail and wholesale brokers. Clients (insureds) are referred to our insurance group through a large number of international, national and regional brokers and captive managers who receive from the insured or insurer a set fee or brokerage commission usually equal to a percentage of gross premiums. Our insurance group may enter into contingent commission arrangements with some brokers that provide for the payment of additional commissions based on volume or profitability of business. It is the practice for the brokers and producers to make the client aware of any contingent commission arrangements that may be in place with us. We have also entered into service agreements with select international brokers that provide access to their proprietary industry analytics. In general, our insurance group has no implied or explicit commitments to accept business from any particular broker and neither brokers nor any other third parties have the authority to bind our insurance group, except in the case where underwriting authority may be delegated contractually to select program administrators. Such administrators are subject to a financial and operational due diligence review prior to any such delegation of authority and ongoing reviews and audits are carried out as deemed necessary by our insurance group to assure the continuing integrity of underwriting and related business operations. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Industry, Business and Operations We could be materially adversely affected to the extent that important third parties with whom we do business do not adequately or appropriately manage their risks, commit fraud or otherwise breach obligations owed to us. For information on major brokers, see note 18, Commitments and Contingencies Concentrations of Credit Risk, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Risk Management and Reinsurance. In the normal course of business, our insurance group may cede a portion of its premium on a quota share or excess of loss basis through treaty or facultative reinsurance agreements. Reinsurance arrangements do not relieve our insurance group from its primary obligations to insureds. Reinsurance recoverables are recorded as assets, predicated on the reinsurers ability to meet their obligations under the reinsurance agreements. If the reinsurers are unable to satisfy their obligations under the agreements, our insurance subsidiaries would be liable for such defaulted amounts. Our principal insurance subsidiaries, with oversight by a group-wide reinsurance steering committee ( RSC ), are selective with regard to reinsurers, seeking to place reinsurance with only those reinsurers which meet and maintain specific standards of established criteria for financial strength. The RSC evaluates the financial viability of its reinsurers through financial analysis, research and review of rating agencies reports and also monitors reinsurance recoverables and collateral with unauthorized reinsurers. The financial analysis includes ongoing qualitative and quantitative assessments of reinsurers, including a review of the financial stability, appropriate licensing, reputation, claims paying ability and underwriting philosophy of each reinsurer. See note 8, Reinsurance, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. For catastrophe-exposed insurance business, our insurance group seeks to limit the amount of exposure to catastrophic losses it assumes through a combination of managing aggregate limits, underwriting guidelines and reinsurance. For a discussion of our risk management policies, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates Ceded Reinsurance and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Industry, Business and Operations The failure of any of the loss limitation methods we employ could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Claims Management. Our insurance group s claims management function is performed by claims professionals, as well as experienced external claims managers (third party administrators), where appropriate. In addition to investigating, evaluating and resolving claims, members of our insurance group s claims departments work with underwriting professionals to develop products and services desired by the group s clients. ARCH CAPITAL 7 2025 FORM 10-K Reinsurance Operations Our reinsurance operations are conducted on a worldwide basis through our reinsurance subsidiaries, Arch Re Bermuda, Arch Re U.S., our Lloyd s Syndicates, and Arch Re Europe. Arch Re Bermuda is dual-licensed as a Class 4 general business insurer and Class C long-term insurer and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda. Arch Re Bermuda has been approved as a certified reinsurer, which allows reduced collateral for reinsurance ceded to such reinsurers. Arch Re Bermuda has also been approved as a reciprocal jurisdiction reinsurer, which allows ceding companies to eliminate regulatory collateral requirements for reinsurance ceded to such reinsurers and still take credit for that reinsurance. In October 2024, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Bureau of Fiscal Services ( BFS ) recognized Arch Re Bermuda as an Alien Reinsurer (except on excess risks running to the U.S.), which allows T-Listed ceding companies to eliminate regulatory collateral requirements under the U.S. Treasury rules. Arch Re U.S. is licensed or is an accredited or otherwise approved reinsurer in 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, and the provinces of Ontario and Quebec in Canada with its principal U.S. offices in Morristown, New Jersey. Treaty and facultative operations in Canada are conducted through the Canadian branch of Arch Re U.S. ( Arch Re Canada ). Arch Re U.S. is also an authorized insurer in Guam. Our property facultative reinsurance operations are conducted primarily through Arch Re U.S. The property facultative reinsurance operations have offices throughout the U.S., Canada, Europe and the U.K. Arch Re Europe, licensed and authorized as a non-life reinsurer and a life reinsurer, is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. AMAL is the managing agent for the reinsurance operations of our Lloyd s Syndicates. Arch Group Reinsurance Ltd. ( AGRL ), formed in December 2022, is a registered Class 3A general business insurer carrying on affiliated reinsurance business pursuant to the Insurance Act of 1978 of Bermuda. AGRL, a wholly owned subsidiary of Arch-U.S., was established to provide internal reinsurance covering certain U.S. lines of business. AGRL is a U.S. taxpayer through a section 953(d) voluntary election under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Strategy. Our reinsurance group s strategy is to capitalize on our financial capacity, experienced management and operational flexibility to offer multiple products through our operations. The reinsurance group s operating principles are to: Actively select and manage risks . Our reinsurance group only underwrites business that meets certain profitability criteria, and it emphasizes disciplined underwriting over premium growth. To this end, our reinsurance group maintains centralized control over reinsurance underwriting guidelines and authorities. Maintain flexibility and respond to changing market conditions . Our reinsurance group s organizational structure and philosophy allows it to take advantage of increases or changes in demand or favorable pricing trends. Our reinsurance group believes that its existing platforms, broad underwriting expertise and substantial capital facilitate adjustments to its mix of business geographically and by line and type of coverage. Our reinsurance group believes that this flexibility allows it to participate in those market opportunities that provide the greatest potential for underwriting profitability. Maintain a low cost structure. Our reinsurance group believes that maintaining tight control over its staffing level and operating primarily as a broker market reinsurer permits it to maintain low operating costs relative to its capital and premiums. Artificial Intelligence. We employ AI technology and analytics to drive data-driven decisions, streamline processes or help serve our customers and partners. The use of AI technology is vetted through our AI governance framework. Our reinsurance group writes business on both a proportional and non-proportional basis and writes both treaty and facultative business. In a proportional reinsurance arrangement (also known as pro rata reinsurance, quota share reinsurance or participating reinsurance), the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the original premiums and losses of the reinsured. The reinsurer pays the cedent a commission which is generally based on the cedent s cost of acquiring the business being reinsured (including commissions, premium taxes, assessments and miscellaneous administrative expenses) and may also include a profit factor. Non-proportional (or excess of loss) reinsurance indemnifies the reinsured against all or a specified portion of losses on underlying insurance policies in excess of a specified amount, which is called a retention. Non-proportional business is written in layers and a reinsurer or group of reinsurers accepts a band of coverage up to a specified amount. The total coverage purchased by the cedent is referred to as a program. Any liability exceeding the upper limit of the program reverts to the cedent. ARCH CAPITAL 8 2025 FORM 10-K The reinsurance group s treaty operations generally seek to write significant lines on less commoditized classes of coverage, such as specialty, property and casualty reinsurance treaties. However, with respect to other classes of coverage, such as property catastrophe and casualty clash, the reinsurance group s treaty operations participate in a relatively large number of treaties where they believe that they can underwrite and process the business efficiently. The reinsurance group s casualty facultative and property facultative underwriters write reinsurance on a facultative basis whereby they assume part of the risk under primarily single insurance contracts. Facultative reinsurance is typically purchased by ceding companies for individual risks not covered by their reinsurance treaties, for unusual risks or for amounts in excess of the limits on their reinsurance treaties. For additional information regarding the business written by the reinsurance group, please refer to note 4, Segment Information, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Underwriting Philosophy. Our reinsurance group employs a disciplined, analytical approach to underwriting reinsurance risks that is designed to specify an adequate premium for a given exposure commensurate with the amount of capital it anticipates placing at risk. A number of our reinsurance group s underwriters are also actuaries. It is our reinsurance group s belief that employing actuaries on the front-end of the underwriting process gives it an advantage in evaluating risks and constructing a high quality book of business. As part of the underwriting process, our reinsurance group typically assesses a variety of factors, including: adequacy of underlying rates for a specific class of business and territory; the reputation of the proposed cedent and the likelihood of establishing a long-term relationship with the cedent, the geographic area in which the cedent does business, together with its catastrophe exposures, and our aggregate exposures in that area; historical loss data for the cedent and, where available, for the industry as a whole in the relevant regions, in order to compare the cedent s historical loss experience to industry averages; projections of future loss frequency and severity; and the perceived financial strength of the cedent. Marketing. Our reinsurance group generally markets its reinsurance products through brokers, except our property and casualty facultative reinsurance groups, which deal directly with ceding companies along with brokers. Brokers do not have the authority to bind our reinsurance group with respect to reinsurance agreements, nor does our reinsurance group commit in advance to accept any portion of the business that brokers submit to them. Our reinsurance group generally pays brokerage fees to brokers based on negotiated percentages of the premiums written through such brokers. For information on major brokers, see note 18, Commitments and Contingencies Concentrations of Credit Risk, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Risk Management and Retrocession . Our reinsurance group currently purchases a combination of per event excess of loss, per risk excess of loss, proportional retrocessional agreements and other structures that are available in the market. Such arrangements reduce the effect of individual or aggregate losses on, and in certain cases may also increase the underwriting capacity of, our reinsurance group. Our reinsurance group will continue to evaluate its retrocessional requirements based on its net appetite for risk. See note 8, Reinsurance, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. For catastrophe exposed reinsurance business, our reinsurance group seeks to limit the amount of exposure it assumes from any one reinsured and the amount of the aggregate exposure to catastrophe losses from a single event in any one geographic zone. For a discussion of our risk management policies, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates Ceded Reinsurance and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Industry, Business and Operations The failure of any of the loss limitation methods we employ could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Claims Management. Claims management includes the receipt of initial loss reports, creation of claim files, determination of whether further investigation is required, establishment and adjustment of case reserves and payment of claims. Additionally, audits are conducted for both specific claims and overall claims procedures at the offices of selected ceding companies. Our reinsurance group makes use of outside consultants for claims work from time to time. ARCH CAPITAL 9 2025 FORM 10-K Mortgage Operations Our mortgage operations include mortgage insurance and reinsurance in the U.S. and internationally, as well as participation in GSE credit risk-sharing transactions. Our mortgage group includes direct mortgage insurance in the U.S. primarily through Arch Mortgage Insurance Company ( AMIC ), United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company ( UGRIC ), and Arch Mortgage Guaranty Company ( AMG and together with AMIC and UGRIC, Arch MI U.S. ); mortgage reinsurance primarily through Arch Re Bermuda on both a proportional and non-proportional basis globally; mortgage insurance and reinsurance in the EEA and U.K. primarily through Arch Insurance (EU), and in Australia through Arch Indemnity; and participation in various GSE credit risk-sharing products primarily through Arch Re Bermuda. In 2014, we entered the U.S. mortgage insurance marketplace, underwriting on the AMIC platform. AMIC is licensed and operates in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Guam. In December 2016, we completed the acquisition of UGC and its primary operating subsidiary, UGRIC, which is licensed and operates in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands. AMIC and UGRIC have each been approved as an eligible mortgage insurer by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, subject to maintaining certain ongoing requirements ( eligible mortgage insurer ). AMG offers direct mortgage insurance to U.S. mortgage lenders with respect to mortgages that lenders intend to retain in portfolio or include in non-agency securitizations. AMG, which is licensed in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, insures mortgages that are not intended to be sold to the GSEs, and it is therefore not approved by either GSE as an eligible mortgage insurer. In 2011, Arch Insurance (EU) was authorized by the CBI to provide mortgage insurance products and services to the European and U.K. markets. In 2019, Arch LMI was authorized by APRA to write lenders mortgage insurance. In August 2021, we acquired Arch Indemnity, which is also authorized by APRA to write lenders mortgage insurance. In 2022, we converted Arch LMI to a services company for our Australian lenders mortgage insurance operations and the company relinquished its APRA authorization. Arch LMI and Arch Indemnity are headquartered in Sydney, Australia. Following the conversion of Arch LMI, Arch Indemnity is the primary provider of direct lenders mortgage insurance and reinsurance to the Australian market. Strategy . The mortgage insurance market operates on a distinct underwriting cycle, with demand driven mainly by the housing market and general economic conditions. As a result, the creation of the mortgage group provides us with a more diverse revenue stream. Our mortgage group s strategy is to capitalize on its financial capacity, mortgage insurance technology platform, operational flexibility and experienced management to offer mortgage insurance, reinsurance and other risk-sharing products in the U.S., Europe, the U.K. and Australia. We employ AI technology and analytics to drive data-driven decisions, streamline processes or help serve our customers and partners. The use of AI technology is vetted through our AI governance framework. Our mortgage group s operating principles and goals are to: Capitalize on profitable underwriting opportunities . Our mortgage group believes that its experienced management, analytics and underwriting teams are positioned to identify and evaluate business with attractive risk/reward characteristics. Maintain a disciplined credit risk philosophy . Our mortgage group s credit risk philosophy is to generate underwriting profit through disciplined credit risk analysis and proper pricing. Our mortgage group believes that the key to this approach is maintaining discipline across all phases of the applicable housing and mortgage lending cycles. Provide superior and innovative mortgage products and services . Our mortgage group believes that it can leverage its financial capacity, experience across insurance product lines and the mortgage finance industry, and its analytics and technology to provide innovative products and superior service. The mortgage group believes that its delivery of tailored products that meet the specific, evolving needs of its customers will be a key to the group s success. Maintain our position as a leading provider of U.S. mortgage insurance business . We have been a leading provider of mortgage insurance products and services to national and regional banks and mortgage originators for most of the last decade, and this position has helped us generate significant business opportunities for Arch. Diversify revenues by capitalizing on international opportunities. With the acquisition of Arch Indemnity in Australia in 2021, and continued growth insuring and reinsuring European banks, we believe diversifying revenues on a global basis is a key operating principle. ARCH CAPITAL 10 2025 FORM 10-K Our mortgage group focuses on the following areas: Direct mortgage insurance in the United States . Under their monoline insurance licenses, each of Arch s eligible mortgage insurers may only offer private mortgage insurance covering first lien, one-to-four family residential mortgages. Nearly all of our mortgage insurance written provides first loss protection on loans originated by mortgage lenders and sold to the GSEs. Each GSE s Congressional charter generally prohibits it from purchasing a mortgage where the principal balance of the mortgage is in excess of 80% of the value of the property securing the mortgage unless the excess portion of the mortgage is protected against default by lender recourse, participation or by a qualified insurer. As a result, such high loan-to-value mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac generally are insured with private mortgage insurance. Mortgage insurance protects the insured lender, investor or GSE against loss in the event of a borrower s default. If a borrower defaults on mortgage payments, private mortgage insurance reduces, and may eliminate, losses to the insured. Private mortgage insurance may also facilitate the sale of mortgage loans in the secondary mortgage market because of the credit enhancement it provides. Our primary U.S. mortgage insurance policies predominantly cover individual loans and are effective at the time the loan is originated. We also may enter into insurance transactions with lenders and investors, under which we insure a portfolio of loans at or after origination. Although not currently a significant product, we may offer mortgage insurance on a pool basis in the future. Under pool insurance, the mortgage insurer provides coverage on a group of specified loans, typically for 100% of all contractual or policy-defined losses on every loan in the portfolio, subject to an agreed aggregate loss limit. Pool insurance may be in a first loss position with respect to loans that do not have primary mortgage insurance policies, or it may be in a second loss position, covering losses in excess of those covered by the primary mortgage insurance policy. Mortgage insurance and reinsurance in Europe and other countries where we identify profitable underwriting opportunities . Since 2011, Arch Insurance (EU) has offered mortgage insurance to European mortgage lenders in order to reduce lenders credit risk and regulatory capital requirements associated with the insured mortgages. In certain European countries, lenders purchase mortgage insurance to facilitate regulatory compliance with respect to high loan-to-value residential lending. Arch Insurance (EU) offers mortgage insurance on both a flow basis to cover new originations and through structured transactions to cover one or more portfolios of previously originated residential loans. Increasingly, Arch Insurance (EU) and Arch Re Bermuda are providing protection to European banks on significant risk transfer ( SRT ) transactions. In Australia, Arch Indemnity provides lenders mortgage insurance on a flow basis to cover new originations and offers coverage through structured transactions to cover one or more portfolios of previously originated residential loans. Reinsurance . Arch Re Bermuda provides quota share and excess of loss reinsurance covering U.S. and international mortgages. Other credit risk-sharing products . In addition to providing traditional mortgage insurance and reinsurance, we offer various credit risk-sharing products to government agencies and mortgage lenders. The GSEs have reduced their exposure to mortgage risk by shifting a portion of it to the private sector, creating opportunities for insurers to assume additional mortgage risk. Arch Re Bermuda and its affiliates have regularly participated in both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac single family and multifamily risk sharing programs since their inception over 10 years ago. In 2019, we established Arch Credit Risk Services (Bermuda) Ltd. ( Arch CRS ). Arch CRS is licensed by the Bermuda Monetary Authority ( BMA ) as an insurance agent in Bermuda. Arch CRS offers mortgage credit assessment and underwriting advisory services with respect to participation in GSE credit risk transfer transactions. ARCH CAPITAL 11 2025 FORM 10-K Underwriting Philosophy . Our mortgage group believes in a disciplined, analytical approach to underwriting mortgage risks, including forecasting delinquency and future home price movements with the goal of ensuring that premiums are adequate for the risk being insured. Experienced actuaries and statistical modelers are engaged in analytics to inform the underwriting process. As part of the underwriting process, our mortgage group typically assesses a variety of factors, including the: ability and willingness of the mortgage borrower to pay its obligations under the mortgage loan being insured; characteristics of the mortgage loan being insured and the value of the collateral securing the mortgage loan; financial strength, quality of operations and reputation of the lender originating the mortgage loan; home price trends and expected future home price movements which vary by geography; projections of future loss frequency and severity; and adequacy of premium rates. Sales and Distribution . In the U.S., we employ a sales force to directly sell mortgage insurance products and services to our customers, which include mortgage originators such as mortgage bankers, mortgage brokers, commercial banks, savings institutions, credit unions and community banks. Our largest single mortgage insurance customer in the U.S. (including branches and affiliates) accounted for 5.3% and 6.2% of our gross premiums written for the years ending December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. No other customer accounted for greater than 3.4% and 3.2% of the gross premiums written for the years ending December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The percentage of gross premiums written on our top 10 customers was 25.8% and 25.2% as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. In Europe, Bermuda and Australia, our products and services are distributed on a direct basis and through brokers. Each country represents a unique set of opportunities and challenges that require knowledge of market conditions and client needs to develop effective solutions. Risk Management . Exposure to mortgage risk is monitored globally and managed through underwriting guidelines, pricing, reinsurance, utilization of proprietary risk models, concentration limits and limits on net probable loss resulting from a severe economic downturn in the housing market. Exposure to climate risk has also been incorporated into the risk management framework of our mortgage group to monitor and manage our exposure to potential (i) losses related to the direct physical impact of extreme weather conditions or events in certain transactions; and/or (ii) adverse economic or housing market conditions caused by the physical impact of extreme weather conditions or events on a region or the financial impact of transitioning to a zero or low carbon economy on a region. Generally, mortgage insurance policies exclude direct physical losses resulting from physical damages, such as damage caused by extreme weather events, though we do have some exposure to physical damage in certain GSE credit risk transfer ( CRT ) and European SRT transactions. Additionally, we actively monitor developments in the housing market, financial regulation and public policy in the geographies where our mortgage group operates to facilitate implementation of laws, regulations and policies which support sustainable environmental behavior and mitigate the effects of climate change. For a discussion of our risk management policies, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates Ceded Reinsurance and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Industry, Business and Operations The failure of any of the loss limitation methods we employ could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Our mortgage group has ceded a portion of its premium through quota share and aggregate excess of loss reinsurance agreements which provide reinsurance coverage for delinquencies on portfolios of in-force policies issued between certain periods. See note 8, Reinsurance, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for further details. Reinsurance arrangements do not relieve our mortgage group from its primary obligations to insured parties. Reinsurance recoverables are recorded as assets, predicated on the reinsurers ability to meet their obligations under the reinsurance agreements. If the reinsurers are unable to satisfy their obligations under the agreements, our mortgage subsidiaries would be liable for such defaulted amounts. For our U.S. and Australian mortgage insurance businesses, in addition to utilizing reinsurance, we have developed proprietary risk models that simulate the maximum loss resulting from severe economic events impacting the housing market. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Catastrophic Events and Severe Economic Events. Claims Management . With respect to our direct mortgage insurance business, the claims process generally begins with notification by the insured or servicer to us of a default on an insured loan. The insured is generally required to notify us of a default after the borrower misses two consecutive monthly payments. Borrowers default for a variety of reasons, including a reduction of income, unemployment, divorce, illness, inability to manage credit, rising interest rate levels and declining home prices. Upon notice of a default, in certain cases we may coordinate with loan servicers to facilitate and enhance retention workouts on insured loans. ARCH CAPITAL 12 2025 FORM 10-K Retention workouts include payment deferral or forbearance, loan modifications and other loan repayment options, which may enable borrowers to cure mortgage defaults and retain ownership of their homes. If a retention workout is not viable for a borrower, our loss on a loan may be mitigated through a liquidation workout option, including a pre-foreclosure sale or a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. In the U.S., our master policies generally provide that within 60 days of the perfection of a primary insurance claim, we have the option of: paying the insurance coverage percentage specified in the certificate of insurance multiplied by the loss amount; in the event the property is sold pursuant to an approved prearranged sale, paying the lesser of (i) 100% of the loss amount less the proceeds of sale of the property, or (ii) the specified coverage percentage multiplied by the loss amount; or paying 100% of the loss amount in exchange for the insured s conveyance to us of good and marketable title to the property, with us then selling the property for our own account. While we select the claim settlement option that best mitigates the amount of our claim payment, in the U.S. we generally pay the coverage percentage multiplied by the loss amount. Other Operations In 2014, we and third party investors sponsored the formation of Somers. Somers is wholly owned by Greysbridge, which is currently 30% owned by Arch Capital, with the remaining balance of Greysbridge common shares held by third party investors. See note 16, Transactions with Related Parties, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for further details. Somers strategy is to combine a diversified reinsurance and insurance business with a disciplined investment strategy. Somers own management and board of directors are responsible for its results and profitability. Arch Re Bermuda has appointed three directors to serve on the ten person board of directors of Somers. In 2017, we and Kelso sponsored the formation of Premia. Premia s strategy is to reinsure or acquire companies or reserve portfolios in the non-life property and casualty insurance and reinsurance run-off market. Arch Re Bermuda and certain Arch co-investors invested $100 million and acquired approximately 25% of Premia as well as warrants to purchase additional common equity. Arch Re Bermuda is providing a quota share reinsurance treaty on certain business written by Premia, and subsidiaries of Arch Capital are providing certain administrative and support services to Premia, in each case pursuant to separate multi-year agreements. Arch has appointed two directors to serve on the seven person board of directors of Premia. In 2021, the Company completed the share purchase agreement with Natixis to purchase 29.5% of the common equity of Coface. This is a long-term, strategic investment in Coface, and fits with Arch s efforts to develop uncorrelated sources of underwriting income. Our companies share a focus on specialty underwriting where knowledge and expertise create value for our clients, and trade credit contributes to Arch s specialty-driven business model. Arch has appointed four directors to serve on the ten person board of directors of Coface. Climate Change Considerations We are taking steps to mitigate the effects of climate change in our underwriting segments. We seek to identify business opportunities associated with environmentally friendly trends and support responsible environmental behaviors. We have adopted a thermal coal policy in our global insurance operations and provide environmentally sustainable insurance solutions in certain product lines. ARCH CAPITAL 13 2025 FORM 10-K HUMAN CAPITAL We are driven by our common purpose of Enabling Possibility for our customers, our communities and our employees. This purpose is supported by our collaborative, results-driven culture which relies on our dedicated, engaged and talented people. By continuously working to offer a meaningful and engaging employee experience, we not only seek to help people perform at their best among colleagues who care, but also aim to support our strategy of delivering specialty products and innovative solutions to our customers in each of our business segments. As of February 19, 2026, we had approximately 8,000 employees globally, compared to around 7,200 last year, which directly speaks to our ability to sustain our strong and unique culture as we grow, which is a key enabler to top talent retention. We have approximately 4,300 employees in North America (U.S., Canada and Bermuda), 1,700 employees in Europe and the U.K. and 2,000 employees in the Philippines, India, Australia and the rest of the world. Our People and Culture . An important aspect of our culture is sustaining a highly engaged and talented workforce. We strive to leverage the best contributions and ideas of our employees across our Company. In 2025, our multiple employee networks provided a forum for over 1,500 employees to share ideas, build community, provide leadership opportunities for members and contribute meaningfully to business outcomes. These networks are open to all our employees, fostering deeper connections with colleagues. Talent Acquisition, Development, Rewards and Retention. Our employees are integral to the Company, and we maintain a sharp focus on enhancing the ways we attract, develop and retain our high-performing talent. Our talent acquisition approach aims to maximize our ability to find and hire top talent across multiple talent pools and proactively source pipelines of key talent. We provide career growth opportunities through a combination of on-the-job training and experience, exposure to top-notch colleagues who coach, provide feedback and mentor, and education and training programs designed to accelerate learning and applying new skills and behaviors. We offer competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits packages, including an employee share purchase plan, parental leave, contributions to retirement savings plans and programs to support employee mental and physical well-being. We recognize the financial burden of educational loans in the U.S. and have supported our employees with a student debt assistance program. We also match eligible contributions to qualified charitable organizations and employees are offered two paid volunteer time-off days per calendar year with an eligible non-profit organization. Our Arch Achieve program has recognized over 500 employees for excellence since its inception in 2009, and each recipient is awarded a cash bonus to recognize their accomplishments. We also encourage employees to continue their educational and professional development through tuition reimbursement plans. To attract the best talent to our industry, we offer internship programs and an Early Career Program with an Underwriting Track which provides participants with a robust introduction and real technical skills to build a successful career at Arch. Experienced professionals at Arch may participate in manager and leadership development programs and, for our mortgage insurance segment employees, we offer the opportunity to seek a Mortgage Bankers Association Certified Banker designation. RESERVES Reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses ( Loss Reserves ) represent estimates of what the insurer or reinsurer ultimately expects to pay on claims at a given time, based on the facts and circumstances then known, and it is probable that the ultimate liability may exceed or be less than such estimates. Even actuarially sound methods can lead to subsequent adjustments to reserves that are both significant and irregular due to the nature of the risks written. Loss Reserves are inherently subject to uncertainty. For more detail on our loss reserving process, please refer to the Loss Reserves section of Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates in Item 7, and the Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses and Short Duration Contracts sections in Item 8. Unpaid and paid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable were approximately $9.5 billion at December 31, 2025. For more detail, refer to Financial Condition, Reinsurance Recoverables section in Item 7. ARCH CAPITAL 14 2025 FORM 10-K INVESTMENTS At December 31, 2025, total investable assets held by Arch were $47.4 billion. Our current investment guidelines and approach stress preservation of capital, market liquidity and diversification of risk. Our investments are subject to market-wide risks and fluctuations, as well as to risks inherent in particular securities. While maintaining our emphasis on preservation of capital and liquidity, some investments are not readily tradable. We expect our portfolio to grow and, in the future, may expand into areas that are not part of our current investment strategy. For detail on our investments, see the Investable Assets Held by Arch section of Financial Condition in Item 7 and note 9, Investment Information, to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. RATINGS Our ability to underwrite business is affected by the quality of our claims paying ability and financial strength ratings as evaluated by independent agencies. Such ratings from third party internationally recognized statistical rating organizations or agencies are instrumental in establishing the financial security of companies in our industry. The primary users of such ratings include commercial and investment banks, policyholders, brokers, ceding companies and investors. Insurance ratings are also used by insurance and reinsurance intermediaries as important means of assessing the financial strength and quality of insurers and reinsurers, and are often an important factor in the decision by an insured or intermediary of whether to place business with a particular insurance or reinsurance provider. The financial strength ratings of our operating insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to periodic review as rating agencies evaluate us to confirm that we continue to meet their criteria for ratings they have assigned to us. Such ratings may be revised or revoked at the discretion of such agencies in response to a variety of factors, including capital adequacy, management, earnings, forms of capitalization and risk profile. A.M. Best Company ( A.M. Best ), Fitch Ratings ( Fitch ), Moody s Investors Service ( Moody s ) and Standard Poor s ( S P ) are rating agencies that have assigned financial strength and/or issuer credit ratings to Arch Capital and certain of its subsidiaries. The ratings issued on our companies by these agencies are announced publicly and are available on our website and directly from the agencies. COMPETITION The worldwide insurance markets are highly competitive. We compete with major U.S. and non-U.S. insurers and reinsurers, some of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources and longer-term relationships with insureds and brokers than us. We compete primarily on the basis of overall financial strength, ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, geographic scope of business, strength of client relationships, premiums charged, contract terms and conditions, products and services offered, speed of claims payment, reputation, employee experience and qualifications, and local presence. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Industry, Business and Operations We operate in a highly competitive environment, and we may not be able to compete successfully in our industry. In our property casualty insurance and reinsurance businesses, we compete with insurers and reinsurers that provide specialty, property, and casualty lines of insurance, including, but not limited to Allianz, American Financial Group, Inc., American International Group, Inc., Aviva plc, AXA XL, AXIS Capital Holdings Limited, Berkshire Hathaway, Inc., Chubb Limited, CNA Financial Corp., Convex Group Limited, Everest Group Ltd., Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited, Hannover R ck SE, The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., Liberty Mutual Group, Lloyd s, Markel Group Inc., Munich Re Group, PartnerRe Ltd., RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., RLI Corp., SCOR SE, Sompo International, Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd., Tokio Marine Holdings Inc., The Travelers Companies, Inc., W.R. Berkley Corp. and Zurich Insurance Group. In our mortgage business, we compete with insurers and reinsurers that provide mortgage insurance, including the U.S mortgage insurance subsidiaries of Essent Group Ltd., Enact Holdings Inc., MGIC Investment Corp., NMI Holdings Inc. and Radian Group Inc. The private mortgage insurance industry is highly competitive. Private mortgage insurers generally compete on the basis of underwriting guidelines, pricing, terms and conditions, financial strength, product and service offerings, customer relationships, reputation, the strength of management, technology, and innovation in the delivery and servicing of insurance products. Competition in this sector may increase if additional mortgage insurance providers enter the market or existing providers expand their offerings. Arch MI U.S. and other private mortgage insurers compete with federal and state government agencies that sponsor their own mortgage insurance programs. The private mortgage insurers principal government competitor is the Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ) and, to a lesser degree, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ). Future changes to the FHA program, including any reduction to premiums charged, may impact the demand for private mortgage insurance. ARCH CAPITAL 15 2025 FORM 10-K In addition, Arch MI U.S. and other private mortgage insurers increasingly compete with multi-line reinsurers and capital markets alternatives to private mortgage insurance. The GSEs continued their respective mortgage CRT programs, including the use of front and back-end transactions with multi-line reinsurers, with approximately 25 unique (re)insurers that regularly participate in transactions in addition to funded credit investors. These transactions continue to create opportunities for multi-line property casualty reinsurance groups and capital markets participants. In our non-U.S. mortgage insurance businesses, we compete with insurance subsidiaries of Helia Group Limited and QBE Insurance Group Limited in Australia as well as the Australian Government s Home Guarantee Scheme that provides coverage to participating lenders for first time homebuyers and other eligible borrowers; in Europe, our competitors on SRT transactions include approximately 10-15 highly rated multi-line (re)insurers in addition to over 30 funded credit investors. ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT General. Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) is a key element in our philosophy, strategy and culture. We employ an ERM framework that includes underwriting, reserving, investment, credit, group and operational risks. Risk appetite and exposure limits are set by our executive management team, reviewed with the Board and its committees and routinely discussed with business unit management. These limits are articulated in our risk appetite statement, which details risk appetite, tolerances and limits for each major risk category, and are integrated into our operating guidelines. Exposures are aggregated and monitored periodically by our corporate risk management team. The reporting, review and approval of risk management information is integrated into our annual planning process, capital modeling and allocation, and reinsurance purchasing strategy. Such information is reviewed at insurance business reviews, reinsurance underwriting meetings and board level committees. Risk Management Process and Procedures. The following narrative provides an overview of our risk management framework and our methodology for identifying, measuring, managing and reporting on the key risks affecting us. It outlines our approach to risk identification and assessment and provides an overview of our risk appetite and tolerance for each of the following major risks: underwriting (insurance) risk including pricing, reserving and catastrophe; investment risk including market and liquidity risks; group risk including strategic, governance, rating agency and capital market risk; credit risk; and operational risk including regulatory, cyber security, investor relations (reputational risk) and outsourcing risks. We view sustainability related risks not as standalone risks but as an integral part of our enterprise-wide risk management strategy. Consequently, evaluations of these risks are embedded throughout our risk management framework. The framework includes details of our risk philosophy and policies to address the material risks confronting us and the approach and procedures to control and or mitigate these risks. The actions and policies implemented to meet our business management and regulatory obligations form the core of this framework. We have adopted a holistic approach to risk management by analyzing risk from both a top-down and bottom-up perspective. Risk Identification and Assessment. The Finance, Investment and Risk Committee ( FIR Committee ), Audit Committee and Underwriting Oversight Committee of the Board oversee the top-down and bottom-up review of our risks. Given the nature and scale of our operations, these committees consider all aforementioned risks within the scope of the assessment. Arch Capital s Chief Risk Officer ( CRO ) assists these committees in the identification and assessment of all key risks. The CRO is responsible for maintaining Arch Capital s risk register and continually reviewing and challenging risk assessments, including the impact of emerging risks and significant business developments. Any new high-level risks or changes in inherent or residual designations are brought to the Board s or the relevant committee s attention . Risk Monitoring and Control. Arch Capital s risk management framework requires risk owners to monitor key risks on a continuous basis. The highest residual risks are actively managed by the Board and relevant committees. The remaining risks are managed and monitored at a process level by the risk owners and/or the CRO. Risk owners have ultimate responsibility for the day-to-day management of each designated risk, reporting to the CRO on the satisfactory management and control of the risk and timely escalation of significant issues that may arise in relation to that risk. The CRO is responsible for overseeing the monitoring of all risks across the business and for communicating to the relevant risk owners if she becomes aware of issues, or potential and actual breaches of risk appetite, relevant to the assigned risks. A key element of these monitoring activities is the periodic evaluation of our position relative to risk tolerances and limits approved by the Board. ARCH CAPITAL 16 2025 FORM 10-K Risk Reporting. Quarterly, the CRO compiles the results of the key risk review process into a report to the Board and relevant committees for review and discussion at their next meeting. The report includes an overview of selected key risks; a risk dashboard that depicts the status of risk limit and tolerance metrics; changes in the rating of high-level risks in the Arch Capital risk register; and summaries of our largest exposures and reinsurance recoverables. If necessary, risk management matters reviewed at the committee meetings are presented for discussion by the Board. The CRO is responsible for immediately escalating any significant risk matters to executive management, the respective Board Committee and/or the Board for approval of the required remediation. As part of our corporate governance, the Board and certain of its committees hold regular executive sessions with members of our management team. These sessions are intended to ensure an open and frank dialogue exists about various forms of risk across the organization. Implementation and Integration. We believe that an integrated approach to developing, measuring and reporting our Own Risk and Solvency Assessment ( ORSA ) is an important part of the risk management framework. The ORSA process provides the link between Arch Capital s risk profile, its board-approved risk appetite including approved risk tolerances and limits, its business strategy and its overall solvency requirements. The ORSA is the entirety of the processes and procedures employed to identify, assess, monitor, manage, and report the short and long-term risks we face or may face and to determine the capital necessary to ensure that our overall solvency needs are met at all times. The ORSA also makes the link between actual reported results and the capital assessment. The ORSA is the basis for risk reporting to the Board and its committees and acts as a mechanism to embed the risk management framework within our decision making processes and operations. The Board has delegated responsibility for supervision and oversight of the ORSA to the FIR Committee. This oversight includes regular reviews of the ORSA process and output. An ORSA report and associated recovery plan are produced at least annually, and the results of each assessment are reported to the Board. The Board actively participates in the ORSA process by steering how the assessment is performed and challenging its results. This assessment is also taken into account when formulating strategic decisions. The ORSA process and reporting are also important parts of our business strategy, tailored specifically to fit into our organizational structure and risk management system with the appropriate techniques in place to assess our overall solvency needs, taking into consideration the nature, scale and complexity of the risks inherent in the business. We also take the results of the ORSA into account within our system of governance, including long-term capital management, business planning and new product development. The results of the ORSA also contribute to various elements of our strategic decision-making including how best to optimize capital management, establish the most appropriate premium levels and decide whether to retain or transfer risks. For further discussion of our risk management policies, see the Ceded Reinsurance section of Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates in Item 7. REGULATION General Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision in the various jurisdictions in which they operate. The current material regulations under which we operate are described below. We may become subject in the future to regulation in new jurisdictions or to additional regulations in existing jurisdictions. Bermuda General. Our main Bermuda insurance operating subsidiary, Arch Re Bermuda, is dual licensed as a Class 4 general business insurer and a Class C long-term insurer and is subject to the Insurance Act 1978 of Bermuda and related regulations, as amended ( Insurance Act ). AGRL, a Class 3A general business insurer in Bermuda, is also subject to the Insurance Act. Among other matters, the Insurance Act imposes certain solvency and liquidity standards, auditing and reporting requirements, the submission of certain period examinations of its financial conditions and grants the BMA powers to supervise, investigate, require information and demand the production of documents and intervene in the affairs of insurance companies. Significant requirements include the appointment of an independent auditor, the appointment of a loss reserve specialist, the appointment of a principal representative in Bermuda, the filing of annual Statutory Financial Returns, the filing of annual financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), the filing of an annual capital and solvency return, compliance with minimum and enhanced capital requirements, compliance with certain restrictions on reductions of capital and the payment of dividends and distributions, compliance with group solvency and supervision rules, if applicable, and compliance with the Insurance Code of Conduct (relating to corporate governance, risk management and internal controls). ARCH CAPITAL 17 2025 FORM 10-K The Insurance Act provides a minimum liquidity ratio for Bermuda insurers engaged in general business, such as Arch Re Bermuda and AGRL. AGRL is required to maintain the value of its relevant assets at not less than 75% of the amount of its relevant liabilities. Arch Re Bermuda must also comply with the same minimum liquidity ratio and minimum solvency margin in respect of its general business, only. The minimum solvency margin, which varies depending on the class of the insurer, is determined as a percentage of either net reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses ( LAE ) or premiums or pursuant to a risk-based capital measure. Arch Re Bermuda and AGRL are also subject to an enhanced capital requirement ( ECR ) which is established by reference to either the Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement model ( BSCR ) or an approved internal capital model. The BSCR model is a risk-based capital model which provides a method for determining an insurer s capital requirements (statutory capital and surplus) by taking into account the risk characteristics of different aspects of the insurer s business. The BMA has established a target capital level for each Class 3A and Class 4 insurer equal to 120% of its ECR. While a Class 3A and/or Class 4 insurer is not currently required to maintain its available statutory economic capital and surplus at this level, the target capital level serves as an early warning tool for the BMA, and failure to maintain statutory capital at least equal to the target capital level will likely result in increased regulatory oversight. As a Class C insurer, Arch Re Bermuda is also required to maintain available statutory economic capital and surplus in respect of its long-term business at a level equal to or in excess of its long-term enhanced capital requirement that is established by reference to either the Class C BSCR model or an approved internal capital model. Arch Re Bermuda is prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends during any financial year if it is in breach of its general business or long-term business enhanced capital requirements, minimum solvency margins or its general business minimum liquidity ratio or if the declaration or payment of such dividends would cause such a breach. As a general business insurer, AGRL is also prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends during any financial year if it is in breach of its capital requirements, solvency margins or its minimum liquidity ratio or if the declaration or payment thereof would cause such a breach. If either Arch Re Bermuda and/or AGRL has failed to meet its minimum solvency margins or minimum liquidity ratio on the last day of any financial year, it will be prohibited, without the approval of the BMA, from declaring or paying any dividends during the next financial year. In addition, each of Arch Re Bermuda and AGRL is prohibited from declaring or paying in any financial year dividends of more than 25% of its total statutory capital and surplus (as shown on its previous financial year s statutory balance sheet) unless it files (at least seven days before payment of such dividends) with the BMA an affidavit stating that it will continue to meet the required margins. Without the approval of the BMA, each of Arch Re Bermuda and AGRL are prohibited from reducing by 15% or more its total statutory capital as set out in its previous year s financial statements and any application for such approval must include an affidavit stating that it will continue to meet the required margins. Where such an affidavit is filed, it shall be available for public inspection at the offices of the BMA. Under the Bermuda Companies Act of 1981, as amended (the Companies Act ), Arch Re Bermuda and AGRL may each declare or pay a dividend out of distributable reserves only if the company has reasonable grounds for believing that it is, or would after the payment be, able to pay its liabilities as they become due and if the realizable value of its assets would thereby not be less than its liabilities. Policyholder Priority. The Insurance Amendment (No. 2) Act 2018 amended the Insurance Act to provide for the prior payment of policyholders liabilities ahead of general unsecured creditors in the event of the liquidation or winding up of an insurer. The amendments provide inter alia that, subject to certain statutorily preferred debts, the insurance debts of an insurer must be paid in priority to all other unsecured debts of the insurer. Insurance debt is defined as a debt to which an insurer is or may become liable pursuant to an insurance contract excluding debts owed to an insurer under an insurance contract where the insurer is the person insured. Group Supervision . The BMA acts as group supervisor of our group of insurance and reinsurance companies ( Group ) and has designated Arch Re Bermuda as the designated insurer ( Designated Insurer ). As our Group supervisor, the BMA performs a number of functions including: (i) coordinating the gathering and dissemination of relevant or essential information for going concerns and emergency situations, including the dissemination of information which is of importance for the supervisory task of other competent authorities; (ii) carrying out supervisory reviews and assessments of our Group; (iii) carrying out assessments of our Group's compliance with the rules on solvency, risk concentration, intra-group transactions and good governance procedures; (iv) planning and coordinating through regular meetings held at least annually (or by other appropriate means) with other competent authorities, supervisory activities in respect of our Group; both as a going concern and in emergency situations (v) coordinating any enforcement action that may need to be taken against our Group or any Group member(s); and (vi) planning and coordinating meetings of colleges of supervisors in order to facilitate the carrying out of these functions. As Designated Insurer, Arch Re Bermuda is required to facilitate compliance by our Group with the group insurance solvency and supervision rules. ARCH CAPITAL 18 2025 FORM 10-K On an annual basis, the Group is required to file the Group statutory financial statements, a Group statutory financial return, a Group capital and solvency return, audited Group financial statements, a Group Solvency Self-Assessment ( GSSA ), and a financial condition report with the BMA. The GSSA is designed to document our perspective on the capital resources necessary to achieve our business strategies and remain solvent, and to provide the BMA with insights on our risk management, governance procedures and documentation related to this process. In addition, the Designated Insurer is required to file quarterly group financial returns with the BMA. The Group is also required to maintain available Group statutory economic capital and surplus in an amount that is at least equal to the group enhanced capital requirement ( Group ECR ) and the BMA has established a group target capital level equal to 120% of the Group ECR. On January 7, 2026, the Insurance Amendment (No. 2) Act 2025 ( IAA ) came into effect and made certain amendments to the Insurance Act designed to enhance the oversight and regulation by the BMA of insurance groups by expanding the criteria for group supervision. The amendments are designed to (i) ensure that insurance group supervision is mandatorily triggered in certain circumstances and (ii) apply a direct approach to the supervision of insurance groups by introducing provisions to allow for the designation and registration of a designated insurance holding company (being an entity that is a body corporate incorporated or formed (including by way of continuation) in Bermuda that holds participations in one or more companies where at least one of the companies is an insurer) through which supervision would be exercised. Of note, the IAA provides that shareholder controller changes and certain material change provisions of the Insurance Act affecting a designated insurance holding company will be subject to the supervisory processes that currently apply to the Designated Insurer. International Association of Insurance Supervisors ( IAIS ). The IAIS is a voluntary membership organization of insurance supervisors and regulators from more than 200 jurisdictions, including Bermuda and the U.S. states (through the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, or NAIC ). In November 2019, the IAIS adopted the Holistic Framework for Systemic Risk in the Insurance Sector ( Holistic Framework ) and the Common Framework for Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups ( ComFrame ). The Holistic Framework is an enhanced set of supervisory policy measures for macroprudential purposes, designed to mitigate systemic risk and increase resilience through a sector-wide approach. ComFrame establishes supervisory standards and guidance focusing on the effective group-wide supervision of large Internationally Active Insurance Groups ( IAIGs ). Among other things, ComFrame prescribes a risk-based, global insurance capital standard ( ICS ) for IAIGs for the purpose of creating a common framework for comparing and assessing IAIGs group-wide capital adequacy. While IAIS standards currently have no legal effect, IAIS members, including the BMA and the NAIC, are required to implement certain IAIS standards to maintain good standing and prevent retaliatory measures from other IAIS members. On that basis, IAIS members are required to implement ICS, or an alternative group-wide capital requirement that provides comparable outcomes, for IAIGs, beginning in 2025. The BMA embedded the ComFrame and the Holistic Framework standards, including the ICS, into the Bermuda commercial regulatory regime (particularly for IAIGs). The new standards aim to ensure that insurers prepare for a range of possible adverse situations ahead of any severe stress condition, including the creation and adoption of recovery plans through Arch Re Bermuda s internal governance. These standards are expected to apply to Arch Re Bermuda as a commercial insurer. Additional guidance from the BMA in relation to recovery planning is expected to be consulted and published in 2026. In 2024, the IAIS released a public register of 59 IAIGs that have been disclosed by relevant supervisors. Arch Capital was formally designated as an IAIG by the BMA, its group-wide supervisor, in 2024 and listed by the BMA on the aforementioned public register. As such, Arch is subject to international oversight coordinated by the BMA. Consultation remains ongoing between Arch Re Bermuda and the BMA on the requirements applicable to the Group under Bermuda law and in line with the proposed modifications to the BMA s prudential framework as ComFrame and the Holistic Framework develop. Fit and Proper Controllers. The BMA maintains supervision over the controllers of all Bermuda registered insurers, brokers, agents and insurance marketplace providers. For so long as the shares of Arch Capital are listed on the Nasdaq or another recognized stock exchange, any person who, directly or indirectly, becomes a holder of at least 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of our common shares must notify the BMA in writing within 45 days of becoming such a holder (or ceasing to be such a holder). The BMA may object to such a person and require the holder to reduce its holding of common shares and direct, among other things, that voting rights attaching to the common shares shall not be exercisable. ARCH CAPITAL 19 2025 FORM 10-K Economic Substance Act. In 2018, Bermuda enacted the Economic Substance Act 2018 (as amended) of Bermuda and its related regulations (together, the ES Act ). The ES Act came into force in 2019, and provides that a registered entity other than an entity which is resident for tax purposes in certain jurisdictions outside Bermuda ( non-resident entity ) that carries on as a business any one or more of the relevant activities referred to in the ES Act must comply with economic substance requirements. The list of relevant activities includes carrying on any one or more of the following activities: banking, insurance, fund management, financing, leasing, headquarters, shipping, distribution and service center, intellectual property and holding entities. Under the ES Act, if a company is engaged in one or more relevant activities , it is required to maintain a substantial economic presence in Bermuda and to comply with the economic substance requirements set forth in the ES Act. A company will comply with those economic substance requirements if it: (a) is managed and directed in Bermuda; (b) undertakes core income generating activities (as may be prescribed under the ES Act) in Bermuda in respect of the relevant activity; (c) maintains adequate physical presence in Bermuda; (d) has adequate full time employees in Bermuda with suitable qualifications; and (e) incurs adequate operating expenditure in Bermuda in relation to the relevant activity undertaken by it. Companies that are licensed under the Insurance Act and thereby carry on insurance as a relevant activity are generally considered to operate in Bermuda with adequate substance if they comply with the existing provisions of (a) the Companies Act relating to corporate governance; and (b) the Insurance Act, that are applicable to the economic substance requirements, and the Registrar will have regard to such companies compliance in his assessment of compliance with the economic substance requirements. That being said, such companies are still required to complete and file a Declaration Form, with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies and the Registrar will also have regard to the information provided in that Declaration Form in making his assessment of compliance with the ES Act. Insurance Sector Operational Cyber Risk Management Code of Conduct ( Cyber Risk Management Code of Conduct ) . The BMA implemented the Cyber Risk Management Code of Conduct in 2020 which requires all Bermuda insurers, insurance managers and intermediaries registered under the Insurance Act to comply with duties, requirements and standards established by the BMA in relation to operational cyber risk management. This requires Arch Re Bermuda to develop a cyber risk policy as part of an operational cyber risk management program and also requires the appointment of an appropriately qualified member of staff or outsourced resource to the role of Chief Information Security Officer. The cyber risk policy is to be approved by the Arch Re Bermuda board of directors at least annually. The BMA will assess Arch Re Bermuda s compliance with the Cyber Risk Management Code of Conduct in a proportionate manner relative to the nature, scale and complexity of its business. Failure to comply with the requirements of the Cyber Risk Management Code of Conduct will be taken into account by the BMA in determining whether Arch Re Bermuda is conducting its business in a sound and prudent manner as prescribed by the Insurance Act and may result in the BMA exercising its powers of intervention and investigation. Notification of Cyber Reporting Events. Every Bermuda insurer is required to notify the BMA forthwith if the insurer has knowledge, or where the insurer has reason to believe that, a Cyber Reporting Event has occurred. Within fourteen (14) days of such notification, the insurer must also furnish the BMA with a written report setting out all of the particulars of the Cyber Reporting Event that are available to it. A Cyber Reporting Event includes any act that results in the unauthorized access to, disruption, or misuse of electronic systems or information stored on such systems of an insurer, including breach of security leading to the loss or unlawful destruction or unauthorized disclosure of or access to such systems or information where there is a likelihood of an adverse impact to policyholders, clients or the insurer s insurance business, or an event that has occurred for which notice is required to be provided to a regulatory body or government agency. Personal Information Protection Act 2016. Bermuda s principal data protection and privacy legislation is the Personal Information Protection Act 2016 ( PIPA ). O n January 1, 2025, PIPA was fully implemented. PIPA applies to every organization (which includes any individual, entity or public authority) that uses personal information in Bermuda where that personal information is used by automated or other means which form, or are intended to form, part of a structured filing system. PIPA does not define privacy explicitly but rather defines personal information and sets out privacy rules for institutions to follow for the collection, use, disclosure, maintenance, retention, security and disposal of personal information. For the purposes of PIPA, personal information means any information about an identified or identifiable individual (meaning a natural person), and use or using are very broadly defined and means carrying out any operation on personal information. Personal information used by an insurer in Bermuda would include (without limitation) information relating to policyholders, employees, consultants, service providers, officers, employees, consultants or any other third party of the insurer. Our Bermuda entities are subject to PIPA requirements. ARCH CAPITAL 20 2025 FORM 10-K Corporate Income Tax Act 2023 (the Bermuda CIT Act ). On December 27, 2023, Bermuda enacted the Bermuda CIT Act. Entities subject to tax under the Bermuda CIT Act are the Bermuda constituent entities of multi-national groups. A multi-national group is defined under the Bermuda CIT Act as a group with entities in more than one jurisdiction with consolidated revenues of at least 750 million for two of the four previous fiscal years. If Bermuda constituent entities of a multi-national group are subject to tax under the Bermuda CIT Act, such tax is charged at a rate of 15% of the net income of such constituent entities (as determined in accordance with the Bermuda CIT Act, including after adjusting for any relevant foreign tax credits applicable to the Bermuda constituent entities). Starting on January 1, 2025, all Arch Bermuda operations are subject to the requirements of the Bermuda CIT Act. Beneficial Ownership Act 2025 (the BO Act ). Bermuda s new beneficial ownership framework is comprised of the BO Act, the Beneficial Ownership Regulations 2025 and related guidance notes. The BO Act received Royal Assent and subsequently came into force on November 3, 2025. The BO Act includes provisions to (a) enhance Bermuda s current beneficial ownership regime in accordance with the revised Financial Action Task Force international standards, (b) transfer the central register of beneficial ownership information ( BOI ) from the BMA to the Registrar of Companies ( RoC ), and (c) extend access to the central register to certain competent authorities and obliged entities . The BO Act applies to all legal persons (sometimes referred to herein as in scope entities ), subject to limited exceptions. Entities already in scope under the previous beneficial ownership regime are required to ensure that their beneficial ownership register is updated as necessary. Newly-in-scope entities must establish and maintain a beneficial ownership register which meets the requirements of the new regime. The only exception is for publicly listed entities on the Bermuda Stock Exchange or on an appointed stock exchange, and any subsidiary of such legal persons. All other entities which were previously exempt and 