=== ACGL_2026-02-26.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Set forth below are risk factors relating to our business. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks that we currently consider not to be material or of which we are not currently aware, and any of these risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical or anticipated results. You should carefully consider these risks along with the other information provided in this report, including our “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our accompanying consolidated financial statements, as well as the information under the heading “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” before investing in any of our securities. We may amend, supplement or add to the risk factors described below from time to time in future reports filed with the SEC. RISK FACTORS SUMMARY The following is a summary description of the material risks and uncertainties to which we may be exposed. Each of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and any such effects may be material. These and other risks are more fully described after this summary description. Risks Relating to Our Industry, Business and Operations • We operate in a highly competitive environment, and we may not be able to compete successfully in our industry. • The insurance and reinsurance industry is highly cyclical, and we may at times experience periods characterized by excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates. • The effects of inflation, trade and tariff disputes and other economic conditions impact the insurance and reinsurance industry in ways which may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Claims for natural catastrophic events could cause large losses and substantial volatility in our results of operations and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. • The impact of climate change will affect our loss limitation methods, such as the purchase of third party reinsurance and catastrophe risk modeling and risk selection in ways which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Our insurance, reinsurance and mortgage subsidiaries are subject to supervision and regulation. Changes to existing regulation and supervisory standards, or failure to comply with applicable requirements, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. • We are subject to ongoing legal and policy actions around climate change which may result in additional requirements that could prompt us to shift our risk selection and business strategy in ways which may adversely impact our results of operations. • Sanctions imposed by the U.S., U.K. and EU on Russia and Russia-related businesses have impacted certain sectors in which we write business. • Certain U.S. policies and actions have created geopolitical risks which are not possible to manage or predict, some of which may result in uncertainty in the global markets. • Our customers and policyholders may also be impacted by regulatory, technological, market or other risks relating to climate change in ways which we cannot predict with certainty and adversely impact our results of operations. • We are subject to changes in governmental, investor and societal responses to climate change and sustainability-related issues, which may result in scrutiny of our business, litigation or adverse impacts to our share price and our results of operations. • We could face unanticipated losses from increased geopolitical tensions, hostilities, war, terrorism, cyber attacks and general political instability, and these or other unanticipated losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. • Underwriting risks and reserving for losses are based on probabilities and related modeling, which are subject to inherent uncertainties. • The failure of any of the loss limitation methods we employ could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. • The availability of reinsurance, retrocessional coverage and capital market transactions to limit our exposure to risks may be limited, and counterparty credit and other risks associated with our reinsurance arrangements may result in losses which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. • We could be materially adversely affected to the extent that important third parties with whom we do business do not adequately or appropriately manage their risks, commit fraud or otherwise breach obligations owed to us. • Emerging claim and coverage issues may adversely affect our business. • Acquisitions, the addition of new lines of insurance or reinsurance business, expansion into new geographic regions and/or entering into joint ventures or partnerships expose us to risks. ARCH CAPITAL 46 2025 FORM 10-K • Our information technology systems and our pace of adoption of new technologies, including AI, may not be adequate to meet the demands of our customers or impact negatively our ability to compete with our peers. • Technology failures caused by intentional and unintentional human and non-human actions may cause material disruption in the availability of the information technology systems we use in our business. • We could be materially impacted by a cyber attack, data breach, ransomware, phishing, social engineering or other cybersecurity incident resulting in loss of business data, personal data and other confidential or secret information, a disruption in our business operations, regulatory or other legal action, and fines. • Changes in criteria used by rating agencies which may result in a downgrade in our ratings, our inability to obtain a rating or a change in capital allocation or requirements for our operating insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries may adversely affect our relationships with clients and brokers and negatively impact sales of our products. • Our ability to execute our business strategy successfully, continue to grow and innovate and offer our employees a dynamic and supportive workplace depends on the recruitment, retention and promotion of talented, agile, and resilient employees at all levels of our organization. • Our success will depend on our ability to maintain and enhance effective operating procedures and internal controls and our ERM program. • We are exposed to credit risk in certain of our business operations. • Our business is subject to laws and regulations relating to economic trade sanctions and foreign bribery laws, the violation of which could adversely affect our operations. Risks Relating to Financial Markets and Investment s • Adverse developments in the financial markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and our businesses, and may also limit our access to capital; our policyholders, reinsurers and retrocessionaires may also be affected by such developments, which could adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. • Disruption to the financial markets and weak economic conditions resulting from situations such as supply/demand imbalances, inflation and political unrest may adversely and materially impact our investments, financial condition and results of operation. • Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation may adversely affect our financial results. • The determination of the amount of current expected credit losses (“CECL”) allowances taken on our investments is highly subjective and could materially impact our results of operations or financial position. • Our reinsurance subsidiaries may be required to provide collateral to ceding companies, by applicable regulators, their contracts or other commercial considerations. Their ability to conduct business could be significantly and negatively affected if they are unable to do so. Risks Relating to Our Mortgage Operations • The ultimate performance of our mortgage insurance portfolios remains uncertain. • If the volume of low down payment mortgage originations declines, or if other government housing policies, practices or regulations change, the amount of mortgage insurance we write in the U.S. or Australia could decline, which would reduce our mortgage insurance revenues. • Changes to the role of the GSEs in the U.S. housing market or to GSE eligibility requirements for mortgage insurers or to the GSEs’ use of CRT could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition or reduce our operating flexibility. • The implementation of the Basel III Capital Accord and FHFA’s Enterprise Regulatory Capital Framework may adversely affect the use of mortgage insurance and SRT and CRT opportunities. Risks Relating to Our Company • Some of the provisions of our bye-laws and our shareholders agreement may have the effect of hindering, delaying or preventing third party takeovers or changes in management initiated by shareholders. These provisions may also prevent our shareholders from receiving premium prices for their shares in an unsolicited takeover. • There are regulatory limitations on the ownership and transfer of our common shares. • Arch Capital is a holding company and is dependent on dividends and other distributions from its operating subsidiaries. • General market conditions and unpredictable factors could adversely affect market prices for our outstanding preferred shares. • Dividends on our preferred shares are non-cumulative. • Our preferred shares are equity and are subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness. • The voting rights of holders of our preferred shares are limited. Risks Relating to Taxation • We are subject to increased taxation in Bermuda as a result of the Bermuda CIT Act, effective January 1, 2025 and may become subject to increased taxation in other countries as a result of the implementation of the OECD's plan on “Base Erosion and Profit Shifting.” ARCH CAPITAL 47 2025 FORM 10-K Risks Relating to Our Industry, Business and Operations We operate in a highly competitive environment, and we may not be able to compete successfully in our industry. The insurance and reinsurance industry is highly competitive. We compete on an international and regional basis with major U.S. and non-U.S. insurers and reinsurers, many of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources than we do. See “Competition” in Item 1 for details on our competitors in each of the major segments we operate in. We compete on the basis of product offerings, pricing, terms and conditions, claims servicing and customer relationships. Other factors, such as our proven cycle management skills, our expertise in specialty lines of business and our use of technologies and data analytics are other factors, may differentiate us from our competitors. Any failure by us to effectively compete could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The insurance and reinsurance industry is highly cyclical, and we may at times experience periods characterized by excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates. Historically, insurers and reinsurers have experienced significant fluctuations in operating results due to competition, frequency of occurrence or severity of catastrophic events, levels of capacity, general economic conditions, inflation, changes in equity, debt and other investment markets, changes in legislation, case law and prevailing concepts of liability and other factors. Demand for reinsurance is influenced significantly by the underwriting results of primary insurers and prevailing general economic conditions. The supply of insurance and reinsurance is related to prevailing prices and levels of surplus capacity that, in turn, may fluctuate in response to changes in rates of return being realized in the insurance and reinsurance industry on both underwriting and investment sides. As a result, the insurance and reinsurance business historically has been a cyclical industry characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excessive underwriting capacity as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted favorable premium levels and changes in terms and conditions. The supply of insurance and reinsurance is increasing, either as a result of capital provided by new entrants or by the commitment of additional capital by existing insurers or reinsurers. Continued increases in the supply of insurance and reinsurance may have consequences for us, including fewer contracts written, lower New Insurance Written (“NIW”), lower premium rates, increased expenses for customer acquisition and retention, and less favorable policy terms and conditions. The effects of inflation, trade and tariff disputes and other economic conditions impact the insurance and reinsurance industry in ways which may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. While general economic inflation has eased in recent quarters, higher inflationary conditions may continue to remain in place. The potential also exists, after a catastrophe loss or geopolitical hostilities for the development of inflationary pressures in a local or regional economy. This may have a material effect on the adequacy of our reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses, especially in longer-tailed lines of business. In addition, governmental actions in response to inflationary pressures, such as increasing interest rates, may have a material impact, such as on the market value of our investment portfolio, or on the size of the mortgage origination market available to be insured by our mortgage business. While we consider the anticipated effects of inflation in our pricing models, reserving processes and exposure management across all lines of business and types of loss including natural catastrophe events, the actual effects of inflation on our results cannot be accurately known until claims are settled. In addition, there are different types of inflation relevant to certain lines of business, the impact of which is difficult to accurately assess at this time. For example, in our mortgage business, the failure of general wages to keep pace with economic inflation, or increases in unemployment due to prolonged recessionary conditions, could prevent borrowers from being able to afford their mortgage payments and thereby increase the frequency of claims beyond our modeled results. Global recessionary conditions, including inflation, the slow recovery of certain sectors from the pandemic, predicted slow growth rates across key markets and other factors, will impact the insurance and reinsurance industry. While our business has not been directly impacted by the existing and proposed Trump administration tariffs on imported goods, there may be a ripple effect on how these impact certain industries where we provide insurance or reinsurance. It is too early to determine the long-term effect, if any, of the Trump administration tariff policy, but sustained escalation of tariffs and trade disputes may result in a global economic slowdown which impacts us and our clients. ARCH CAPITAL 48 2025 FORM 10-K Claims for natural catastrophic events could cause large losses and substantial volatility in our results of operations and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. We have large aggregate exposures to natural catastrophic events. Natural catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, floods, wildfires, tsunamis, windstorms, earthquakes, hailstorms, tornadoes, severe winter weather, fires, droughts and other natural disasters. The frequency and severity of natural catastrophe activity has also been greater in recent years due to climate change caused in part by human actions and other related factors. Catastrophes can cause losses in non-property business such as workers’ compensation or general liability. In addition to the nature of the property business, we believe that economic and geographic trends affecting insured property, including inflation, property value appreciation and geographic concentration tend to generally increase the size of losses from catastrophic events over time. Actual losses from future catastrophic events have varied materially from estimates due to the inherent uncertainties in making such determinations resulting from several factors, including the potential inaccuracies and inadequacies in the data provided by clients, brokers and ceding companies, the modeling techniques and the application of such techniques, the contingent nature of business interruption exposures, the effects of any resultant demand surge on claims activity and attendant coverage issues. In estimating our losses from catastrophic events our considerations can include factors such as overall market losses, additional claims information from our clients, multiple model views and proprietary scenario testing. All of the catastrophe modeling tools that we use or rely on to evaluate our catastrophe exposures are therefore based on significant assumptions and judgments and are subject to error and misestimation. As a result, our estimated exposures could be materially different than our actual results. The impact of climate change will affect our loss limitation methods, such as the purchase of third party reinsurance and catastrophe risk modeling and risk selection in ways which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changing weather patterns and climatic conditions, such as global warming, have added to the unpredictability, severity and frequency of natural disasters. Uncertainty about complexities of climate change affects our ability to assess with certainty the full impact of climate change and creates uncertainty about future trends and exposures. Although the loss experience of catastrophe insurers and reinsurers has historically been characterized as low frequency, climate change has impacted the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural catastrophes such as hurricanes, tornado activity, other windstorms, floods, wildfires and droughts in recent years and may continue to increase in the future. Claims for catastrophic events, or an unusual frequency of smaller losses in a particular period, could expose us to large losses, cause substantial volatility in our results of operations and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to write new business if we are not able to adequately assess and reserve for the increased frequency and severity of catastrophes resulting from these environmental factors. Climate change and increasing catastrophic events could increase property damage to residential real estate secured by mortgages owned by the GSEs, and by extension could increase losses to CRT investors. Increasing catastrophic events could increase the cost of homeowners insurance and could negatively impact mortgagees’ ability to meet their monthly housing payment obligations, and by extension could increase the frequency of claims. Additionally, climate change may make modeled outcomes less certain or produce new, non-modeled risks. Catastrophic events could result in increased credit exposure to reinsurers and other counterparties we transact business with, declines in the value of investments we hold and significant disruptions to our physical infrastructure, systems and operations. Climate change-related risks may also specifically adversely impact the value of the securities that we hold. Changes in security asset prices may impact the value of our fixed income, real estate and commercial mortgage investments, resulting in realized or unrealized losses on our invested assets. These risks are not limited to, but can include: (i) changes in supply/demand characteristics for fossil fuels ( e.g. , coal, oil, natural gas); (ii) advances in low-carbon technology and renewable energy development; and (iii) effects of extreme weather events on the physical and operational exposure of industries and issuers, and the transition that these companies make towards addressing climate risk in their own businesses. We attempt to manage our exposure to these risks relating to climate change through the use of underwriting controls, proprietary and third party risk models, and the purchase of third party reinsurance. Underwriting controls can include more restrictive underwriting criteria such as higher premiums and deductibles, reduction in limits offered or losses retained, and more specifically excluded policy risks. Our exposure in connection with a catastrophic event is determined by market capacity, pricing conditions, regulatory capital requirements, our perceptions of underlying risk and surplus preservation. There can be no assurance that our reinsurance coverage and other measures taken will be sufficient to mitigate losses resulting from one or more catastrophic events. As a result, the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events and the ARCH CAPITAL 49 2025 FORM 10-K continuation and worsening of recent trends could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our insurance, reinsurance and mortgage subsidiaries are subject to supervision and regulation. Changes to existing regulation and supervisory standards, or failure to comply with applicable requirements, could adversely affect our business and results of operation. Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business globally and are subject to varying degrees of regulation in the various jurisdictions in which they conduct business, including by state, federal and national insurance regulators. In August 2024, we were added to the list of IAIGs, subjecting our global operations to additional regulation and scrutiny. The purpose of insurance laws and regulations generally is to protect policyholders and ceding insurance companies, not our shareholders. See “Regulation” in Item 1. We may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain appropriate exemptions from, these statutes and regulations, which could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business and could subject us to fines and other sanctions. Local and regulatory authorities also may seek to exercise their supervisory or enforcement authority in new or more extensive ways, such as imposing increased capital requirements or limiting or impeding the oversight that we are able to exercise over our subsidiaries. Additionally, it is possible that requirements or guidance under one jurisdiction may be contradictory or divergent from requirements or guidance in other jurisdictions where we operate. Examples include disclosure requirements relating to climate change and sustainability. Regulatory fragmentation could affect the competitive market, how we are regulated and the way we conduct our business and manage our capital and could result in lower revenues and higher costs. As a result, such actions could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to ongoing legal and policy actions around climate change which may result in additional requirements which could prompt us to shift our risk selection and business strategy in ways which may adversely impact our results of operations. Governments, regulators, legislators and influential non-governmental organizations (“NGOs”) continue to develop laws, regulations and other requirements related to climate change. Regulatory and shareholder scrutiny of potential “greenwashing” also continues. We are subject to these evolving and often unpredictable requirements and policy debates, which are difficult to forecast or quantify and may adversely affect our business. Legislative or regulatory actions, as well as court decisions following major catastrophes, could require broader insurance coverage or otherwise negatively impact our operations. In addition, climate‑related regulatory changes or our own strategic responses to climate risks could increase our operating costs or reduce premiums in certain business lines. We are subject to CSRD and other EU and U.K. climate‑related disclosure regulations, which require more extensive reporting than current U.S. rules. Proposed changes by the European Commission may further affect our obligations. We cannot predict how these or other evolving sustainability requirements across our jurisdictions will impact our operations, customers or shareholders. Our efforts to address these risks rely on loss‑mitigation measures, risk modeling, operating results and engagement with customers and shareholders. We continue to monitor industry and geographic developments, and our Board regularly considers these exposures. Although we may take strategic actions in response to legal and policy changes, there is no assurance these actions will fully address the risks or avoid material adverse effects on our results, financial condition or share price. ARCH CAPITAL 50 2025 FORM 10-K Sanctions imposed by the U.S., U.K. and EU on Russia and Russia-related businesses have impacted certain sectors in which we write business. The ongoing Russia-Ukraine hostilities have created disruptions in certain sectors of the global economy. It is impossible to predict whether Russia will expand hostilities to other countries in Europe or elsewhere. The prolonged war has impacted the global energy sector and resulted in general increase in risks worldwide. Additionally, certain lines of business we write have been impacted by sanctions, such as the marine and energy lines of business, although the extent of the impact will depend on the outcome of the war in Ukraine and the nature of future sanctions packages. It is possible that the U.S. approach to Russian sanctions may diverge from that of the U.K. and EU in the future, which may cause uncertainty in certain lines of business such as marine and energy. Certain U.S. policies and actions have created geopolitical risks which are not possible to manage or predict, some of which may result in uncertainty in the global markets. Recent U.S. policies and actions, such as actions relating to Venezuela and Greenland, may jeopardize certain global alliances and create geopolitical uncertainty. While the long-term impact of these policies is currently unknown, these policies and other geopolitical tensions have resulted in, or could result in, volatile global capital markets, sanctions, trade restrictions and harm countries’ relationships. Our customers and policyholders may also be impacted by regulatory, technological, market or other risks relating to climate change in ways which we cannot predict with certainty and adversely impact our results of operations. Our policyholders and customers are located primarily in countries and regions, such as the U.S., U.K., EU and Australia where there are regulatory, policy, legal and technological changes resulting from actions relating to climate change. In some cases, those policyholders and customers may not be able to shift their business strategies or adjust adequately to these changes, and their businesses may be negatively impacted or, in some cases, cease to exist. Climate change on a global and regional level may impact businesses on a temporary or permanent basis, resulting in shifting needs for our products and services in ways we cannot predict. More stringent regulations and other requirements imposed on our policyholders may negatively impact their ability to conduct business. As a result of these factors, our results of operations may be impacted by the loss of those customers or a shift in their patterns or levels of insurance coverage in ways we cannot predict. We are subject to changes in governmental, investor and societal responses to climate change and sustainability-related issues, which may result in scrutiny of our business, litigation or adverse impacts to our share price and our results of operations. Shareholders, investors and regulators have historically focused on climate and sustainability matters, leading to evolving and sometimes conflicting expectations and standards. Our leadership and Board assess these issues and evaluate where incorporating sustainability practices is appropriate for our business. Changes to governmental, investor and societal priorities could adversely impact our reputation, share price and results of operation or result in litigation. We could face unanticipated losses from increased geopolitical tensions, hostilities, war, terrorism, cyber attacks, and general political instability, and these or other unanticipated losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We have substantial exposure to unexpected, large losses resulting from man-made catastrophic events, such as acts of war, regional hostilities, acts of terrorism, political instability, social unrest, cyber attacks and pandemics similar to the COVID-19 pandemic. These risks are inherently unpredictable. It is difficult to predict the timing of such events with statistical certainty or estimate the amount of loss any given occurrence will generate. In certain instances, we specifically insure and reinsure risks resulting from acts of terrorism. We may also insure against risk related to cybersecurity and cyber attacks. In addition, our exposure to cyber attacks includes exposure to ‘silent cyber’ risks, meaning risks and potential losses associated with policies where cyber risk is not specifically included nor excluded in the policies. Even in cases where we attempt to exclude losses from terrorism, cybersecurity and certain other similar 

=== ACGL_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There were no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. ARCH CAPITAL 57 2026 FIRST QUARTER FORM 10-Q Table of Contents ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Issuer’s Repurchases of Equity Securities The following table summarizes our purchases of common shares for the 2026 first quarter: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plan or Programs ($000’s) (2) 1/1/2026-1/31/2026 3,615,796 $ 92.76 3,615,228 $ 771,717 2/1/2026-2/28/2026 990,885 $ 97.89 859,811 $ 687,792 3/1/2026-3/31/2026 4,022,334 $ 94.59 3,853,776 $ 323,995 Total 8,629,015 $ 94.20 8,328,815 (1) This column represents (in whole shares) open market share repurchases, including an aggregate of 568 shares, 131,074 shares and 168,558 shares repurchased by Arch Capital during January, February and March, respectively, other than through publicly announced plans or programs. We repurchased these shares from employees in order to facilitate the payment of withholding taxes on restricted and performance shares granted and the exercise of stock appreciation rights, in each case at their fair value as determined by reference to the closing price of our common shares on the day the restricted shares vested or the stock appreciation rights were exercised. (2) This column represents the remaining approximate dollar amount available at the end of each applicable period under Arch Capital’s repurchase authorization. On April 19, 2026, the Company increased its authorization for its existing share repurchase program by $3.0 billion, and having no expiration date. Repurchases may be effected from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933). ARCH CAPITAL 58 2026 FIRST QUARTER FORM 10-Q Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Original Number Date Filed Filed Herewith 10.1 Retirement Letter, dated as of March 10, 2026, between Arch Capital Group Ltd. and John Vollaro† X 10.2 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for Named Executive Officers and certain Executive Officers of ACGL and subsidiaries under the Amended and Restated Long Term Incentive and Share Award Plan† X 10.3 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Named Executive Officers and certain Executive Officers of ACGL and subsidiaries under the Amended and Restated Long Term Incentive and Share Award Plan† X 10.4 Form of Performance Restricted Share Agreement for Named Executive Officers and certain Executive Officers of ACGL and subsidiaries under the Amended and Restated Long Term Incentive and Share Award Plan† X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) † Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement ARCH CAPITAL 59 2026 FIRST QUARTER FORM 10-Q Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. (REGISTRANT) /s/ Nicolas Papadopoulo Date: May 5, 2026 Nicolas Papadopoulo Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ François Morin Date: May 5, 2026 François Morin Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) and Treasurer ARCH CAPITAL 60 2026 FIRST QUARTER FORM 10-Q 