=== LMT_2026-01-29.htm.gz ===
Item 1A - Risk Factors for a discussion of risks related to the F-35 program. In addition to the aircraft programs above, Aeronautics is involved in advanced development programs incorporating innovative design and rapid prototype applications. Our Advanced Development Programs (ADP) organization, also known as Skunk Works , is focused on future systems, including unmanned and manned aerial systems and next generation capabilities 3 Table of Contents for air dominance, hypersonics, intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, situational awareness and air mobility. We continue to explore technology advancement and insertion into our existing aircraft. We also are involved in numerous network-enabled activities that allow separate systems to work together to increase effectiveness and we continue to invest in new technologies to maintain and enhance competitiveness in military aircraft design, development and production. Missiles and Fire Control MFC provides air and missile defense systems; tactical missiles and precision strike weapon systems; logistics; fire control systems; and mission operations support, readiness, engineering support and integration services. MFC also has contracts with the U.S. Government for various classified programs. MFC s major programs include: The Patriot Advanced Capability-3 (PAC-3) and Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) air and missile defense programs. PAC-3 is an advanced defensive missile for the U.S. Army and international customers designed to intercept and eliminate incoming airborne threats using kinetic energy. THAAD is a transportable defensive missile system for the U.S. Government and international customers designed to engage targets both within and outside of the Earth s atmosphere. The Multiple Launch Rocket System (MLRS), Precision Strike Missile (PrSM), Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile (JASSM), Long Range Anti-Ship Missile (LRASM), Hellfire and Joint Air-to-Ground Missile (JAGM) tactical and strike missile programs. MLRS is a highly mobile, automatic system that fires surface-to-surface rockets and missiles from the M270 and High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS) platforms produced for the U.S. Army and international customers and PrSM is the next generation of precision strike surface-to-surface weapon systems that is compatible with the MLRS family of launchers in support of the U.S. Army. JASSM is an air-to-ground missile launched from fixed-wing aircraft, which is produced for the U.S. Air Force and international customers. LRASM is a precision guided anti-ship missile derived from JASSM and designed to interdict a variety of surface threats at very long range and produced for the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy, and international customers. Hellfire and JAGM are air-to-ground missile used on rotary and fixed-wing aircraft, which is produced for the U.S. Army, Navy, Marine Corps and international customers. The Javelin program, which is a one-person portable and platform-employable anti-tank and multi-target precision weapon system. Javelin was developed and is currently produced for the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps by a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and RTX Corporation. The Apache fire control system, Sniper Advanced Targeting Pod (SNIPER ) and Infrared Search and Track (IRST21 ) sensors and global sustainment programs. The Apache fire control system provides weapons-targeting capability for the Apache helicopter for the U.S. Army and international customers. SNIPER is a targeting system for several fixed-wing aircraft and is produced for the U.S. Air Force and international customers. IRST21 provides long-range infrared detection and tracking of airborne threats and is used on several fixed-wing aircraft. IRST21 is produced for the U.S. Air Force, the U.S. Navy, the National Guard and international customers. The Special Operations Forces Global Logistics Support Services (SOF GLSS) program, which provides logistics support services to the special operations forces of the U.S. military. Hypersonics programs, which include several programs with the U.S. Air Force and U.S. Army to design, develop and build hypersonic strike weapons. Rotary and Mission Systems RMS designs, manufactures, services and supports various military and commercial helicopters, sea- and land-based missile defense systems, radar systems, laser systems, sea- and air-based mission and combat systems, command and control mission solutions, cyber solutions, simulation and training solutions, and services and supports surface ships. RMS also has contracts with the U.S. Government for various classified programs. RMS major lines of business include: Sikorsky helicopter programs such as those related to the Black Hawk, Seahawk and CH-53K King Stallion heavy lift helicopters, which are in service with U.S. and foreign governments, and the Combat Rescue Helicopter (CRH) utilized by the U.S. Air Force. Integrated warfare systems and sensors (IWSS) programs such as Aegis Combat System (Aegis) programs that serve as an air and missile defense system for the U.S. Navy and international customers and are also a sea and land-based element of the U.S. missile defense system, and the Littoral Combat Ship (LCS), Multi-Mission Surface Combatant (MMSC), and River-Class Destroyer (RCD) (formerly known as Canadian Surface Combatant) programs to provide surface combatant ships for the U.S. Navy and international customers that are designed to operate in shallow waters and the open ocean. Command, control, communications, computers, cyber, combat systems, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (C6ISR) programs such as the Command, Control, Battle Management and Communications (C2BMC) program to provide an air operations center for the Ballistic Missile Defense System for the U.S. Government, undersea combat systems programs largely serving the U.S. Navy, and Australia's Joint Air Battle Management System (AIR 6500). 4 Table of Contents Training, logistics and simulation (TLS) programs such as those providing sustainment services and programs that provide simulators and associated training to U.S. military and foreign government customers. Effective January 2026, the IWSS and C6ISR lines of business within RMS were restructured and renamed Sensors, Effectors Mission Systems (SEMS) and Mission Integrated Command and Control (MIC2). This includes realignment of various programs, such as Aegis and RCD moving from what was historically IWSS to MIC2, which more closely aligns with C6ISR. SEMS and MIC2 will therefore incorporate an updated mix of existing program portfolios designed to accelerate mission focused solutions and enhance our customers experience. Space Space is engaged in the research and design, development, engineering and production of satellites, space transportation systems, and strategic, advanced strike, and defensive systems. Space provides network-enabled situational awareness and integrates complex space and ground global systems to help our customers gather, analyze and securely distribute critical intelligence data. Space is also responsible for various classified systems and services in support of vital national security systems. Space s major programs include: The Trident II D5 Fleet Ballistic Missile (FBM), a program with the U.S. Navy for the only submarine-launched intercontinental ballistic missile currently in production in the U.S. The Next Generation Overhead Persistent Infrared (Next Gen OPIR) system, which provides the U.S. Space Force with enhanced worldwide missile warning capabilities. Next Generation Interceptor (NGI), a program with the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) utilizing next generation propulsion and sensors to provide homeland missile defense. The Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle (Orion), NASA s next generation exploration-class crewed vehicle for human exploration to the Moon and throughout the solar system. Global Positioning System (GPS) III, a program to modernize the GPS satellite system for the U.S. Space Force. Hypersonics programs, which include several programs with the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy to design, develop and build hypersonic strike weapons. The Transport and Tracking Layer programs, multiple tranches of small satellites to support the proliferated space architecture, with constellations of missile warning and communications satellites for the Space Development Agency. Intellectual Property We routinely apply for and own a substantial number of U.S. and foreign patents and trademarks related to the products and services we provide. We also develop and own other intellectual property, including copyrights, trade secrets and research, development and engineering know-how, that contributes significantly to our business. In addition, we license intellectual property to and from third parties. The Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) provide the U.S. Government certain rights in intellectual property, including patents, developed by us and our subcontractors and suppliers in performance of government contracts or with government funding. The U.S. Government may use or authorize others, including competitors, to use such intellectual property. See the discussion of matters related to our intellectual property in Item 1A - Risk Factors. Non-U.S. governments also may have certain rights in patents and other intellectual property developed in performance of our contracts for them. Although our intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to the operation of our business, we do not believe that any existing patent, license or other intellectual property right is of such importance that its loss or termination would have a material adverse effect on our business taken as a whole. Research and Development We conduct research and development (R D) activities using our own funds (referred to as company-funded or independent R D (IR D)) and under contractual arrangements with our customers (referred to as customer-funded R D) to enhance existing products and services and to develop future technologies. R D costs include basic research, applied research, concept formulation studies, design, development, and related test activities. See Note 1 Organization and Significant Accounting Policies (under the caption Research and development and similar costs ) included in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Raw Materials, Suppliers and Seasonality Some of our products require relatively scarce raw materials, such as rare earth minerals. Other important materials and components, on which certain of our products rely, include aluminum, titanium, specialty steel, carbon fiber and advanced microelectronics, such as semiconductors. We rely on other companies to provide materials, components and products and to 5 Table of Contents perform a portion of the services that are provided to our customers under the terms of most of our contracts. Although long-term agreements have historically helped enable a continued supply of these materials, supply chain challenges, supplier disputes, regulatory restrictions, and inflationary pressures have resulted in certain parts shortages, extended lead times and pricing escalations affecting certain sources of supply. We are working with U.S. Government, customers and suppliers on phase-in of regulatory requirements for transitioning the supply chains for rare earth minerals and magnets to secure and compliant sources. The current availability of sources of supply meeting regulatory requirements and the ability to ensure compliance down to the mining level within the timeframes required by the regulations are challenges we continue to work with our multi-tier supplier base. At the same time, we are focused on minimizing the impact of these supply chain challenges on our programs. However, many of the challenges are industry wide or caused by geopolitical events and general economic conditions that are outside of our control. These supplier disruptions have resulted in delays and increased costs and have adversely affected our program performance and operating results. These dynamics are expected to continue in 2026. For more information on the risks related to our suppliers and raw materials, see Item 1A - Risk Factors. No material portion of our business is considered to be seasonal. Various factors, however, can affect the distribution of our sales between accounting periods, including the timing of government awards, the availability of government funding, product deliveries and customer acceptance. Human Capital Due to the specialized nature of our business, our performance depends on identifying, attracting, developing, motivating and retaining a highly skilled workforce with the requisite skills and, in many cases, security clearances, in multiple areas, including engineering, science, manufacturing, information technology, cybersecurity, business development and strategy and management. Our human capital management strategy, which we refer to as our people strategy, tightly aligns to our business needs and technology strategy. In 2025, it focused on continuing to accelerate the transformation of our workforce management technology through investments in upgraded systems and processes, increasing our ability to meet the quickly changing needs of our business, and maintaining a working environment and culture that is supportive of all employees and reflects our core value of Respect Others. We structure our people strategy and its implementation to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject as a federal government contractor. As of December 31, 2025, we had a highly skilled workforce made up of approximately 123,000 employees, including approximately 72,000 engineers, scientists and information technology professionals. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 93% of our workforce was located in the U.S. and approximately 19% of our employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements with various unions. A number of our existing collective bargaining agreements expire in any given year. Historically, we have been successful in renegotiating expiring agreements without any material disruption of operating activities, and management considers employee and union relations to be good. This has continued to be the case in 2025. We strive to hire, develop and retain the top talent in the industry. During 2025, we hired nearly 10,800 new employees into Lockheed Martin, nearly 1,500 of which were college hires. In addition to the 10,800, we created internship opportunities for an additional 2,000 students. Our early career strategy, to include partnerships with universities and college internship roles, is an integral part of developing the full breadth of our talent pipelines, particularly in technical fields and critical skills areas. We seek to access the broadest possible pool of talent to enable us to meet our hiring needs. Employee satisfaction is essential to attracting and retaining top talent, and we regularly conduct employee engagement surveys to gauge employee satisfaction and to understand the effectiveness of our people strategy and assess employees intent to stay. We attract and reward our employees by providing market competitive compensation and benefits, including incentives and recognition plans that extend to non-represented employees of all levels in our organization and encourage excellence through our pay-for-performance philosophy. We have a distributed workforce model that enables flexible working arrangements for employees and teams who can meet our customer commitments remotely, which has helped recruit and retain talent. In addition, we invest in the development of our employees through training, apprenticeship programs, security clearance sponsorship, leadership development plans and tuition assistance for continuing education or industry certifications. We believe this employee development makes us more competitive and assists with leadership succession planning. In addition to efforts focused on recruitment and retention, we also monitor employee attrition across our employee population and take action based on the insights we gain from that monitoring process. 6 Table of Contents Employee Safety and Health Through our safety and health program we seek to optimize our operations with targeted safety, health and wellness opportunities designed to provide safe work conditions and a healthy work environment, promote workforce resiliency and enhance business value. As part of this program, we track employee health and safety measures, including quarterly and yearly targets related to the number of injury and illness incidents that occur at work, those incidents that result in days lost, and the number of days lost due to workplace injuries and illness. For information on the risks related to our human capital resources, see Item 1A Risk Factors. Competition We compete with many different companies both within and outside of the defense and aerospace industry. The Boeing Company, General Dynamics, L3Harris Technologies, Northrop Grumman, and RTX Corporation are some of our primary competitors. Key characteristics of our industry include long operating cycles and intense competition, which is evident through the number of competitors bidding on program opportunities and the existence of bid protests (competitor protests of U.S. Government procurement awards). We often collaborate with our competitors through teaming arrangements in efforts to provide our customers with the best mix of capabilities to address specific requirements. Additionally, a company competing to be a prime contractor may, upon ultimate award of the contract to another competitor, serve as a subcontractor to the ultimate prime contracting company. It is not unusual to compete for a contract award with a peer company and, simultaneously, perform as a supplier to or a customer of that same competitor on other contracts. Our broad portfolio of products and services competes domestically and internationally against products and services of the companies listed above, numerous smaller competitors and startups, and increasingly, non-traditional and non-U.S. defense contractors. In some areas of our business, customer requirements and acquisition processes are changing to encourage or facilitate expanded competition. Principal factors of competition include: the technical excellence, reliability, safety and cost competitiveness of our products and services to the customer; technical and management capability; the ability to innovate and develop new products and technologies that improve mission performance and adapt to dynamic threats; successful program execution and on-time delivery of complex, integrated systems; the reputation and customer confidence derived from past performance; our demonstrated ability to execute and perform against contract requirements and successfully manage customer relationships; and our global footprint and accessibility to customers. The competition for international sales for most of our products and services is subject to U.S. Government stipulations (e.g., export restrictions, market access, technology transfer, industrial cooperation and contracting practices). We compete against U.S. and non-U.S. companies (or teams) for contract awards by international governments. International competitions are also subject to different laws or contracting practices of international governments, which affects how we structure our bid for the procurement. In many international procurements, the purchasing government s relationship with the U.S. and its industrial cooperation programs designed to enhance local industry are important factors in determining the outcome of a competition. It is common for international customers to require contractors to comply with their industrial cooperation regulations, sometimes referred to as offset requirements, and we have entered into foreign offset agreements as part of securing some international business. For more information concerning our international business, see International Business in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 1A Risk Factors. Technological advances in such areas as additive manufacturing, data analytics, digital engineering, artificial intelligence, advanced materials, autonomy and robotics, and new business models such as commercial access to space, are enabling new factors of competition for both traditional and non-traditional competitors. For more information on the risks related to new technologies, see Item 1A - Risk Factors. Regulatory Matters Our business is heavily regulated. We contract with numerous U.S. Government agencies and entities, principally all branches of the U.S. military and NASA. We also contract with similar government authorities in other countries, either under the foreign military sales (FMS) program, contracted through the U.S. Government, or as a direct sale with the foreign government authority, which regulates these sales in a manner similar to the U.S. Government. 7 Table of Contents Government Contracts We must comply with, and are affected by, laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government and other governments contracts, including foreign governments. These laws and regulations, among other things: require certification and disclosure of all cost or pricing data in connection with certain types of contract negotiations; impose specific and unique cost accounting practices that may differ from U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP); impose acquisition regulations, which may change or be replaced over time, that define which costs can be charged to the U.S. Government, how and when costs can be charged, and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under certain U.S. Government and foreign contracts; require specific security controls to protect U.S. Government controlled unclassified information and that our suppliers that have access to this type of information comply with cyber security regulations; restrict the use and dissemination of information classified for national security purposes and the export of certain products, services and technical data; prohibit the acquisition from or use by contractors of materials, products or services procured from certain countries or entities located outside the United States (e.g., the prohibition on the acquisition of sensitive materials from non-allied foreign nations and prohibition on the acquisition and use of certain telecommunications and video surveillance services or equipment); and require the review and approval of contractor business systems, including accounting systems, estimating systems, earned value management systems for managing cost and schedule performance on certain complex programs, purchasing systems, material management and accounting systems for planning, controlling and accounting for the acquisition, use, issuing and disposition of material, and property management systems. The U.S. Government and in limited cases certain other governments may terminate any of our government contracts and subcontracts either at their convenience or for default based on our performance. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we generally are protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contract, up to termination, and profit on those costs. If a contract is terminated for default, we generally are entitled to payment for our work that has been accepted by the U.S. Government or other governments; however, the U.S. Government and other governments could make claims to reduce our recovery or recoup its procurement costs and could assess other special penalties. For more information regarding the U.S. Government s and other governments right to terminate our contracts and the risks of doing work internationally, see Item 1A Risk Factors. For more information regarding government contracting laws and regulations, see Item 1A Risk Factors as well as Critical Accounting Policies Contract Accounting / Sales Recognition in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Additionally, our programs for the U.S. Government often operate for periods of time under undefinitized contract actions (UCAs), which means that we begin performing our obligations before the terms, specifications or price are finally agreed to between the parties. Although in most cases we historically have reached mutual agreement to definitize our UCAs, the U.S. Government has the ability to unilaterally definitize contracts and has done so in the past. Absent a successful appeal of such action, the unilateral definitization of the contract obligates us to perform under terms and conditions imposed by the U.S. Government. Classified Contracts A portion of our business is classified by the U.S. Government and cannot be specifically described. The operating results of classified contracts are included in our consolidated financial statements. The business risks and capital requirements associated with classified contracts historically have not differed materially from those of our other U.S. Government contracts. However, certain classified fixed-price development and production contracts carry higher performance risk, and we are unable to insure loss to government property because the classified nature of the contracts prevents the disclosure of information necessary for underwriting and claims to commercial insurers. Our internal controls addressing the financial reporting of classified contracts are consistent with our internal controls for our non-classified contracts. 8 Table of Contents Commercial Aircraft Our commercial aircraft products are required to comply with U.S. and international regulations governing production and quality systems, airworthiness and installation approvals, repair procedures and continuing operational safety. Environmental Our operations are subject to and affected by various federal, state, local and foreign environmental protection laws and regulations regarding the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise regulating the protection of the environment. As a result of these environmental protection laws, we are involved in environmental remediation at some of our current and former facilities and at third-party-owned sites where we have been designated a potentially responsible party as a result of our prior activities and those of our predecessor companies. Although the extent of our financial exposure cannot in all cases be reasonably estimated, the costs of environmental compliance have not had, and we do not expect that these costs will have, a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, primarily because substantially all of our environmental costs are allowable in establishing the price of our products and services under our contracts with the U.S. Government. For information regarding these matters, including current estimates of the amounts that we believe are required for remediation or cleanup to the extent that they are probable and estimable, see Note 14 Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies included in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. See also the discussion of environmental matters in Item 1A Risk Factors. Climate and Sustainability Reporting and Regulation There is an increasing global regulatory focus on greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and their potential impacts relating to climate change. Various jurisdictions around the world in which we operate, including the U.S., the European Union, the United Kingdom, Australia and certain U.S. States, have adopted or proposed laws related to climate and sustainability reporting. These and future laws, regulations or policies in response to concerns over GHG emissions such as carbon taxes, mandatory reporting and disclosure obligations, including environmental requirements for certain federal contractors and subcontractors, and changes in procurement policies, including the use of environmental goals in proposal evaluation, could significantly increase our operational and compliance burdens and costs. We monitor developments in climate change-related regulation for their potential effect on us and also have a comprehensive sustainability program that seeks to mitigate our impact on the environment, including targets to reduce our GHG emissions. For more information on the risk of climate-change related regulation, see Item 1A Risk Factors. Other Applicable Regulations Our business and operations are subject to both U.S. and non-U.S. government laws, regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations relating to product testing, import-export controls, technology transfer restrictions, foreign investment, tariffs, taxation, repatriation of earnings, sanctions, exchange controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws and anti-boycott provisions of the U.S. Export Control Reform Act of 2018. Available Information We are a Maryland corporation formed in 1995 by combining the businesses of Lockheed Corporation and Martin Marietta Corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at 6801 Rockledge Drive, Bethesda, Maryland 20817. Our telephone number is (301) 897-6000 and our website address is www.lockheedmartin.com . We make our website content available for information purposes only. It should not be relied upon for investment purposes, nor is it incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K (Form 10-K). Throughout this Form 10-K, we incorporate by reference information from parts of other documents filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC allows us to disclose important information by referring to it in this manner. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements for our annual stockholders meetings and amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website, www.lockheedmartin.com/investor , as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file the material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, copies of our annual report will be made available, free of charge, upon written request. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding SEC registrants, including Lockheed Martin Corporation. 9 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements This Form 10-K contains statements that, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws and are based on our current expectations and assumptions. The words believe, estimate, anticipate, project, intend, expect, plan, outlook, scheduled, forecast and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Statements and assumptions with respect to future sales, income and cash flows, growth, program performance, the outcome of litigation, anticipated pension costs and funding, environmental remediation cost estimates, planned acquisitions or dispositions of assets, future regulatory, economic or geopolitical changes, or the anticipated consequences thereof are examples of forward-looking statements. Numerous factors, including the risk factors described in the following section, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. Our actual financial results likely will be different from any projections due to the inherent nature of projections. Given these uncertainties, forward-looking statements should not be relied on in making investment decisions. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K speak only as of the date of its filing. Except where required by applicable law, we expressly disclaim a duty to provide updates to forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K to reflect subsequent events, changed circumstances, changes in expectations, or the estimates and assumptions associated with them. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are intended to be subject to the safe harbor protections provided by the federal securities laws. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. While we seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. The outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material effect on our results of operations or financial position. You should carefully consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to trade in our common stock or debt securities. Risks Related to our Reliance on Government Contracts, our Industry and the Economy We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. Government for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in the U.S. Government s priorities, or delays or reductions in spending could have a material adverse effect on our business. We derived 72% of our total consolidated sales from the U.S. Government in 2025, including 63% from the Department of War (DoW), also known as the Department of Defense under 10 U.S.C. 111(a). We expect to continue to derive most of our sales from work performed under U.S. Government contracts. A reduction in overall U.S. defense spending, on an absolute or inflation-adjusted basis, because of shifting priorities, budget compromises or otherwise could adversely affect our business. Budget uncertainty, extended or repeated U.S. Government shutdowns, the use of continuing resolutions, and the federal debt ceiling can adversely affect our industry and both the quantum and timing of funding for our programs. When appropriations are delayed or a government shutdown occurs and continues for an extended period, we may be at risk of reduced orders, program cancellations, nonpayment or payment delays and other disruptions. When the U.S. Government operates under a continuing resolution, new contract and program starts are restricted and funding for our programs may be unavailable, reduced or delayed. Our contracts with the U.S. Government are conditioned upon the continuing availability of Congressional appropriations. Congress usually appropriates funds on a fiscal year (FY) basis even though contract performance may extend over many years. Consequently, contracts are often partially funded initially, and additional funds are committed only as Congress makes further appropriations over time. To the extent we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on a contract or in advance of a contract award or contract definitization, we are at risk of not being reimbursed for those costs unless and until additional funds are obligated under the contract or the contract is successfully awarded, definitized and funded, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Failure to fund or the termination of significant programs or contracts by the U.S. Government could adversely affect our business and financial performance. DoW s changes in funding priorities also could reduce opportunities in existing programs and in future programs or initiatives where we intend to compete and where we have made investments. While we generally expect to compete and be well positioned as the incumbent on existing programs, we may not be successful and, even if we are successful, the replacement programs may be funded at lower levels or result in lower margins. In addition, our ability to grow in key areas such as hypersonics programs, classified programs and next-generation franchise programs will be affected by the 10 Table of Contents overall budget environment and whether development programs transition to production and the timing of such transition, all of which are dependent on U.S. Government authorization and funding. The F-35 program comprises a material portion of our revenue and reductions or delays in funding for this program and risks related to performance, schedule, cost and requirements of the program could adversely affect our performance. The F-35 program, which consists of multiple development, production and sustainment contracts, is our largest program and represented 27% of our total consolidated sales in 2025. A decision by the U.S. Government, international partners, or FMS customer countries to cut spending on this program or reduce or delay planned orders may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Given the size and complexity of the F-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program and delivery schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the DoW, Congressional, and international countries oversight and budgeting processes. Challenges and risks associated with this program include supplier performance, software development, definitizing and receiving funding for contracts on a timely basis, execution of future flight tests and findings resulting from testing and operating the aircraft, the level of cost associated with life cycle operations, sustainment and potential contractual obligations, inflation-related cost pressures, the ability to improve affordability, and potential competition from next-generation or other platforms. We may face similar risks for other complex and technologically advanced programs. We also may not be successful in making hardware upgrades and other modernization capabilities in a timely manner, including as a result of dependencies on suppliers, which could increase costs and create schedule delays. Our ability to capture and retain future F-35 growth in development, production and sustainment is dependent on the success of our efforts to achieve F-35 sustainment performance, customer affordability, supply chain improvements, continued reliability improvements and other efficiencies, some of which are outside our control. See also the Risk Factor below captioned We are heavily dependent on suppliers and if our subcontractors or other suppliers or teaming agreement or joint venture partners fail to perform their obligations, our performance and ability to win future business could be adversely affected for further discussion. We are subject to extensive procurement and other laws, regulations, and contract terms, including those that enable the U.S. Government to terminate contracts for convenience. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we or those we do business with fail to comply with these laws, regulations, or terms. We must comply with extensive laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts. Government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and impose certain risks and costs on our business. A violation of these laws and regulations by us, our employees, others working on our behalf, a supplier or a joint venture partner could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts, suspension or debarment from bidding on or being awarded contracts, loss of our ability to export products or perform services and civil or criminal investigations or proceedings. From time to time, the U.S. Government has proposed contract terms, imposed internal policies, or taken positions that represent fundamental changes from historical practices or that we believe are inconsistent with the FAR or other laws and regulations and that could adversely affect our business. In addition, costs to comply with new government regulations and changing policies and practices can increase our costs, reduce our margins and adversely affect our competitiveness. Also, a portion of our contracts are classified by the U.S. Government, which imposes security requirements that limit our ability to discuss our performance on these contracts, including any specific risks, disputes and claims. Executive Orders. The President has issued multiple Executive Orders (EOs), including two that are intended to (i) simplify and accelerate the procurement process through an overhaul of the FAR and (ii) modernize the defense acquisition process by promoting commercial solutions, use of innovative acquisition authorities, and other existing streamlined processes. The Secretary of War recently released the Department s Acquisition Transformation Strategy that is consistent with these EOs, and also aims to restructure the requirements process, funding authority, and reorganizes the Acquisition workforce. As part of this broader transformation, the U.S. Government is shifting its acquisition strategy toward longer term contract structures; some contracts that were previously negotiated on an annual basis may now be executed as a multi year procurement. We expect a revision to the DFARS in the next several months as well. In addition, the President recently issued an EO that could limit certain contractors performing work under critical defense weapons, supplies, and equipment contracts from issuing excessive dividends or owner distributions, making share repurchases, and placing certain restrictions on executive compensation, as well as additional measures. It is expected that this EO will be implemented this year through a new DFARS clause and the EO s restrictions will apply only after the DoW determines that a contractor has failed to meet identified contract performance requirements. While the applicability and full impact of these initiatives on our business is uncertain, we are adapting to meet the changes in U.S. Government buying behaviors and expectations. We will continue to monitor and assess their effects on our business and financial results. 11 Table of Contents Undefinitized Contract Action (UCA). From time to time, we perform work under a UCA with the U.S. Government, which is when we begin performing our obligations before the terms, specifications or price are finally agreed to between the parties. The U.S. Government has the right to unilaterally definitize contracts, which it has exercised in the past and which, absent a successful appeal, obligates us to perform under terms and conditions imposed on us by the U.S. Government and may negatively affect our expected profit and cash flows on a program or impose burdensome terms. Bid Protests. U.S. Government procurement laws permit legal challenges, referred to as bid protests, to the terms of a contract solicitation or the award of a contract. We may encounter bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards seeking to overturn the award. Unsuccessful bidders also may protest with the goal of being awarded a subcontract for a portion of the work in return for withdrawing the protest. Bid protests can result in significant expenses to us, contract modifications or even loss of the contract award and the resolution can extend the time until contract activity can begin and delay the recognition of sales and defer underlying cash flows and adversely affect our operating results. Our efforts to protest or challenge any bids for contracts that were not awarded to us also may be unsuccessful. Contract Termination. The U.S. Government may terminate any of our government contracts at its convenience or for default based on our performance, either of which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Generally, prime contractors have similar termination rights under subcontracts related to government contracts. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we generally are protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contract and profit on those costs. However, to the extent insufficient funds have been appropriated by the U.S. Government to cover our costs upon a termination for convenience, the U.S. Government may assert that it is not required to appropriate additional funding. If a contract is terminated for default, the U.S. Government could make claims to reduce our recovery or recoup its procurement costs and could assess other special penalties, exposing us to liability and adversely affecting our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In addition, the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, notwithstanding the fact that our performance and the quality of the products or services we delivered were consistent with our contractual obligations as a subcontractor. Competition and changing customer procurement policies could adversely affect our business and financial results. We operate in a highly competitive industry and our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, technical, marketing and servicing capabilities than we do in certain areas. Our competitors may develop new technologies, products or services that could replace our current offerings. Additionally, if competitors can offer lower cost services and products, or provide services or products more quickly, at equivalent or in some cases even reduced capabilities, we may lose new business opportunities or contract recompetes, which could adversely affect our future results. We are facing increased competition from new entrants, startups and non-traditional defense contractors. Furthermore, acquisitions in our industry, including vertical integration, also could result in increased competition or limit our access to certain suppliers without appropriate remedies to protect our interests. A substantial portion of our business is awarded through competitive bidding. The U.S. Government increasingly has relied on competitive contract award types, including indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity and other multi-award contracts, which have the potential to create pricing pressure and to increase our costs by requiring us to submit multiple bids and proposals. Multi-award contracts require us to make sustained efforts to obtain task orders under the contract. Additionally, procurements that do not evaluate whether the cost assumptions in the bids are realistic can lead to bidders taking aggressive pricing positions, which could result in the winner realizing a loss upon contract award or an increased risk of lower margins or realizing a loss over the term of the contract. Competitors may be willing to accept more risk or lower profitability in competing for contracts than we are. The U.S. Government also may not award us large competitive contracts that we otherwise might have won in an effort to strengthen a broad industrial base or address other procurement policy preferences. U.S. Government procurement policies and procedures and the application thereof are regularly changing, and such changes could adversely affect our profitability or the ability to win new business. For example, an increase in the use of contract structures that shift risk to the contractor, such as fixed-price development contracts and incentive-based fee arrangements, or the U.S Government using different award fee criteria than historically used (such as the evaluation of environmental factors) could adversely affect our profit rates or make it more difficult to win new contracts. The DoW is increasingly pursuing rapid acquisition pathways and procedures for new technologies, including through so called other transaction authority agreements (OTAs). OTAs are exempt from many traditional procurement laws, including the FAR, and an OTA award may be subject, in certain cases, to the condition that a significant portion of the work under the OTA is performed by a non-traditional defense contractor or that a portion of the cost of the protype project is funded by non-governmental sources. Changes in regulations or interpretations of what are allowable costs under our government contracts could adversely impact our profitability and changes in contract financing policy for fixed-price contracts, such as changes in performance and progress payments policies, could significantly affect the timing of our cash flows. Additionally, the DoW has proposed broad-reaching acquisition reforms that, if enacted, could impact our business and results of operations. 12 Table of Contents Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, and our ability to estimate and control costs. Our profitability and cash flow may vary materially depending on the types of government contracts undertaken, the nature of products produced or services performed under those contracts, the costs incurred in performing the work, the achievement of other performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees is determined, particularly under award and incentive-fee contracts. Failure to perform to customer expectations and contract requirements may result in reduced fees or losses and may adversely affect our financial performance. Contract types primarily include fixed-price and cost-reimbursable contracts. Cost-reimbursable contracts provide for the payment of allowable costs incurred during performance of the contract plus a fee up to a ceiling based on the amount that has been funded. Cost, schedule or technical performance issues with respect to cost-reimbursable contracts could result in reduced fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation. Fixed-price contracts are predominantly either firm fixed-price (FFP) contracts or fixed-price incentive (FPI) contracts. Under FFP contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur and therefore we carry the burden of any cost overruns. Under FPI contracts the U.S. Government is responsible for our costs up to a negotiated ceiling price and we generally share, based on a negotiated sharing formula, savings from cost underruns and expenses, up to the negotiated ceiling price, from cost overruns. We bear the risk for all cost overruns that exceed the negotiated ceiling price. Due to the fixed-price nature of the contracts, if our actual costs exceed our estimates, our margins and profits are reduced and we could incur a reach-forward loss. A reach-forward loss is when estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed total estimates of the transaction price. When this occurs, a provision for the entire loss is determined at the contract level and is recorded in the period in which the loss is evident. Under both fixed-price and cost-reimbursable contracts, if we are unable to control costs, our operating results could be adversely affected. Costs to complete a contract may increase for many reasons, including technical and manufacturing challenges, schedule delays, workforce-related issues, inaccurate initial contract cost estimates, the timeliness and availability of materials from suppliers, internal and subcontractor performance or product quality issues, inability to meet cost reduction initiatives or achieve efficiencies from digital transformation, changing laws or regulations, inflation and natural disasters. Certain contracts may impose other risks, such as temporary payment withholds, forfeiting fees, paying penalties, or providing replacement systems in the event of performance failure. Contracts for development programs include complex design and technical requirements and are often contracted on a cost-reimbursable basis, however, some of our existing development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis. In addition, we have certain contracts where we bid upfront on cost-reimbursable development work and the follow-on fixed-price production options in one submission. We expect we also will bid on similar programs in the future. Fixed-price development work or fixed-price production options, especially on competitively bid programs, is inherently riskier than cost-reimbursable work because the revenue is fixed, while the estimates of costs required to complete these contracts are subject to significant variability due to the nature of development programs. The technical complexity coupled with the fixed-price contract structure of certain of our ongoing development programs or new programs increases the risk that our costs will be greater than anticipated, resulting in reduced margins, operating profit, or reach-forward losses during the period of contract performance or upon contract award, all of which could be significant to our financial condition and operating results. Bidding upfront on fixed-price production options increases the risk that we may experience lower margins than expected, or a loss, on the production options because we must estimate the cost of producing a product before it has been developed. These risks may cause us not to bid on certain future programs, which could adversely affect our future growth prospects and financial performance. See Note 1 Organization and Significant Accounting Policies included in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details about losses incurred on certain programs, including fixed-price development programs. Contracts for the transition from development to production (e.g., low rate initial production (LRIP) contracts) also create performance and financial risks to our business because of the challenge of starting and stabilizing a manufacturing production and test line while concurrently validating final design and managing change in requirements or capabilities requested by the customer. Many of our contracts include multiple option years exercisable at the customer s discretion, which carries risk. The customer may decline to exercise an option, or the customer may exercise an option on a contract for which we expect to incur a loss or perform at a low margin, either of which could adversely affect our financial results. We are routinely subject to audit by our customers on government contracts, including audits relating to our disclosed Cost Accounting Standards (CAS) rate structure or any changes to our CAS rate structure and the results of those audits could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations U.S. Government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency, the Defense Contract Management Agency and various agency Inspectors General, routinely audit and investigate government contractors. These agencies review a contractor s compliance with applicable laws, regulations and contract terms, regarding, among other things, contract pricing, contract performance, cost structure and business systems. U.S. Government audits and investigations often take years to 13 Table of Contents complete, and many result in no adverse action against us. Like many U.S. Government contractors, we have received audit and investigative reports recommending the reduction of certain contract prices or that certain payments be repaid, delayed, or withheld, and may involve substantial amounts. Similarly, like other U.S. Government contractors, audits and investigations also occur related to cost reimbursements that are based upon our final allowable incurred costs for each year. We have unaudited or unsettled incurred cost claims related to past years, which limits our ability to issue final billings on contracts for which authorized and appropriated funds may be expiring or can result in delays in final billings and our ability to close out a contract. These audits could result in unanticipated changes to contract prices and the amount and timing of payments, which could affect profitability and cash flows for any particular reporting period. These changes could have a material impact on financial condition and results of operations in such period. If an audit or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including reductions of the value of contracts, contract modifications or terminations, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, repayments, penalties, fines or suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. Government. Reductions in the value of contracts, contract modifications or terminations, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, repayments, penalties, and fines could have a material impact on financial condition and results of operations in any particular reporting period, and suspension or debarment could have a material adverse effect on us because of our dependence on contracts with the U.S. Government. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us. Similar government oversight and risks to our business and reputation exist in most other countries where we conduct business. Other Risks Related to our Operations We are heavily dependent on suppliers and if our subcontractors or other suppliers or teaming agreement or joint venture partners fail to perform their obligations, our performance and ability to win future business could be adversely affected. We are the prime contractor on most of our contracts and rely on other companies to provide materials, major components and products, and to perform a portion of the services that are provided to our customers. These arrangements may involve subcontracts, teaming arrangements, joint ventures, or supply agreements with other companies (contracting parties) and, in many cases, contracting parties in turn rely on lower-tier subcontractors. We sometimes have disputes with our contracting parties, including regarding the cost, quality and timeliness of work performed, workshares, customer concerns about the contracting party s performance, issues related to lower-tier subcontractor performance, our failure to issue or extend task orders, or our hiring the personnel of a subcontractor, teammate or joint venture partner or vice versa. We also could be adversely affected by actions or issues experienced by our contracting parties that are outside of our control, such as misconduct and reputational issues involving our contracting parties, which could subject us to liability or adversely affect our ability to compete for contract awards. The financial stability and viability of our contracting parties or lower-tier subcontractors have and in the future could adversely affect their ability to meet their performance obligations and result in an impact on our business and results of operations. A failure by one or more of our contracting parties to provide agreed-upon materials, components or products, or perform agreed-upon services, on a timely basis, according to specifications, including compliance with regulatory requirements we flow down from our prime contracts, or at all, has and may adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations and require that we transition impacted work to other companies. Contracting party performance deficiencies may result in additional costs or delays in product deliveries and affect our operating results and could result in a customer terminating our contract for default or convenience. A default termination could expose us to liability and affect our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. A failure by our contracting parties to meet affordability targets could negatively affect our profitability, result in contract losses and affect our ability to win new business. Additionally, we are affected by government procurement restrictions and issues affecting industry supply chains broadly. For example, U.S. Government statutes and regulations impose restrictions on the sourcing of items from specified countries. We seek to manage supply risk through long-term contracts, identifying domestic or other U.S. allied alternative sources of items and maintaining an acceptable level of our key materials in inventories. Advanced microelectronics, including semiconductors, underpin many of our current and future critical technologies and platforms, and global shortages of these products due to increased demand or other supply chain challenges could result in increased procurement lead times and increased costs and potential shortages, which could affect our performance. We also must comply with specific procurement requirements that can limit the number of eligible suppliers, and a significant number of the components or supplies used are currently single or sole sourced. Because the identification and qualification of new or additional suppliers can take an extended period of time and can result in additional cost, issues with suppliers or trade actions that limit our ability to use certain suppliers, especially when single or sole sourced, can have an adverse impact on our business. Complying with U.S. Government contracting regulations that limit the source or manufacture of suppliers and impose stringent cybersecurity regulations also may create challenges for our supply chain and increase costs. We remain heavily dependent on our supply chain for sourcing contractually compliant components, which is outside of our direct control and is multi-tiered. The future occurrence of non-compliant components in our programs could cause 14 Table of Contents suspensions in product deliveries, remediation work on installed components, contract price adjustments and alternate supply sourcing, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies, products and services and efficiently produce and deliver existing products. Many of the products and services we provide are highly engineered and involve sophisticated technologies with related complex manufacturing and systems integration processes. Our customers requirements change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly, identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture innovative products and services efficiently and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. This includes efforts to provide mission solutions that integrate capabilities and resources across all forces and domains, which we refer to as joint all domain operations, and to implement emerging digital and network technologies and capabilities. Artificial intelligence technologies have rapidly developed and our business may be adversely affected if we cannot successfully integrate the technology into our internal business processes and product and service offerings in a timely, cost-effective, compliant and responsible manner. To advance our innovation and position us to meet our customers requirements, we make investments in emerging technologies that we believe are needed to keep pace with rapid industry innovation and seek to collaborate with commercial entities that we believe have complementary technologies to ours. These commercial entities may not be accustomed to government contracting and may be unwilling to agree to the government s customary terms, including with respect to intellectual property, liability and indemnification terms, which may prevent or lessen the benefit of collaboration. We may not be successful in identifying or developing emerging technologies and may spend significant resources on projects that ultimately are unsuccessful or yield a low return on the amount invested. Our future success in delivering innovative and affordable solutions to our customers relies, in part, on our multi-year business transformation initiative that seeks to significantly enhance our digital infrastructure to increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business while reducing costs. This digital transformation effort requires substantial investment and if we are unable to successfully implement the strategy or do so in a timely manner, our results of operations and future competitiveness may be adversely affected. If we fail in our development projects, if our new products or technologies fail to achieve customer acceptance, if competitors develop more capable technologies or offerings or develop new technologies or offerings or deliver existing offerings faster, or if stakeholders perceive our company as being slow to adapt, lacking in innovation or inconsistently delivering results, we may be unsuccessful in obtaining new contracts or winning all or a portion of next generation programs, including in key areas such as hypersonics and classified work, and this could adversely affect our future performance and financial results. Geopolitical, macroeconomic and public health events and conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Geopolitical . Changes in U.S. Government and other nations administrations and their associated shifts in policy and priorities could also impact our operations and market conditions. Our business is highly sensitive to geopolitical and security issues, including foreign policy actions taken by governments such as tariffs, sanctions, embargoes, export and import controls, and other trade restrictions, which can affect the demand for, and our ability to sell, our products and services, cause disruptions to our supply chain, and, ultimately, could adversely affect our business. Economic sanctions, export controls, and other trade restrictions, for instance those that the U.S. Government and other nations implemented against Russia in light of its invasion of Ukraine or those relating to the conflict in the Middle East, could directly and indirectly result in the disruption of our business and supply chain. Conflicts in Ukraine and elsewhere have increased the threat of malicious cyber activity from nation states and other actors. China has placed restrictions on and sanctioned our company and certain executives in connection with foreign military sales by the U.S. Government to Taiwan involving our products and services. We will continue to follow official U.S. Government guidance as it relates to sales to Taiwan and do not currently expect a material impact to our business from these actions. Global conflicts, including those noted above, have significantly elevated global geopolitical tensions and security concerns and resulted in increased demand for some of our products and services. However, if we are unable to increase production to meet demand in the timeframe customers expect, whether due to supply constraints, government funding, or otherwise, then we may lose sales opportunities as those customers seek alternatives, even less capable ones, that may be delivered more quickly. Furthermore, the level of continuing demand and our ability to sell to customers to meet that demand is subject in part to changes in government policies and priorities. Our ability to invest, or attract investment, to fund increased production to meet anticipated demand, and our ability to earn returns on those investments, is subject to government policies and priorities and our ability to perform, the impacts of which could impact our results of operations. Government actions relating to rare earth minerals that are used in certain of our products, including U.S. Government sourcing prohibitions on the import of such minerals and the imposition of export controls on such minerals by China, have 15 Table of Contents raised concerns about supply availability. The rare earth supply chain continues to be vulnerable to disruption due to increasing scarcity and constrained capacity, and we are developing and executing mitigation plans designed to safeguard supply and meet future delivery commitments. We believe we will continue to meet our production and delivery commitments. However, if we are unable to successfully mitigate disruptions to the availability of rare earth minerals, our future profits, margins and cash flows may be adversely affected. Certain materials and component parts that go into making our products are imported into the U.S. and are subject to tariffs, sanctions, embargoes, export and import controls, and other trade restrictions. The U.S. Government has increased, expanded, or imposed new tariffs on goods imported from various countries. We also export certain products to other countries, and several countries have increased or imposed additional tariffs in response to U.S. tariffs. The tariff environment has been dynamic in 2025, with changes occurring on an ongoing basis, and it is possible that additional developments will occur in the future, including as a result of negotiations between the U.S. and trade partners and legal challenges to the tariffs. At this time, excluding the near-term cash flow impact, we do not believe that the tariffs announced by the U.S. or actions taken in response to these tariffs by other countries will have a material adverse effect upon our results of operation or financial condition over the long term. The actual impact of the tariffs is subject to a number of factors including the effective date and duration of such tariffs, changes in the amount, scope and nature of the tariffs, any countermeasures that the target countries may take, the result of negotiations between the U.S. and trade partners, how our Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers react, possible substitution effects, possible duty-free entry entitlements, the outcome of any legal challenges, and any mitigating actions that may become available. Our international sales also could be adversely affected by actions taken by the U.S. Government, including the exercise of foreign policy, Congressional oversight or the financing of particular programs, that may alter the international demand for our products or that may prevent, restrict or otherwise impose conditions upon the sale and delivery of our products or the transfer of sensitive technology. For example, the U.S. Government has imposed certain sanctions on T rkish entities and persons, which has affected our ability to obtain certain U.S. export permits or authorizations necessary to perform under our existing contracts supporting the T rkish Utility Helicopter Program (TUHP), and could impact our work with T rkish industry and our opportunity for sales in T rkiye generally. See Note 1 Organization and Significant Accounting Policies included in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on TUHP. Our inability to perform under, or compete for, contracts with international customers because of actions taken by the U.S. Government has resulted and may in the future result in our inability to recover our costs, incurrence of reach-forward losses, claims and contract terminations by these customers and suppliers, and limitations on our ability to pursue new business, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results. Macroeconomic. Heightened levels of inflation and the potential worsening of macroeconomic conditions, including slower growth or recession, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates and currency fluctuations, present risks for us, our suppliers and the stability of the broader defense industrial base. If we are unable to successfully mitigate these impacts, our future profits, margins and cash flows, particularly for existing fixed-price contracts, may be adversely affected. Although we believe defense spending is more resilient to adverse macroeconomic conditions than many other industrial sectors, our suppliers and other partners, many of which are more exposed to commercial markets or have fewer resources, may be adversely impacted to a more significant degree than we are by an economic downturn. Such an impact could affect their performance and adversely impact our operations. In addition, macroeconomic conditions could cause budgetary pressures for our government customers resulting in reductions or delays in spending, which could adversely impact our business. Higher interest rates increase the borrowing costs on new debt and could affect the fair value of our investments. Interest rates also impact our pension obligations. For example, higher interest rates reduce the measure of our gross pension obligations while lower interest rates increase it. Public health. We face a wide variety of risks related to public health crises, epidemics, pandemics or similar events. If a new health epidemic or outbreak were to occur, we could experience broad and varied effects similar to the impact of COVID-19, including adverse impacts to our workforce and supply chain, inflationary pressures and increased costs, schedule or production delays, market volatility and other financial ramifications. If any of these were to occur, our future results and performance could be adversely impacted. International sales may pose different economic, regulatory, competition and other risks. International sales present risks that are different and potentially greater than those encountered in our U.S. business. In 2025, 28% of our total sales were associated with international customers. International sales are subject to numerous political and economic factors, including changes in foreign national priorities, foreign government budgets, global economic conditions, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the possibility of trade sanctions and other government actions, regulatory requirements, and significant competition, taxation, and other risks associated with doing business outside the U.S. Sales of military products and services and any associated industrial development (offset) agreements are subject to U.S. export regulations and foreign policy, and there could be significant delays or other issues in reaching definitive agreements for 16 Table of Contents announced programs. See the Risk Factor Geopolitical, macroeconomic and public health events and conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Competition for international sales is intense, including from international manufacturers whose governments sometimes provide research and development assistance, marketing subsidies and other assistance for their products and services. Our international business is conducted through FMS contracted through the U.S. Government and by direct commercial sales (DCS) to international customers. FMS contracts with the U.S. Government are subject to the FAR and the DFARS. Because the U.S. Government functions as an intermediary in FMS sales, we are reliant on, and could be adversely impacted by, relations between the U.S. Government and the international customers and the capacity and speed of the DoW s administration of requests from non-U.S. countries to convert requests to sales. In contrast, DCS transactions represent sales directly to international government customers and are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including product testing, import-export control, technology transfer restrictions, investments, taxation, repatriation of earnings, exchange controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, and the anti-boycott provisions of the U.S. Export Control Reform Act of 2018. While we have extensive policies in place to comply with such laws and regulations, failure by us, our employees or others working on our behalf to comply with these laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities, including suspension, debarment from bidding for or performing government contracts, or suspension of our export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We frequently team with international subcontractors and suppliers who also are exposed to similar risks. We believe DCS transactions present a higher level of potential risks because they involve direct relationships with governmental contracting parties with which we typically have less familiarity. Additionally, international procurement and local country rules and regulations, contract laws and judicial systems differ from those in the U.S. and, in some cases, may be less predictable than those in the U.S., which could impair our ability to enforce contracts and increase the risk of adverse or unpredictable outcomes, including the possibility that certain matters that would be considered civil matters in the U.S. are treated as criminal matters in other countries. In conjunction with defense procurements, some international customers require contractors to comply with industrial cooperation regulations, including entering into industrial participation, industrial development or localization agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements (also known as offset contracts), as a condition to obtaining orders for our products and services. These agreements generally extend over several years and obligate the contractor to perform certain commitments, which may include in-country purchases, technology transfers, local manufacturing support, consulting support to in-country projects, investments in joint ventures and financial support projects, and preference for local suppliers or subcontractors. The customer s expectations in respect of the scope of offset commitments can be substantial, including high-value content, and may exceed existing local technical capability. Failure to meet these commitments, which can be subjective and outside of our control, may result in significant penalties, and could lead to a reduction in sales to a country. Furthermore, some of our existing offset agreements are dependent upon the successful operation of joint ventures that we do not control and involve products and services that are outside of our core business, which may increase the risk of breaching our obligations, exposing us to compliance risks of the joint venture, and impairing our ability to recover our investment. For more information on our industrial development obligations, including the notional value of our remaining industrial development obligations and potential penalties for non-compliance, see Contractual Commitments in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We may be unable to benefit fully from or adequately protect our intellectual property rights or use third-party intellectual property, which could negatively affect our business. We own a substantial number of U.S. and foreign patents and trademarks related to the products and services we provide. In addition to owning a large portfolio of patents and trademarks, we develop and own other intellectual property, including copyrights, trade secrets and research, development and engineering know-how, which contribute significantly to our business. We also license intellectual property to and from third parties. The FAR and DFARS provide that the U.S. Government obtains certain rights in intellectual property, including patents, developed by us and our subcontractors and suppliers in performance of government contracts or with government funding. The U.S. Government may use, or may authorize others including competitors to use, such intellectual property. Non-U.S. governments also may have certain rights in patents and other intellectual property developed in performance of our contracts with these entities. The U.S. Government is pursuing aggressive positions on the acquisition of broad technical data and software packages as well as the scope and applicability of the rights in such technical data and software once acquired. The DoW is also implementing an overarching intellectual property acquisition policy that will require greater focus and planning as to intellectual property rights for its programs, with the potential impacts of this policy or any associated regulatory changes on future acquisitions yet to be determined. The DoW s efforts could affect our ability to protect and exploit our intellectual property and to leverage supplier intellectual property, for example, if we are unable to obtain necessary licenses from our suppliers to meet government requirements. Additionally, third parties may assert 17 Table of Contents that our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights, which could result in costly and time-consuming disputes, subject us to damages and injunctions and adversely affect our ability to compete and perform on certain contracts. Our business and financial performance depends on us identifying, attracting and retaining a highly skilled workforce. Our performance is dependent upon us identifying, attracting, developing, motivating and retaining a highly skilled workforce with the requisite skills in multiple areas including engineering, science, manufacturing, information technology, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, business development and strategy and management. Due to the national security nature of our work, our performance is also dependent upon personnel who hold security clearances and receive substantial training to work on certain programs or tasks and can be difficult to replace on a timely basis if we experience unplanned attrition. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry as well as the market for individuals holding high-level security clearances is extremely competitive and not confined to our industry. For example, we compete with commercial technology companies outside of the aerospace and defense industry for qualified technical, cyber and scientific positions, which may not face the same type of cost pressures as a government contractor and which may be able to offer more flexible work arrangements given that certain of our employees must perform the majority of their work in a secure facility because of the need to access classified information. If we cannot adequately attract and retain personnel with the requisite skills or clearances in this competitive market, our performance and future prospects may be adversely affected. We have implemented flexible work arrangements and a distributed workforce model, where portions of our workforce work remotely while others are required to be on-site in our facilities depending on, among other things, the nature of the job performed, business needs, and evolving circumstances. In conjunction with this, it is critical that we develop and train employees, hire new qualified personnel, and successfully manage the short and long-term development and transfer of critical knowledge and skills, including leadership development and succession planning throughout our business. While we have processes in place for management transition and the transfer of knowledge and skills, the loss of key personnel, coupled with an inability to adequately train other personnel, hire new personnel or transfer knowledge and skills, could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts, execute on new or growing programs and otherwise manage our business. Additionally, approximately 19% of our workforce is comprised of employees that are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various unions. If we encounter difficulties with renegotiations or renewals of collective bargaining arrangements or are unsuccessful in those efforts, we could incur additional costs and experience work stoppages. Union actions at suppliers also can affect us. Any delays or work stoppages could adversely affect our ability to perform under our contracts, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Cyber-attacks and other security threats and disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. As an aerospace and defense company, we face a multitude of security threats, including cybersecurity threats ranging from attacks common to most industries, such as ransomware and denial-of-service, to attacks from more advanced and persistent, highly organized adversaries, including nation state actors, some of which target the U.S. defense industrial base and other critical infrastructure sectors. The sophistication of threats continues to evolve and grow, including the risk associated with the use of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and quantum computing, for nefarious purposes. In addition to cybersecurity threats, we face threats to the security of our facilities and employees from terrorist acts, sabotage and other disruptions, any of which could adversely affect our business. The improper conduct of our employees or others working on our behalf who have access to export controlled, classified or other sensitive information could also adversely affect our business and reputation. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, including by complying with evolving information security, data protection and privacy regulations and related disclosure requirements, our customers or governmental authorities could investigate the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures and could bring actions against us for noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations. Moreover, depending on the severity of an incident, our customers data, our employees data, our intellectual property (including trade secrets and research, development and engineering know-how) and other third-party data (such as that of subcontractors, suppliers and vendors) could be compromised, which could adversely affect our business. Products and services we provide to customers also carry cybersecurity risks, including risks that they could be breached or fail to detect, prevent or combat attacks, which could result in losses to our customers and claims against us, and could harm our relationships with our customers and financial results. Given the persistence, sophistication, volume and novelty of threats we face, we may not be successful in preventing or mitigating an attack that could have a material adverse effect on us and the costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. The national security aspects of our business and much of the data we protect increase and create different risks relative to other industries. National security considerations may also preclude us from, or cause us to delay, publicly disclosing a cybersecurity incident. 18 Table of Contents Our customers (including sites that we operate and manage for our customers), suppliers, subcontractors, joint venture partners and acquired entities that we do not fully integrate face similar security threats and an incident at one of these entities could adversely impact our business. These entities are typically outside our control and may have access to our information with varying levels of security and cybersecurity resources, expertise, safeguards and capabilities. Their relationships with government contractors, including us, may increase the risk that they are targeted by the same threats we face, however, they may not be as prepared for such threats. Adversaries actively seek to exploit security and cybersecurity weaknesses in our supply chain. Breaches in our multi-tiered supply chain, which is comprised of thousands of direct and indirect suppliers, have and could in the future compromise our data and adversely affect customer deliverables. We also must rely on our supply chain for adequately detecting and reporting cyber incidents, which could affect our ability to report or respond to cybersecurity incidents effectively or in a timely manner. For information on our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance, see Item 1C. Cybersecurity. If we fail to successfully complete or manage acquisitions, divestitures, equity investments and other transactions or if acquired entities or equity investments fail to perform as expected, our financial results, business and future prospects could be harmed. In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate companies, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, joint ventures, other investments and divestitures. We seek to identify acquisition or investment opportunities that will expand or complement our existing products and services or customer base, at reasonable valuations. To be successful, we must conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies or underlying risks, some of which are difficult to discover or assess prior to consummation of an acquisition or investment; negotiate transaction terms; complete and close complex transactions; integrate acquired companies and employees; and realize anticipated operating and other synergies efficiently and effectively. U.S. and international regulatory scrutiny of mergers and acquisitions has and could continue to limit our ability to execute certain transactions that we might otherwise pursue. Acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and investments often require substantial management resources and have the potential to divert our attention from our existing business. Unidentified or identified but uncertain liabilities that are not covered by indemnification or other coverage could adversely affect our future financial results. This is particularly the case in respect of successor liability under procurement laws and regulations such as the False Claims Act or the Truthful Cost or Pricing Data Act (formerly the Truth in Negotiations Act), anti-corruption, environmental, tax, import-export and technology transfer laws, which provide for civil and criminal penalties and the potential for debarment. We also may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, employee retention, transaction-related or other litigation, and other liabilities. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Joint ventures and other noncontrolling investments operate under shared control with other parties. These investments typically face many of the same risks and uncertainties as we do, but may expose us to additional risks not present if we retained full control. A joint venture partner may have economic or other business interests that are inconsistent with ours and we may be unable to prevent strategic decisions that may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also could be adversely affected by, or liable for, actions taken by these joint ventures that we do not control, including violations of anti-corruption, import and export, taxation and anti-boycott laws. Depending on our rights and percentage of ownership, we may consolidate the financial results of such entities or account for our interests under the equity method. Under the equity method of accounting for nonconsolidated ventures and investments, we recognize our share of the operating profit or loss of these joint ventures in our results of operations. Our operating results are affected by the conduct and performance of businesses over which we do not exercise control and, as a result, we may not be successful in achieving the growth or other intended benefits of strategic investments. We make investments in early-stage companies that we believe are advancing or developing new technologies applicable to our business. These investments are generally illiquid at the time of investment and typically we hold a non-controlling interest. We have and expect to continue to recognize gains or losses attributable to adjustments of the investments fair value, including impairments up to and including the full value of the investment, which events are generally outside of our control such as the success or failure of the company and market volatility. 19 Table of Contents Risks Related to Significant Contingencies, Uncertainties and Estimates, including Pension, Taxes, Environmental and Litigation Costs Pension funding requirements and costs are dependent on return on pension assets and other economic and actuarial assumptions which, if changed, may cause our future earnings and cash flow to fluctuate significantly and affect the affordability of our products and services. Many of our employees and retirees participate in defined benefit pension plans. The impact of these plans on our earnings may be volatile in that the amount of expense or income we record may materially change from year to year because the calculations are sensitive to changes in several key economic assumptions, including interest rates and rates of return on plan assets, other actuarial assumptions including participant longevity (also known as mortality), as well as the timing of cash funding. Changes in these factors, including actual returns on plan assets, may also affect our plan funding, cash flows and stockholders equity. We could be required to make pension contributions earlier than and/or in excess of what was planned if our return on pension assets is less than our assumptions, which would reduce our free cash flow. We have made substantial cash contributions to our plans as required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), as amended, and in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), and expect to make future contributions as required or when deemed prudent. We generally can recover a significant portion of these contributions related to our plans as allowable costs on our U.S. Government contracts, including FMS. However, there can be differences between the time when we contribute cash to our plans under pension funding rules and when we recover pension costs under CAS, which can affect the timing of our cash flows. Our business segments results of operations include pension expense as calculated under CAS while our consolidated financial statements must present pension income or expense in accordance with U.S. GAAP Financial Accounting Standards (FAS); differences in these accounting rules may result in significant period adjustments referred to as our FAS/CAS pension adjustments. Additionally, because allowable pension costs are included in the price of our products and services, those costs can affect our affordability and competitiveness. In recent years, we have taken actions intended to reduce the size of our defined benefit pension plans including pension transactions whereby we purchase group annuity contracts (GACs) from insurance co