=== LMT_2026-01-29.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. While we seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. The outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material effect on our results of operations or financial position. You should carefully consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to trade in our common stock or debt securities. Risks Related to our Reliance on Government Contracts, our Industry and the Economy We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. Government for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in the U.S. Government’s priorities, or delays or reductions in spending could have a material adverse effect on our business. We derived 72% of our total consolidated sales from the U.S. Government in 2025, including 63% from the Department of War (DoW), also known as the Department of Defense under 10 U.S.C. § 111(a). We expect to continue to derive most of our sales from work performed under U.S. Government contracts. A reduction in overall U.S. defense spending, on an absolute or inflation-adjusted basis, because of shifting priorities, budget compromises or otherwise could adversely affect our business. Budget uncertainty, extended or repeated U.S. Government shutdowns, the use of continuing resolutions, and the federal debt ceiling can adversely affect our industry and both the quantum and timing of funding for our programs. When appropriations are delayed or a government shutdown occurs and continues for an extended period, we may be at risk of reduced orders, program cancellations, nonpayment or payment delays and other disruptions. When the U.S. Government operates under a continuing resolution, new contract and program starts are restricted and funding for our programs may be unavailable, reduced or delayed. Our contracts with the U.S. Government are conditioned upon the continuing availability of Congressional appropriations. Congress usually appropriates funds on a fiscal year (FY) basis even though contract performance may extend over many years. Consequently, contracts are often partially funded initially, and additional funds are committed only as Congress makes further appropriations over time. To the extent we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on a contract or in advance of a contract award or contract definitization, we are at risk of not being reimbursed for those costs unless and until additional funds are obligated under the contract or the contract is successfully awarded, definitized and funded, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Failure to fund or the termination of significant programs or contracts by the U.S. Government could adversely affect our business and financial performance. DoW’s changes in funding priorities also could reduce opportunities in existing programs and in future programs or initiatives where we intend to compete and where we have made investments. While we generally expect to compete and be well positioned as the incumbent on existing programs, we may not be successful and, even if we are successful, the replacement programs may be funded at lower levels or result in lower margins. In addition, our ability to grow in key areas such as hypersonics programs, classified programs and next-generation franchise programs will be affected by the 10 Table of Contents overall budget environment and whether development programs transition to production and the timing of such transition, all of which are dependent on U.S. Government authorization and funding. The F-35 program comprises a material portion of our revenue and reductions or delays in funding for this program and risks related to performance, schedule, cost and requirements of the program could adversely affect our performance. The F-35 program, which consists of multiple development, production and sustainment contracts, is our largest program and represented 27% of our total consolidated sales in 2025. A decision by the U.S. Government, international partners, or FMS customer countries to cut spending on this program or reduce or delay planned orders may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Given the size and complexity of the F-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program and delivery schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the DoW, Congressional, and international countries’ oversight and budgeting processes. Challenges and risks associated with this program include supplier performance, software development, definitizing and receiving funding for contracts on a timely basis, execution of future flight tests and findings resulting from testing and operating the aircraft, the level of cost associated with life cycle operations, sustainment and potential contractual obligations, inflation-related cost pressures, the ability to improve affordability, and potential competition from next-generation or other platforms. We may face similar risks for other complex and technologically advanced programs. We also may not be successful in making hardware upgrades and other modernization capabilities in a timely manner, including as a result of dependencies on suppliers, which could increase costs and create schedule delays. Our ability to capture and retain future F-35 growth in development, production and sustainment is dependent on the success of our efforts to achieve F-35 sustainment performance, customer affordability, supply chain improvements, continued reliability improvements and other efficiencies, some of which are outside our control. See also the Risk Factor below captioned “We are heavily dependent on suppliers and if our subcontractors or other suppliers or teaming agreement or joint venture partners fail to perform their obligations, our performance and ability to win future business could be adversely affected” for further discussion. We are subject to extensive procurement and other laws, regulations, and contract terms, including those that enable the U.S. Government to terminate contracts for convenience. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we or those we do business with fail to comply with these laws, regulations, or terms. We must comply with extensive laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts. Government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and impose certain risks and costs on our business. A violation of these laws and regulations by us, our employees, others working on our behalf, a supplier or a joint venture partner could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts, suspension or debarment from bidding on or being awarded contracts, loss of our ability to export products or perform services and civil or criminal investigations or proceedings. From time to time, the U.S. Government has proposed contract terms, imposed internal policies, or taken positions that represent fundamental changes from historical practices or that we believe are inconsistent with the FAR or other laws and regulations and that could adversely affect our business. In addition, costs to comply with new government regulations and changing policies and practices can increase our costs, reduce our margins and adversely affect our competitiveness. Also, a portion of our contracts are classified by the U.S. Government, which imposes security requirements that limit our ability to discuss our performance on these contracts, including any specific risks, disputes and claims. Executive Orders. The President has issued multiple Executive Orders (EOs), including two that are intended to (i) simplify and accelerate the procurement process through an overhaul of the FAR and (ii) modernize the defense acquisition process by promoting commercial solutions, use of innovative acquisition authorities, and other existing streamlined processes. The Secretary of War recently released the Department’s Acquisition Transformation Strategy that is consistent with these EOs, and also aims to restructure the requirements process, funding authority, and reorganizes the Acquisition workforce. As part of this broader transformation, the U.S. Government is shifting its acquisition strategy toward longer‑term contract structures; some contracts that were previously negotiated on an annual basis may now be executed as a multi‑year procurement. We expect a revision to the DFARS in the next several months as well. In addition, the President recently issued an EO that could limit certain contractors performing work under critical defense weapons, supplies, and equipment contracts from issuing excessive dividends or owner distributions, making share repurchases, and placing certain restrictions on executive compensation, as well as additional measures. It is expected that this EO will be implemented this year through a new DFARS clause and the EO’s restrictions will apply only after the DoW determines that a contractor has failed to meet identified contract performance requirements. While the applicability and full impact of these initiatives on our business is uncertain, we are adapting to meet the changes in U.S. Government buying behaviors and expectations. We will continue to monitor and assess their effects on our business and financial results. 11 Table of Contents Undefinitized Contract Action (UCA). From time to time, we perform work under a UCA with the U.S. Government, which is when we begin performing our obligations before the terms, specifications or price are finally agreed to between the parties. The U.S. Government has the right to unilaterally definitize contracts, which it has exercised in the past and which, absent a successful appeal, obligates us to perform under terms and conditions imposed on us by the U.S. Government and may negatively affect our expected profit and cash flows on a program or impose burdensome terms. Bid Protests. U.S. Government procurement laws permit legal challenges, referred to as bid protests, to the terms of a contract solicitation or the award of a contract. We may encounter bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards seeking to overturn the award. Unsuccessful bidders also may protest with the goal of being awarded a subcontract for a portion of the work in return for withdrawing the protest. Bid protests can result in significant expenses to us, contract modifications or even loss of the contract award and the resolution can extend the time until contract activity can begin and delay the recognition of sales and defer underlying cash flows and adversely affect our operating results. Our efforts to protest or challenge any bids for contracts that were not awarded to us also may be unsuccessful. Contract Termination. The U.S. Government may terminate any of our government contracts at its convenience or for default based on our performance, either of which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Generally, prime contractors have similar termination rights under subcontracts related to government contracts. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we generally are protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contract and profit on those costs. However, to the extent insufficient funds have been appropriated by the U.S. Government to cover our costs upon a termination for convenience, the U.S. Government may assert that it is not required to appropriate additional funding. If a contract is terminated for default, the U.S. Government could make claims to reduce our recovery or recoup its procurement costs and could assess other special penalties, exposing us to liability and adversely affecting our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In addition, the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, notwithstanding the fact that our performance and the quality of the products or services we delivered were consistent with our contractual obligations as a subcontractor. Competition and changing customer procurement policies could adversely affect our business and financial results. We operate in a highly competitive industry and our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, technical, marketing and servicing capabilities than we do in certain areas. Our competitors may develop new technologies, products or services that could replace our current offerings. Additionally, if competitors can offer lower cost services and products, or provide services or products more quickly, at equivalent or in some cases even reduced capabilities, we may lose new business opportunities or contract recompetes, which could adversely affect our future results. We are facing increased competition from new entrants, startups and non-traditional defense contractors. Furthermore, acquisitions in our industry, including vertical integration, also could result in increased competition or limit our access to certain suppliers without appropriate remedies to protect our interests. A substantial portion of our business is awarded through competitive bidding. The U.S. Government increasingly has relied on competitive contract award types, including indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity and other multi-award contracts, which have the potential to create pricing pressure and to increase our costs by requiring us to submit multiple bids and proposals. Multi-award contracts require us to make sustained efforts to obtain task orders under the contract. Additionally, procurements that do not evaluate whether the cost assumptions in the bids are realistic can lead to bidders taking aggressive pricing positions, which could result in the winner realizing a loss upon contract award or an increased risk of lower margins or realizing a loss over the term of the contract. Competitors may be willing to accept more risk or lower profitability in competing for contracts than we are. The U.S. Government also may not award us large competitive contracts that we otherwise might have won in an effort to strengthen a broad industrial base or address other procurement policy preferences. U.S. Government procurement policies and procedures and the application thereof are regularly changing, and such changes could adversely affect our profitability or the ability to win new business. For example, an increase in the use of contract structures that shift risk to the contractor, such as fixed-price development contracts and incentive-based fee arrangements, or the U.S Government using different award fee criteria than historically used (such as the evaluation of environmental factors) could adversely affect our profit rates or make it more difficult to win new contracts. The DoW is increasingly pursuing rapid acquisition pathways and procedures for new technologies, including through so called “other transaction authority” agreements (OTAs). OTAs are exempt from many traditional procurement laws, including the FAR, and an OTA award may be subject, in certain cases, to the condition that a significant portion of the work under the OTA is performed by a non-traditional defense contractor or that a portion of the cost of the protype project is funded by non-governmental sources. Changes in regulations or interpretations of what are allowable costs under our government contracts could adversely impact our profitability and changes in contract financing policy for fixed-price contracts, such as changes in performance and progress payments policies, could significantly affect the timing of our cash flows. Additionally, the DoW has proposed broad-reaching acquisition reforms that, if enacted, could impact our business and results of operations. 12 Table of Contents Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, and our ability to estimate and control costs. Our profitability and cash flow may vary materially depending on the types of government contracts undertaken, the nature of products produced or services performed under those contracts, the costs incurred in performing the work, the achievement of other performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees is determined, particularly under award and incentive-fee contracts. Failure to perform to customer expectations and contract requirements may result in reduced fees or losses and may adversely affect our financial performance. Contract types primarily include fixed-price and cost-reimbursable contracts. Cost-reimbursable contracts provide for the payment of allowable costs incurred during performance of the contract plus a fee up to a ceiling based on the amount that has been funded. Cost, schedule or technical performance issues with respect to cost-reimbursable contracts could result in reduced fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation. Fixed-price contracts are predominantly either firm fixed-price (FFP) contracts or fixed-price incentive (FPI) contracts. Under FFP contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur and therefore we carry the burden of any cost overruns. Under FPI contracts the U.S. Government is responsible for our costs up to a negotiated ceiling price and we generally share, based on a negotiated sharing formula, savings from cost underruns and expenses, up to the negotiated ceiling price, from cost overruns. We bear the risk for all cost overruns that exceed the negotiated ceiling price. Due to the fixed-price nature of the contracts, if our actual costs exceed our estimates, our margins and profits are reduced and we could incur a reach-forward loss. A reach-forward loss is when estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed total estimates of the transaction price. When this occurs, a provision for the entire loss is determined at the contract level and is recorded in the period in which the loss is evident. Under both fixed-price and cost-reimbursable contracts, if we are unable to control costs, our operating results could be adversely affected. Costs to complete a contract may increase for many reasons, including technical and manufacturing challenges, schedule delays, workforce-related issues, inaccurate initial contract cost estimates, the timeliness and availability of materials from suppliers, internal and subcontractor performance or product quality issues, inability to meet cost reduction initiatives or achieve efficiencies from digital transformation, changing laws or regulations, inflation and natural disasters. Certain contracts may impose other risks, such as temporary payment withholds, forfeiting fees, paying penalties, or providing replacement systems in the event of performance failure. Contracts for development programs include complex design and technical requirements and are often contracted on a cost-reimbursable basis, however, some of our existing development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis. In addition, we have certain contracts where we bid upfront on cost-reimbursable development work and the follow-on fixed-price production options in one submission. We expect we also will bid on similar programs in the future. Fixed-price development work or fixed-price production options, especially on competitively bid programs, is inherently riskier than cost-reimbursable work because the revenue is fixed, while the estimates of costs required to complete these contracts are subject to significant variability due to the nature of development programs. The technical complexity coupled with the fixed-price contract structure of certain of our ongoing development programs or new programs increases the risk that our costs will be greater than anticipated, resulting in reduced margins, operating profit, or reach-forward losses during the period of contract performance or upon contract award, all of which could be significant to our financial condition and operating results. Bidding upfront on fixed-price production options increases the risk that we may experience lower margins than expected, or a loss, on the production options because we must estimate the cost of producing a product before it has been developed. These risks may cause us not to bid on certain future programs, which could adversely affect our future growth prospects and financial performance. See “Note 1 – Organization and Significant Accounting Policies” included in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details about losses incurred on certain programs, including fixed-price development programs. Contracts for the transition from development to production (e.g., low rate initial production (LRIP) contracts) also create performance and financial risks to our business because of the challenge of starting and stabilizing a manufacturing production and test line while concurrently validating final design and managing change in requirements or capabilities requested by the customer. Many of our contracts include multiple option years exercisable at the customer’s discretion, which carries risk. The customer may decline to exercise an option, or the customer may exercise an option on a contract for which we expect to incur a loss or perform at a low margin, either of which could adversely affect our financial results. We are routinely subject to audit by our customers on government contracts, including audits relating to our disclosed Cost Accounting Standards (CAS) rate structure or any changes to our CAS rate structure and the results of those audits could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations U.S. Government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency, the Defense Contract Management Agency and various agency Inspectors General, routinely audit and investigate government contractors. These agencies review a contractor’s compliance with applicable laws, regulations and contract terms, regarding, among other things, contract pricing, contract performance, cost structure and business systems. U.S. Government audits and investigations often take years to 13 Table of Contents complete, and many result in no adverse action against us. Like many U.S. Government contractors, we have received audit and investigative reports recommending the reduction of certain contract prices or that certain payments be repaid, delayed, or withheld, and may involve substantial amounts. Similarly, like other U.S. Government contractors, audits and investigations also occur related to cost reimbursements that are based upon our final allowable incurred costs for each year. We have unaudited or unsettled incurred cost claims related to past years, which limits our ability to issue final billings on contracts for which authorized and appropriated funds may be expiring or can result in delays in final billings and our ability to close out a contract. These audits could result in unanticipated changes to contract prices and the amount and timing of payments, which could affect profitability and cash flows for any particular reporting period. These changes could have a material impact on financial condition and results of operations in such period. If an audit or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including reductions of the value of contracts, contract modifications or terminations, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, repayments, penalties, fines or suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. Government. Reductions in the value of contracts, contract modifications or terminations, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, repayments, penalties, and fines could have a material impact on financial condition and results of operations in any particular reporting period, and suspension or debarment could have a material adverse effect on us because of our dependence on contracts with the U.S. Government. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us. Similar government oversight and risks to our business and reputation exist in most other countries where we conduct business. Other Risks Related to our Operations We are heavily dependent on suppliers and if our subcontractors or other suppliers or teaming agreement or joint venture partners fail to perform their obligations, our performance and ability to win future business could be adversely affected. We are the prime contractor on most of our contracts and rely on other companies to provide materials, major components and products, and to perform a portion of the services that are provided to our customers. These arrangements may involve subcontracts, teaming arrangements, joint ventures, or supply agreements with other companies (contracting parties) and, in many cases, contracting parties in turn rely on lower-tier subcontractors. We sometimes have disputes with our contracting parties, including regarding the cost, quality and timeliness of work performed, workshares, customer concerns about the contracting party’s performance, issues related to lower-tier subcontractor performance, our failure to issue or extend task orders, or our hiring the personnel of a subcontractor, teammate or joint venture partner or vice versa. We also could be adversely affected by actions or issues experienced by our contracting parties that are outside of our control, such as misconduct and reputational issues involving our contracting parties, which could subject us to liability or adversely affect our ability to compete for contract awards. The financial stability and viability of our contracting parties or lower-tier subcontractors have and in the future could adversely affect their ability to meet their performance obligations and result in an impact on our business and results of operations. A failure by one or more of our contracting parties to provide agreed-upon materials, components or products, or perform agreed-upon services, on a timely basis, according to specifications, including compliance with regulatory requirements we flow down from our prime contracts, or at all, has and may adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations and require that we transition impacted work to other companies. Contracting party performance deficiencies may result in additional costs or delays in product deliveries and affect our operating results and could result in a customer terminating our contract for default or convenience. A default termination could expose us to liability and affect our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. A failure by our contracting parties to meet affordability targets could negatively affect our profitability, result in contract losses and affect our ability to win new business. Additionally, we are affected by government procurement restrictions and issues affecting industry supply chains broadly. For example, U.S. Government statutes and regulations impose restrictions on the sourcing of items from specified countries. We seek to manage supply risk through long-term contracts, identifying domestic or other U.S. allied alternative sources of items and maintaining an acceptable level of our key materials in inventories. Advanced microelectronics, including semiconductors, underpin many of our current and future critical technologies and platforms, and global shortages of these products due to increased demand or other supply chain challenges could result in increased procurement lead times and increased costs and potential shortages, which could affect our performance. We also must comply with specific procurement requirements that can limit the number of eligible suppliers, and a significant number of the components or supplies used are currently single or sole sourced. Because the identification and qualification of new or additional suppliers can take an extended period of time and can result in additional cost, issues with suppliers or trade actions that limit our ability to use certain suppliers, especially when single or sole sourced, can have an adverse impact on our business. Complying with U.S. Government contracting regulations that limit the source or manufacture of suppliers and impose stringent cybersecurity regulations also may create challenges for our supply chain and increase costs. We remain heavily dependent on our supply chain for sourcing contractually compliant components, which is outside of our direct control and is multi-tiered. The future occurrence of non-compliant components in our programs could cause 14 Table of Contents suspensions in product deliveries, remediation work on installed components, contract price adjustments and alternate supply sourcing, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies, products and services and efficiently produce and deliver existing products. Many of the products and services we provide are highly engineered and involve sophisticated technologies with related complex manufacturing and systems integration processes. Our customers’ requirements change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly, identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture innovative products and services efficiently and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. This includes efforts to p

=== LMT_2026-04-23.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Except for the risk factor discussed below, there have been no other material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” of our 2025 Form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties described in our risk factors have the potential to materially affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, projected results and future prospects. These risks are not exclusive and additional risks to which we are subject include the factors mentioned under “Forward-Looking Statements” and the risks described in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this Form 10-Q. If we fail to successfully complete or manage acquisitions, divestitures, equity investments and other transactions or if acquired entities or equity investments fail to perform as expected, our financial results, business and future prospects could be harmed. We hold investments in joint ventures, including United Launch Alliance (ULA), that are accounted for under the equity method. Our investment in ULA was $544 million and $551 million at March 29, 2026 and December 31, 2025, respectively. To the extent that performance challenges associated with the development, production or launch of ULA’s Vulcan Centaur rocket adversely affect ULA’s business, financial condition or results of operations, we could be exposed to operating losses generated by the joint venture or impairments of our investment in the joint venture. Additionally, we expect to provide financial guarantees in support of ULA in the future and may be required to provide additional financial support to ULA to support its liquidity or ongoing operations. 37 Table of Contents ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds There were no sales of unregistered equity securities during the quarter ended March 29, 2026. The following table provides information about our repurchases of our common stock that is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the quarter ended March 29, 2026. Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (b) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (b) (in millions) January 1, 2026 – January 25, 2026 (c) 599 $ 489.13 — $ 8,324 January 26, 2026 – February 22, 2026 (c) — $ — — $ 8,324 February 23, 2026 – March 29, 2026 (c) 226,763 $ 657.99 — $ 8,324 Total (c) 227,362 $ 657.55 — (a) We close our books and records on the last Sunday of each month to align our financial closing with our business processes, except for the month of December, as our fiscal year ends on December 31. As a result, our fiscal months often differ from the calendar months. For example, March 29, 2026 was the last day of our March 2026 fiscal month. (b) In 2010, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase our common stock in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market at prices per share not exceeding the then-current market prices. We did not repurchase any shares during the quarter ended March 29, 2026. (c) During the quarter ended March 29, 2026, the total number of shares purchased included 227,362 shares that were transferred to us by employees in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock units and performance stock units. These purchases were made pursuant to a separate authorization by our Board of Directors and are not included within the program. ITEM 5. Other Information None of our directors or executive officers adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or adopted or terminated a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarter ended March 29, 2026. 38 Table of Contents ITEM 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Form of 2026 Annual Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Lockheed Martin Corporation 2020 Incentive Performance Award Plan 10.2 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (2026 - 2028 Performance Period) under the Lockheed Martin Corporation 2020 Incentive Performance Award Plan 10.3 2021 Lockheed Martin Corporation Management Incentive Compensation Plan as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2026 15 Acknowledgment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 31.1 Certification of James D. Taiclet pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Evan T. Scott pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification of James D. Taiclet and Evan T. Scott pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document contained in Exhibit 101 39 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Lockheed Martin Corporation (Registrant) Date: April 23, 2026 By: /s/ H. Edward Paul III H. Edward Paul III Vice President and Controller (Duly Authorized Officer and Chief Accounting Officer) 40 