=== DHR_2026-03-25.htm.gz ===
dhr-20260325 FALSE DEF 14A 0000313616 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares 0000313616 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000313616 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000313616 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000313616 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000313616 dhr:GrantDateFairValueOfOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:FairValueAtFiscalYearEndOfOutstandingAndUnvestedOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:ChangeInFairValueOfOutstandingAndUnvestedOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInPriorFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:FairValueAtVestingOfOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatVestedDuringFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:ChangeInFairValueAsOfVestingDateOfOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInPriorFiscalYearsForWhichApplicableVestingConditionsWereSatisfiedDuringFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:FairValueAsOfPriorFiscalYearEndOfOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInPriorFiscalYearsThatFailedToMeetApplicableVestingConditionsDuringFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:GrantDateFairValueOfOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:FairValueAtFiscalYearEndOfOutstandingAndUnvestedOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:ChangeInFairValueOfOutstandingAndUnvestedOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInPriorFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:FairValueAtVestingOfOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatVestedDuringFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:ChangeInFairValueAsOfVestingDateOfOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInPriorFiscalYearsForWhichApplicableVestingConditionsWereSatisfiedDuringFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000313616 dhr:FairValueAsOfPriorFiscalYearEndOfOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInPriorFiscalYearsThatFailedToMeetApplicableVestingConditionsDuringFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14A-6(E)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 DANAHER CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Items of Business 1 To elect the eleven directors named in the attached Proxy Statement to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. Date and Time May 5, 2026 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time 2 To ratify the selection of Ernst Young LLP as Danaher s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. Location There is no physical location for Danaher's 2026 Annual Meeting. Shareholders may instead attend virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DHR2026 3 To approve on an advisory basis the Company s named executive officer compensation. 4 To approve the Company's Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan. Who Can Vote Shareholders of Danaher Common Stock at the close of business on March 6, 2026 can vote at Danaher s 2026 Annual Meeting. Your vote is important. Please submit your proxy or voting instructions at your earliest convenience, whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. 5 To consider and act upon such other business as may properly come before the meeting or at any postponement or adjournment thereof. Attending the Meeting Shareholders who wish to attend the meeting should review the instructions set forth in the attached Proxy Statement under General Information About the Annual Meeting. By order of the Board of Directors, James F. O Reilly Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary; Chief Sustainability Officer Please refer to the enclosed proxy materials or the information forwarded by your bank, broker, trustee or other intermediary to see which voting methods are available to you. Review your proxy statement and vote in one of the following ways: Via the Internet By Telephone By Mail Visit the website listed on your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card or voting instruction form Call the telephone number on your proxy card or voting instruction form Sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction form in the enclosed envelope Date of Mailing We intend to mail the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials ( Notice of Internet Availability ), or the Proxy Statement and proxy card as applicable, to our shareholders on or about March 25, 2026. Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 3 Option Exercises and Stock Vested During Fiscal 2025 57 Proxy Summary 4 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-of-Control as of 2025 Fiscal Year-End 57 Proposal 1 - Election of Directors 11 Director Nominees 11 2025 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 59 Board Composition, Refreshment and Selection 15 Pay Versus Performance 60 Corporate Governance 18 Pay Ratio Disclosure 63 Corporate Governance Overview 18 Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans 64 Board Leadership, Succession Planning and Management Oversight 18 Employment Agreements 64 Omnibus Incentive Plan 64 Board of Directors and Committees of the Board 21 Supplemental Retirement Program 65 Shareholder Engagement and Alignment 24 Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan 66 Sustainability at Danaher 26 Proposal 3 - Advisory Vote on Named Executive Officer Compensation 67 Other Corporate Governance Matters 26 Director Compensation 28 Proposal 4 - Approval of Amended and Restated Danaher Corporation Omnibus Incentive Plan 68 Non-Management Director Compensation Program 28 Director Summary Compensation Table 29 Proposed Amendments to the Omnibus Plan 68 Director Independence and Related Person Transactions 31 Summary of the Plan (as proposed to be amended) 69 Equity Compensation Plan Information 73 Director Independence 31 General Information About the Annual Meeting 74 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 31 Purpose of the Meeting 74 Beneficial Ownership of Danaher Common Stock by Directors, Officers, and Principal Shareholders 33 Who Can Vote 74 Proxy Materials are Available on the Internet 74 Proposal 2 - Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 35 Quorum for the Meeting 74 Instructions for the Virtual Annual Meeting 74 Audit Fees and All Other Fees 36 How to Vote 75 Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 36 Revoking a Proxy or Voting Instructions 75 Voting Procedures 75 Audit Committee Report 37 Information About Proxy Solicitation 76 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Eliminating Duplicate Mailings 76 Executive Summary 38 Other Information 77 Risk Considerations 41 Information Relating to Forward-Looking Statements 77 Analysis of 2025 Named Executive Officer Compensation 42 Website Disclosure 77 Communications with the Board of Directors 77 Peer Group Compensation Analysis 47 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 77 Named Executive Officer Compensation Framework 48 Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2025 78 Other Compensation Policies and Information 48 Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for 2027 Annual Meeting 78 Compensation Committee Report 51 Compensation Tables and Information 52 Appendix A - Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures 79 2025 Summary Compensation Table 52 Grants of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal 2025 54 Appendix B - Amended and Restated Danaher Corporation Omnibus Incentive Plan 81 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 55 IMPORTANT NOTICE Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be held on May 5, 2026. This Proxy Statement and the accompanying Annual Report are available free of charge at: https://materials.proxyvote.com/235851 or investors.danaher.com/annual-report-and-proxy Table of Contents Proxy Summary Table of Contents 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 4 Voting Matters 4 Business Highlights 5 Corporate Governance Overview 6 Executive Compensation Highlights 9 To assist you in reviewing the proposals to be acted upon at our 2026 Annual Meeting, below is summary information regarding the meeting, each proposal to be voted upon at the meeting and Danaher Corporation s business performance, corporate governance and executive compensation. The following description is only a summary and does not contain all of the information you should consider before voting. For more information about these topics, please review Danaher Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and the complete Proxy Statement. In this Proxy Statement, the terms Danaher, the Company, "we," "us" or "our" refer to Danaher Corporation, Danaher Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries or the consolidated subsidiaries of Danaher Corporation, as the context requires. All financial data in this Proxy Statement refers to continuing operations unless otherwise indicated. 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Time and Date Location Record Date 3:00 p.m. Eastern time Tuesday, May 5, 2026 www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DHR2026 March 6, 2026 We intend to mail the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, or the Proxy Statement and proxy card as applicable, to our shareholders on or about March 25, 2026. Voting Matters Proposal Description Board Recommendation PROPOSAL 1 Election of directors (page 11 ) We are asking our shareholders to elect each of the eleven directors identified below to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. FOR each nominee PROPOSAL 2 Ratification of the appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm (page 35 ) We are asking our shareholders to ratify our Audit Committee s selection of Ernst Young LLP ( E Y ) to act as the independent registered public accounting firm for Danaher for 2026. Although our shareholders are not required to approve the selection of E Y, our Board of Directors (the "Board") believes that it is advisable to give our shareholders an opportunity to ratify this selection. FOR PROPOSAL 3 Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation (page 67 ) We are asking our shareholders to cast a non-binding, advisory vote on the compensation of the executive officers named in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table (the named executive officers or NEOs ) on page 52 . In evaluating this year s say on pay proposal, we recommend that you review our Compensation Discussion and Analysis, which explains how and why the Compensation Committee of our Board arrived at its executive compensation actions and decisions for 2025. FOR PROPOSAL 4 Approval of the Company's Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan (page 68 ) We are asking our shareholders to approve certain amendments to the Company's Omnibus Incentive Plan so that we can continue to grant compensation awards to attract, retain and reward employees and directors and closely align their interests with those of the Company s shareholders. FOR 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 4 Table of Contents Please see the sections titled General Information About the Annual Meeting and Other Information beginning on pages 74 and 77 respectively, for important information about the proxy materials, voting, the Annual Meeting, Company documents, communications and the deadlines to submit shareholder proposals and director nominations for next year s annual meeting of shareholders. Business Highlights 2025 Performance During 2025, Danaher operated in a dynamic environment marked by significant policy and regulatory shifts across geographies and continued macro-economic challenges for the healthcare industry. Notwithstanding these hurdles, we continued to invest in Danaher s future growth, investing approximately $1.6 billion in research and development and approximately $1.2 billion in capital expenditures to support future core growth. In addition, in February 2026, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Masimo Corporation, a leading specialty diagnostics provider of pulse oximetry and other patient monitoring systems, for an aggregate cash purchase price of approximately $9.9 billion, including assumed indebtedness and net of acquired cash. The Masimo transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of applicable regulatory clearances and Masimo shareholder approval. Even as we made these significant growth investments, in 2025 we returned approximately $4.0 billion to our shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends and generated the following financial returns: $ 24.6 Billion $ 4.7 Billion $ 6.4 Billion 2025 Sales 2025 Operating Profit 2025 Operating Cash Flow Long-Term Performance The graph below reflects Danaher's compound average annual shareholder return over the past twenty-five years, compared to the S P 500 and the Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund: (1) XLV = The Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Overview Our Board recognizes that Danaher s success over the long-term requires a robust framework of corporate governance that serves the best interests of all our shareholders and promotes robust risk oversight. Below are highlights of our corporate governance framework. Board composition is critical to our success. Over the past seven years our Board has added important new skills and experience, and average director nominee tenure has declined by more than 11%. Shareholders owning 25% or more of our outstanding shares may call a special meeting of shareholders. We have never had a shareholder rights plan. Our Bylaws provide for proxy access by shareholders. We have no supermajority voting requirements in our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws. Our Chairman and CEO positions are separate. All members of our Audit, Compensation and Nominating Governance Committees are independent as defined by the New York Stock Exchange listing standards and applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") rules. Our Board has established a Lead Independent Director position All of our directors are elected annually. Danaher (including its subsidiaries during the period we have owned them) has made no political contributions in the last decade , has no intention of contributing any Danaher funds for political purposes, and discloses its political expenditures policy on its public website. The 2025 CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability ranked Danaher as a First Tier company. In uncontested elections, our directors must be elected by a majority of the votes cast , and we have a director resignation policy that applies to any incumbent director who fails to receive such a majority. Our shareholders have the right to act by written consent. Shareholder Engagement Program We actively seek and highly value feedback from our shareholders. During 2025, in addition to our traditional Investor Relations outreach efforts, we contacted shareholders holding approximately 50% of our shares for engagement and engaged with shareholders representing approximately 20% of our shares. Attendees included members of our senior management and, in some cases, members of our Board of Directors. We shared feedback received during these meetings with the applicable Board committees, informing their decision-making. Topics covered included: Business Strategy Executive Compensation Financial Performance Sustainability Governance 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 6 Table of Contents Board of Directors Nominees Below is an overview of each of the director nominees you are being asked to elect at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Committee Memberships Director Name and Principal Occupation Independent Age Since A C N S E F Rainer M. Blair President and Chief Executive Officer Danaher Corporation 61 2020 o o o Feroz Dewan Chief Executive Officer Arena Holdings Management LLC 49 2022 o o o Linda Filler Former President of Retail Products, Chief Marketing Officer, and Chief Merchandising Officer Walgreen Co. 66 2005 l o Charles W. Lamanna Executive Vice President, Agents and Business Apps Microsoft Corporation 38 2025 o Teri L. List Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gap Inc. 63 2011 o l Mitchell P. Rales Chairman of the Executive Committee Danaher Corporation 69 1983 l l Steven M. Rales Chairman of the Board Danaher Corporation 74 1983 o o o A. Shane Sanders Former Senior Vice President of Business Transformation Verizon Communications Inc. 63 2021 l o Alan G. Spoon Former Managing General Partner Polaris Partners 74 1999 o Raymond C. Stevens, PhD Chief Executive Officer Structure Therapeutics 62 2017 o o Elias A. Zerhouni, MD President and Vice Chairman OPKO Health, Inc. 74 2009 o l l Chair o Member A = Audit Committee; C = Compensation Committee; N = Nominating Governance Committee; S = Science Technology Committee; E = Executive Committee; F = Finance Committee 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents Director Nominee Skills, Expertise and Backgrounds Director Nominee Age Director Nominees Who Joined Board Within Last 7 Years Skills and Experience Global/International Product Innovation Accounting llllllllll o 10 llllll ooooo 6 lll oooooooo 3 Life Sciences Digital/AI Technology Finance lll oooooooo 3 lllll oooooo 5 llllll ooooo 6 Diagnostics Mergers Acquisitions Branding/Marketing ll ooooooooo 2 llllllll ooo 8 l oooooooooo 1 Healthcare Management Public Company CEO and/or President Government, Legal or Regulatory l oooooooooo 1 lllllll oooo 7 l oooooooooo 1 2025 Meeting Attendance 98% Overall attendance at Board and Committee Meetings 10 director nominees attended 100% of Board and Committee Meetings There were 6 Board Meetings in 2025 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 8 Table of Contents Executive Compensation Highlights Overview of Executive Compensation Program As discussed in detail under Compensation Discussion and Analysis, with the goal of building long-term value for our shareholders, we have developed an executive compensation program designed to: attract and retain executives with the leadership skills, attributes and experience necessary to succeed in an enterprise with Danaher s size, diversity and global footprint; motivate executives to demonstrate exceptional personal performance and perform consistently at or above the levels that we expect, over the long-term and through a range of economic cycles; and link compensation to the achievement of corporate goals that we believe best correlate with the creation of long-term shareholder value. To achieve these objectives our compensation program combines annual and long-term components, cash and equity, and fixed and variable elements, with a bias toward long-term, performance-based equity awards tied closely to shareholder returns and subject to significant vesting and/or holding periods. Our executive compensation program rewards our executive officers when they help increase long-term shareholder value, achieve annual business goals and build long-term careers with Danaher. In view of Danaher s evolution into a more strategically focused life science and diagnostics company, in early 2026 the Compensation Committee made several changes to our executive compensation program to ensure that our program continues to effectively attract and incentivize talented executives, link pay to performance and align with Danaher s current business portfolio and strategy. Please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Summary - 2026 Updates to Executive Compensation Program on page 38 for a summary of these changes. Compensation Governance Our Compensation Committee also recognizes that the success of our executive compensation program over the long-term requires a robust framework of compensation governance. As a result, the Committee regularly reviews external executive compensation practices and trends and incorporated best practices into our 2025 executive compensation program: What We Do What We Don't Do Multi-year vesting requirement for stock options, and three-year performance period plus further two-year holding period for Performance Stock Units ("PSUs") No tax gross-up provisions (except as applicable to management employees generally such as our relocation policy) Incentive compensation programs feature multiple performance measures aligned with Company strategic performance metrics No dividends/dividend equivalents paid on unvested equity awards Short-term and long-term performance metrics that incorporate our absolute performance and relative performance versus peer companies No single trigger change of control benefits Rigorous, no-fault clawback policies that are triggered even in the absence of wrongdoing No defined benefit pension program for any NEO Minimum one-year vesting requirement for 95% of shares granted under the Company s stock plan No hedging of Danaher securities permitted Robust stock ownership requirements for all executive officers No long-term incentive compensation is denominated or paid in cash (other than PSU dividend accruals) Limited perquisites and a cap on CEO/CFO personal aircraft usage No above-market returns on deferred compensation plans Independent compensation consultant that performs no other services for the Company 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents Named Executive Officers 2025 Compensation The following table sets forth the 2025 compensation of our named executive officers. Please see page 52 for information regarding 2024 and 2023 compensation, as well as footnotes. Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Non-Equity Deferred Stock Option Incentive Plan Compensation All Other Name and Salary Bonus Awards Awards Compensation Earnings Compensation Total Principal Position ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) Rainer M. Blair, 1,400,000 0 9,292,370 8,386,657 4,194,400 0 521,853 23,795,280 President and CEO Matthew R. McGrew, 1,005,330 0 2,519,058 2,273,537 1,882,480 0 287,114 7,967,519 Executive Vice President and CFO Christopher P. Riley, 848,000 0 4,425,309 4,294,467 1,587,880 0 100,192 11,255,848 Executive Vice President Julie Sawyer Montgomery, 848,000 0 4,425,309 4,294,467 1,587,880 0 139,623 11,295,279 Executive Vice President Jose-Carlos Gutierrez-Ramos, 888,460 0 1,959,422 1,768,323 1,530,550 0 97,016 6,243,771 Senior Vice President and Chief Science Officer 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 10 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Table of Contents Director Nominees 11 Board Composition, Refreshment and Selection 15 Director Nominees We are seeking your support for the election of the eleven candidates (each of whom currently serves as a director of the Company) whom the Board has nominated to serve on the Board until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. We extend our gratitude to Mr. John T. Schwieters, who will be retiring from our Board as of the 2026 Annual Meeting, for his years of dedicated service to Danaher. Although as of the date of this Proxy Statement the number of directors is fixed at twelve, the Board has adopted a resolution that effective as of the time of the 2026 Annual Meeting, the size of the Board will be reduced to eleven. We believe the nominees set forth below have qualifications consistent with our position as a large, global and diversified science and technology company. We also believe these nominees have the experience and perspective to guide Danaher as we seek to sustainably expand our business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services, adjust to rapidly changing technologies, business cycles and competition and address the demands of a dynamic regulatory environment. Set forth below is biographical information regarding each candidate as of March 15, 2026. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the eleven nominees named in this Proxy Statement. In the event a nominee declines or is unable to serve, the proxies may be voted in the discretion of the proxy holders for a substitute nominee designated by the Board, or the Board may reduce the number of directors to be elected. We know of no reason why this will occur. Rainer M. Blair (Age 61) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Chief Executive Officer 2020 Nestl Mr. Blair has served as Danaher s President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2020. Since joining Danaher in 2010, Mr. Blair has served in a series of progressively more responsible general management positions (and as a Danaher officer since 2014), including as Vice President - Group Executive from March 2014 until January 2017 and as Executive Vice President from January 2017 until September 2020. Mr. Blair s broad operating and functional experience across diverse end-markets and geographies, in-depth knowledge of Danaher s businesses and of the Danaher Business System and leadership experience from his service in the U.S. Army are particularly valuable to the Board given the global, diverse nature of Danaher s portfolio. In addition, Mr. Blair adds deep multi-cultural experience having lived and worked on three continents. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Global/International Life Sciences Diagnostics Product Innovation M A Public Company CEO and/or President Executive Finance Science Technology 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents Feroz Dewan (Age 49) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Independent 2022 None Mr. Dewan has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Arena Holdings Management LLC, an investment holding company, since 2016. Previously, Mr. Dewan served in a series of positions with Tiger Global Management, an investment firm, from 2003 to 2015, including most recently as Head of Public Equities. He also served as a Private Equity Associate at Silver Lake Partners, a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in technology, technology-enabled and related industries, from 2002 to 2003. Within the past five years, Mr. Dewan served on the board of directors of Fortive Corporation. Mr. Dewan s qualifications to sit on the Board include, among other factors, extensive experience in the technology industry and with technology-related companies, including extensive experience in valuation, investments and acquisitions, financial reporting, risk management, corporate governance, capital allocation, and operational oversight. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Global/International Digital/AI Technology M A Accounting Finance Finance Nominating Governance Science Technology Linda Filler (Age 66) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Independent 2005 The Carlyle Group Veralto Corporation Ms. Filler retired as President of Retail Products, Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Merchandising Officer at Walgreen Co., a retail pharmacy company, in April 2017. Prior to Walgreen Co., Ms. Filler served as President, North America of Claire s Stores, Inc., a specialty retailer, in Executive Vice President roles at Walmart Inc., a retail and wholesale operations company, and at Kraft Foods, Inc., a food and beverage manufacturing and processing company. Prior to Kraft Foods, Inc., Ms. Filler served for a number of years at Hanesbrands Inc., a multinational clothing company, including Chief Executive Officer roles for its largest branded apparel businesses. Ms. Filler has served in senior management roles with leading retail and consumer goods companies, with general management responsibilities and responsibilities in the areas of marketing, branding and merchandising. Understanding and responding to the needs of our customers is fundamental to Danaher s business strategy, and Ms. Filler s keen marketing and branding insights have been a valuable resource to Danaher s Board. Her prior leadership experiences with large public companies have given her valuable perspective for matters of global portfolio strategy and capital allocation as well as global business practices. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Global/International Product Innovation M A Public Company CEO and/or President Branding/Marketing Nominating Governance (Chair) Science Technology Charles W. Lamanna (Age 38) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Independent 2025 None Since first joining Microsoft Corporation, a technology company, in 2009, Mr. Lamanna has served in a series of progressively more responsible positions with the company. He currently serves as Executive Vice President, Agents and Business Apps at Microsoft, where he drives product innovation in artificial intelligence ("AI")-powered business applications, low-code platforms, and autonomous agents. He oversees the design, product development, and engineering of some of Microsoft s most transformative technologies, including Business Apps and Agents and the Office 365 Services and Copilot platforms. Mr. Lamanna led pivotal work in advancing Microsoft Copilot, transforming AI from concept into real-world tools that enable millions to work more efficiently. Prior to that, he played a key role in developing Microsoft Azure s infrastructure, leading engineering teams behind key services that helped establish Azure as a leading cloud platform. From 2012-2013, he was the founder and CEO of MetricsHub, one of the first public cloud management solutions, which Microsoft acquired in 2013. Mr. Lamanna s extensive leadership experience in AI and his insights into the application of AI to business processes are a valuable resource for Danaher s Board, given the potential impact of AI on the life sciences and healthcare sectors. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Global/International Product Innovation Digital/AI Technology Science Technology 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 12 Table of Contents Teri L. List (Age 63) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Independent 2011 Microsoft Corporation Visa Inc. lululemon athletica inc. Ms. List served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gap Inc., a global clothing retailer, from January 2017 until March 2020. Prior to joining Gap, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dick s Sporting Goods, Inc., a sporting goods retailer, from August 2015 to August 2016, and with Kraft Foods Group, Inc., a food and beverage company, as Advisor from March 2015 to May 2015, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from December 2013 to February 2015 and as Senior Vice President of Finance from September 2013 to December 2013. From 1994 to September 2013, Ms. List served in a series of progressively more responsible positions in the accounting and finance organization of The Procter Gamble Company, a consumer goods company, most recently as Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Prior to joining Procter Gamble, Ms. List was employed by the accounting firm of Deloitte Touche for almost ten years. Within the past five years, Ms. List served on the board of directors of Oscar Health, Inc. and DoubleVerify Holdings, Inc. Ms. List is a highly accomplished executive with decades of financial and leadership experience. Her background dealing with complex finance and accounting matters across multiple industries enables her to provide the Board with perspectives and expertise on risk management, strategic planning, and financial oversight. In addition, having served as the Chief Financial Officer of large publicly-traded companies, and through her board and committee memberships, she has extensive experience in corporate finance and accounting, financial reporting and internal controls, human resources and compensation, which contributes to her service on our Audit and Compensation Committees. Ms. List also has prior executive experience overseeing information technology and cybersecurity functions, which helps inform the Audit Committee's oversight of the Company' risks in these areas. Given Ms. List's extensive experience as a Chief Financial Officer, her proficiency in accounting, her knowledge of and dedication to Danaher and her retirement from full-time employment, our Board has determined that Ms. List's simultaneous service on the audit committees of more than three public companies does not impair her ability to effectively serve on our Audit Committee. In 2025, Ms. List attended all of the meetings of the Danaher Board and of the committees on which she served. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Global/International Digital/AI Technology M A Accounting Finance Audit Compensation (Chair) Mitchell P. Rales (Age 69) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Chairman of the Executive Committee 1983 ESAB Corporation Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served as Chairman of the Executive Committee of Danaher since 1984. He was also President of the Company from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is a brother of Steven M. Rales. Within the past five years, Mr. Rales served on the board of directors of Fortive Corporation and Enovis Corporation. The strategic vision and leadership of Mr. Rales and his brother, Steven Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of the Company s shareholders. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Global/International M A Public Company CEO and/or President Finance Executive (Chair) Finance (Chair) Steven M. Rales (Age 74) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Chairman of the Board 1983 None Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served as Danaher s Chairman of the Board since 1984. He was also CEO of the Company from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is a brother of Mitchell P. Rales. Within the past five years, Mr. Rales served on the board of directors of Fortive Corporation. The strategic vision and leadership of Mr. Rales and his brother, Mitchell Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of the Company s shareholders. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Global/International M A Public Company CEO and/or President Finance Executive Finance Science Technology 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents A. Shane Sanders (Age 63) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Independent 2021 Commvault Mr. Sanders served in a series of progressively more responsible leadership positions with Verizon Communications Inc., a telecommunications company, from 1997 until December 2022, including most recently as Senior Vice President of Business Transformation from March 2020 to December 2022 and as Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance from 2015 to March 2020. Alongside Verizon s Chief Security Officer, Mr. Sanders led the implementation of the Verizon Enterprise Security Council which focused on cybersecurity and IT security risk management. Prior to joining Verizon, Mr. Sanders served in various finance roles at Hallmark Cards, Inc., a retailer of greeting cards and gifts, and Safelite Group, Inc., a provider of vehicle glass repair, and began his career at Grant Thornton, an audit, tax and advisory firm, in 1984. Mr. Sanders leadership experiences in Verizon s accounting and finance organization spanned a range of functional areas, including financial planning and analysis, risk management, audit and public reporting and compliance. His broad and deep experience in a large, dynamic organization gives him a keen understanding of the range of finance and accounting matters and judgments Danaher encounters. Mr. Sanders experience overseeing IT security management and incident response informs our Audit Committee s oversight of those functions. In addition, his business transformation experience offers valuable perspectives as Danaher continues to grow and evolve its portfolio of businesses. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Global/International Digital/AI Technology M A Accounting Finance Audit (Chair) Nominating Governance Alan G. Spoon (Age 74) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Independent 1999 Ralliant Corp IAC Mr. Spoon served as Partner Emeritus of Polaris Partners, an investment firm, from January 2016 to June 2018, Managing General Partner from 2000 to 2010 and Partner from 2000 to 2018. Within the past five years, Mr. Spoon served on the board of directors of Cable One, Inc., Match Group, and Fortive Corporation. In addition to his leadership roles at Polaris Partners, Mr. Spoon has previously served as president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer of one of the country s largest, publicly-traded education and media companies, and has served on the boards of numerous public and private companies. His public company leadership experience gives him insight into business strategy, leadership and executive compensation and his public company and private equity experience give him insight into technology and life science trends, acquisition strategy and financing, each of which represents an area of key strategic opportunity for the Company. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Product Innovation Digital/AI Technology M A Public Company CEO and/or President Finance Compensation Raymond C. Stevens, PH.D. (Age 62) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Independent 2017 Structure Therapeutics Professor Stevens has served as Chief Executive Officer, and as a director, of Structure Therapeutics (formerly known as ShouTi), a biotechnology company, since May 2019. He also served as Provost Professor of Biological Sciences and Chemistry, and Founder and Director of The Bridge Institute, at the University of Southern California, a private research university, from July 2014 to August 2021. From 1999 until July 2014, he served as Professor of Molecular Biology and Chemistry with The Scripps Research Institute, a non-profit research organization. Professor Stevens has also launched multiple biotechnology companies focused on drug discovery. Professor Stevens is considered among the world s most influential biomedical scientists in molecular research. A pioneer in human cellular behavior research, he has been involved in the creation of therapeutic molecules that led to breakthrough drugs targeting influenza, childhood diseases, neuromuscular disorders and diabetes. Professor Stevens insights in the area of molecular research, as well as his experience bringing industry and academia together to advance drug development, are highly beneficial to Danaher given our strategic focus on the development of research tools used to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies and test new drugs and vaccines. His extensive experience living and working in China is also valuable to Danaher given China s strategic significance to our business. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Global/International Life Sciences Product Innovation Public Company CEO and/or President Audit Science Technology 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 14 Table of Contents Elias A. Zerhouni, MD (Age 74) Director Since: Other Public Directorships: Independent 2009 OPKO Health, Inc. Dr. Zerhouni has served as President and Vice Chairman of the Board of OPKO Health, Inc. a medical test and medication company, since May 2022. He was chairman and co-founder of ModeX Therapeutics Inc., a biotechnology company focused on multi specific-immune therapies for cancer and viral diseases, from October 2020 until its acquisition by OPKO in May 2022. Dr. Zerhouni previously served as President, Global Research Development, for Sanofi S.A., a global pharmaceutical company, from 2011 to June 2018. From 2008 until 2011, Dr. Zerhouni provided advisory and consulting services to various non-profit and other organizations as Chairman and President of Zerhouni Holdings. From 2002 to 2008, he served as director of the National Institutes of Health, and from 1996 to 2002, he served as Chair of the Russell H. Morgan Department of Radiology and Radiological Sciences, Vice Dean for Research and Executive Vice Dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. Dr. Zerhouni, a physician, scientist and world-renowned leader in radiology research, is widely viewed as one of the leading authorities in the United States on emerging trends and issues in medicine and medical care. These insights, as well as his deep, technical knowledge of the research and clinical applications of medical technologies, are of considerable importance given Danaher s strategic focus in medical technologies. Dr. Zerhouni s government experience also gives him a strong understanding of how government agencies work, and his experience growing up in North Africa, together with the global nature of the issues he faced at NIH and his role at France-based Sanofi, give him a global perspective that is valuable to Danaher. Skills and Qualifications: Committees: Global/International Life Sciences Diagnostics Healthcare Management Product Innovation Public Company CEO and/or President Government, Legal or Regulatory Science Technology (Chair) Nominating Governance THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH OF THE FOREGOING NOMINEES. Board Composition, Refreshment and Selection Our Approach to Board Composition and Refreshment The composition of our Board is a key component of Danaher s success. Our strategy and our diverse portfolio of leading science and technology businesses require a Board with the collective experience and perspective to lead us as we: expand in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments; identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions; develop innovative and differentiated new products and services; respond to rapidly changing technologies, business cycles and competition; and address the demands of a dynamic regulatory environment. At least annually, our Nominating Governance Committee uses our Board skills matrix as well as the results of our annual Board, committee and individual director evaluation process to assess Board composition and make recommendations to complement and enhance our current Board, considering in particular relevant experience; tenure and diversity of skills, background and experience; capacity; and refreshment: Relevant Experience Tenure and Diversity of Skills, Background Experience The evolution and refreshment of our Board over more than a decade reflects the evolution of our portfolio. As we have sharpened our strategic focus in the areas of healthcare and life sciences, we have added to our Board an expert in AI and world-renowned physician and scientist with expertise in medicine and medical care, molecular research, data science, healthcare policy and academia. Recognizing the breadth of its responsibilities, we ve also further enhanced our Board's existing capabilities in areas such as technology, capital allocation, corporate finance, accounting, risk management and compliance. Our Board believes that the balance of tenures, and the diverse skills, backgrounds and experiences, reflected on our Board enhances its effectiveness. Given the critical role of acquisitions in our overall strategy and our broad portfolio, it is important that our Board include members with the experience of having led the Company through a range of M A and economic cycles. At the same time, our Board seeks to thoughtfully balance the knowledge and experience that comes from longer-term Danaher Board service with the fresh perspectives and additional expertise that can come from new directors. The Board does not have a formal or informal policy with respect to diversity but believes that the Board, taken as a whole, should embody a diverse set of skills, knowledge, experiences and backgrounds appropriate in light of the Company s needs. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents Director Capacity and Availability Refreshment Our Board believes all Danaher directors must be willing and able to devote the substantial time required to carry out their duties and responsibilities as Board members. Please see Director Capacity and Availability below for details regarding implementation of this expectation. Board refreshment has been a natural outcome of the evolution described above. We have added four new directors over the past seven years, which along with director retirements have reduced Danaher's average director nominee tenure by more than 11% over that period. Director Nominee Skills, Expertise and Background The chart that follows illustrates the diverse set of skills, expertise and backgrounds represented by the Company's 2026 director nominees. Skills and Expertise Blair Dewan Filler Lamanna List M . Rales S. Rales Sanders Spoon Stevens Zerhouni TOTAL Global/International l l l l l l l l l l 10 Life Sciences l l l 3 Diagnostics l l 2 Healthcare Management l 1 Product Innovation l l l l l l 6 Digital/AI Technology l l l l l 5 M A l l l l l l l l 8 Public Company CEO and/or President l l l l l l l 7 Accounting l l l 3 Finance l l l l l l 6 Branding/Marketing l 1 Government, Legal or Regulatory l 1 Age 61 49 66 38 63 69 74 63 74 62 74 Of the Company s 2026 director nominees: 82% are male and 18% are female; 73% identify as Caucasian and 27% as Black, North African or South Asian; 27% were born outside the United States; and 18% are veterans of the U.S. military. Director Capacity and Availability Our Corporate Governance Guidelines make clear that among other criteria required to serve on the Danaher Board, Danaher directors must have availability to devote sufficient time to the affairs of the Company. No Danaher director may serve on more than three boards of public companies in addition to the Danaher Board, and all of our directors are in compliance with this requirement. The Guidelines further require that directors provide notice before accepting membership on another board of directors, audit committee or other significant committee assignment, and before establishing any significant relationship with any business, institution or governmental or regulatory entity. Our Nominating Governance Committee reviews our Corporate Governance Guidelines annually, including the provisions above. As part of our annual Board, committee and individual director evaluation process (discussed below), our Board has determined that each of our directors has demonstrated the ability to commit sufficient time and capacity to their Board duties. In making this determination, the Board considered in particular Board and committee meeting attendance records, meeting preparation, contribution to Board discussions and decision-making and engagement with other members of the Board and management. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 16 Table of Contents Director Selection and Orientation Director Selection The Board and its Nominating Governance Committee believe that it is important that our directors demonstrate: personal and professional integrity and character; prominence and reputation in the director s profession; skills, expertise and background (including business or other relevant experience) that in aggregate are useful and appropriate in overseeing and providing strategic direction with respect to Danaher s business and serving the long-term interests of Danaher s shareholders; the capacity and desire to represent the interests of the shareholders as a whole; and availability to devote sufficient time to the affairs of Danaher. The Nominating Governance Committee is responsible for recommending to the Board a slate of nominees for election at each annual meeting of shareholders. Below is a summary of how the Committee sources and evaluates nominees, and how shareholders may refer candidates to the Committee. Sourcing Nominees. Nominees may be suggested by a third-party search firm engaged by the Committee, directors, members of management or shareholders. When Danaher recruits a director candidate, the candidate will meet with members of the Board, and the Committee, with the support of the search firm, will conduct inquiries and background checks it deems appropriate. If a prospective nominee has been identified other than in connection with a director search process initiated by the Committee, an initial determination is made whether to conduct a full evaluation. This determination is based primarily on whether a new or additional Board member is necessary or appropriate at such time, the likelihood that the prospective nominee can satisfy the evaluation factors described herein and any other factors the Committee may deem appropriate. Referrals . A shareholder who wishes to recommend a prospective nominee for the Board should notify the Nominating Governance Committee in writing using the procedures described below under Other Information Communications with the Board of Directors with whatever supporting material the shareholder considers appropriate. Evaluation Factors . The Committee considers a wide range of factors when assessing potential director nominees. This includes consideration of the current composition of the Board, any perceived need for one or more particular areas of expertise, the balance of management and independent directors, the need for committee-specific expertise, evaluations of other prospective nominees and the qualifications of each potential nominee relative to needed attributes, skills and experience. Director Orientation Our new director orientation program includes site visits and extensive meetings with Danaher management. The program familiarizes new directors with Danaher s businesses, strategies, policies and the Danaher Business System ("DBS"); assists them in developing company and industry knowledge to optimize their Board service; and educates them with respect to their fiduciary duties and legal responsibilities and Danaher s sustainability framework. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Table of Contents Corporate Governance Overview 18 Board Leadership, Succession Planning and Management Oversight 18 Board of Directors and Committees of the Board 21 Shareholder Engagement and Alignment 24 Sustainability at Danaher 26 Other Corporate Governance Matters 26 Corporate Governance Overview Our Board of Directors recognizes that Danaher s success over the long-term requires a robust framework of corporate governance that serves the best interests of all our shareholders and promotes robust risk oversight. Please see "Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Overview" for information about our corporate governance framework. Board Leadership, Succession Planning and Management Oversight Board Leadership Structure Chairman of the Board The Board has separated the positions of Chairman and CEO because it believes that, at this time, this structure best enables the Board to ensure that Danaher s business and affairs are managed effectively and in the best interests of shareholders. This is particularly the case in light of the fact that the Company s Chairman is Steven Rales, a co-founder of the Company who owns approximately 6% of the Company s outstanding shares, served as CEO of the Company from 1984 to 1990 and continues to serve as an executive officer of the Company. As a result of his substantial ownership stake in the Company, the Board believes that Mr. Rales is uniquely able to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of the Company s shareholders. Moreover, Mr. Rales uses his management experience with the Company and Board tenure to help ensure that the non-management directors have a keen understanding of the Company s business as well as the strategic and other risks and opportunities that the Company faces. This enables the Board to more effectively provide insight and direction to, and exercise oversight of, the Company s President and CEO and the rest of the management team responsible for the Company s day-to-day business (including with respect to risk management). Lead Independent Director Because our Chairman is not independent within the meaning of the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") listing standards, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require the appointment of a Lead Independent Director and our independent directors have appointed Ms. Filler as Lead Independent Director. As Lead Independent Director, Ms. Filler: Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman of the Board and the Chairman of the Executive Committee are not present, including the executive sessions of non-management directors, typically held at the end of each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Has the authority to call meetings of the independent directors. Ms. Filler has exercised this authority by typically requiring meetings of the non-management directors at the end of regularly scheduled Board meetings. Serves as a liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors. Ms. Filler engages frequently with Mr. Steven Rales on a range of topics relating to the Board and the Company's governance program. Approves information and meeting agendas sent to the Board. Approves meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items. Engages with major shareholders, including direct communication, as appropriate. Our Board believes that having the same director serve as both Lead Independent Director and chair of the Nominating Governance Committee, as Ms. Filler does, offers valuable leadership synergies. In particular, Ms. Filler s role leading the annual Board, committee and individual director evaluation process, as chair of the Nominating Governance Committee, enhances her Lead Independent Director 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 18 Table of Contents effectiveness in acting as a liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors and engaging with the Chairman on governance matters. Board Leadership Succession Planning The Board addresses succession planning for key Board leadership roles (such as Chairman of the Board, Lead Independent Director and Committee chairs) by seeking to ensure the depth of expertise on the Board is sufficient to provide appropriate successors in the event of a succession event. Board Oversight of Management Strategy One of the Board s primary responsibilities is overseeing management s development and execution of the Company s strategy. At least quarterly, the CEO, members of our executive leadership team and other business leaders provide detailed business and strategy updates to the Board. The Board annually conducts an even more in-depth review of the Company s overall strategy. At these reviews, the Board engages with our executive leadership team and other business leaders regarding business objectives and the application of DBS, the competitive landscape, economic and market trends and other developments. On an annual basis the Board also reviews the Company s human capital, risk assessment/risk management, compliance and sustainability programs as well as the Company s operating budget, and at meetings occurring throughout the year the Board reviews acquisitions, strategic investments and other capital allocation topics as well as the Company s operating and financial performance, among other matters. The Board also looks to the expertise of its committees to inform strategic oversight in their areas of focus. Strategy Spotlights Spotlight: Strategic Acquisitions The Board oversees Danaher s strategic acquisition and integration process . Danaher views acquisitions as an important element of our strategy to deliver long-term shareholder value. Our Board nominees include eight members with extensive business combination experience. That depth of experience allows the Board to constructively engage with management and effectively evaluate acquisitions for alignment with our strategy, culture and financial goals. Management is charged with identifying potential acquisition targets, executing transactions and managing integration, and our Board s oversight extends to each of these elements. Management and the Board regularly discuss potential acquisitions and their role in the Company s overall business strategy. These discussions address acquisitions in process and potential future acquisitions, and cover a broad range of matters which may include valuation, due diligence, risk and anticipated synergies with Danaher s businesses and strategy. With respect to more significant acquisitions, such as the Company s 2020 acquisition of Cytiva, the 2021 acquisition of Aldevron, the 2023 acquisition of Abcam and the pending acquisition of Masimo, the Board typically discusses and evaluates the proposed opportunity over multiple meetings. The Board s acquisition oversight also extends across transactions and over time; at least annually the Board reviews and provides feedback regarding the operational and financial performance of our historical acquisitions. Spotlight: Human Capital Management Spotlight: CEO Succession Planning The Board and Compensation Committee engage with our senior leadership team and human resources executives on a regular basis across a range of human capital management topics . As discussed above, Danaher is committed to attracting, developing, engaging and retaining the best people from around the world to sustain and grow our science and technology leadership. Working with management, the Board and Compensation Committee oversee matters including culture, succession planning and development, compensation, benefits, talent recruiting and retention, and associate engagement. The Board reviews the Company s human capital strategy annually and at other times during the year in connection with significant initiatives and acquisitions, supported by the Compensation Committee s oversight of our executive and equity compensation programs. With the support of our Nominating Governance Committee, our Board maintains and annually reviews both a long-term succession plan and an emergency succession plan for the CEO position . The foundation of the long-term CEO succession planning process is a CEO development model consisting of three dimensions: critical experiences, leadership capabilities and personal characteristics/traits. The Board uses the development model as a guide in preparing candidates, and also in evaluating candidates for the CEO and other executive positions at the Board s annual talent review and succession planning session. At the annual session, the Board evaluates and compares candidates using the development model, and reviews each candidate s development actions, progress and performance over time. The candidate evaluations are supplemented with periodic 360-degree performance appraisals, and the Board also regularly interacts with candidates at Board dinners and lunches, through Board meeting presentations and at the Company s annual leadership conference. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents Risk The Board's role in risk oversight at the Company is consistent with our leadership structure, with management having day-to-day responsibility for assessing and managing our risk exposure and the Board and its committees overseeing those efforts, with particular emphasis on the most significant risks facing the Company. The Board administers its risk oversight responsibilities both through active review and discussion of key risks facing the Company and by delegating certain risk oversight responsibilities to the Board committees. Generally, the Board delegates risk oversight responsibility to its committees where it believes the committee's focused expertise will support efficient and effective oversight, and each committee typically has responsibility with respect to risks that are associated with the purpose of, and responsibilities delegated to, that committee. Each of the Audit, Compensation, Nominating Governance, and Science and Technology Committees reports to the full Board on a regular basis, including as appropriate with respect to the committee s risk oversight activities. The timeframe over which the Board and its committees evaluate risk typically varies depending on the nature of the risk. From time to time, the Board and/or its committees may also consider inputs from outside advisors with respect to certain risks and risk trends. With respect to the manner in which the Board s risk oversight function impacts the Board s leadership structure, as described above, our Board believes that Mr. Steven Rales management experience and tenure help the Board to more effectively exercise its risk oversight function. The graphic below summarizes the primary areas of risk overseen by the Board and by each of its committees. Board Risks associated with Danaher's strategic plan, acquisition and capital allocation program, capital structure, liquidity, organizational structure and other significant risks, and overall risk assessment and risk management policies. p p p p p q q q q Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating Governance Committee Science Technology Committee Major financial risk exposures, significant legal, compliance, reputational, cybersecurity, AI, climate and privacy risks and overall risk assessment and risk management policies Risks associated with compensation policies and practices, including incentive compensation Risks related to corporate governance, effectiveness of Board and committee oversight, Board composition and independence, selection of director candidates, conflicts of interest and sustainability Risks related to potentially disruptive science and technology trends and opportunities, including with respect to AI p p p p q q q q q Management Responsibility for assessing and managing Danaher's risk exposure. Danaher's Risk Committee (consisting of members of senior management including our Chief Legal Officer and our Chief Compliance Officer (who reports to our Chief Legal Officer)) periodically inventories, assesses and prioritizes the most significant risks facing the Company as well as related mitigation efforts and provides a report to the Board. Danaher's disclosure controls and procedures documentation specifically references our enterprise risk assessment process as an element of our disclosure controls and procedures, and requires membership overlap between Danaher's Disclosure Committee and Danaher's Risk Committee. Risk Spotlight: Cybersecurity Danaher s cybersecurity strategy and risk management program focuses on seeking to maintain a secure environment for our data that complies with applicable legal requirements and effectively supports our business objectives and customer needs. Our commitment to cybersecurity emphasizes cultivation of a security-minded culture through education and training, and a programmatic and layered approach to prevention and detection of, and response to, cybersecurity threats. Key elements of our program include: cybersecurity policies that articulate our expectations and requirements with respect to topics such as acceptable use of technology and data, data privacy, risk management, education and awareness and event and incident management; regular education of and sharing best practices with our associates to raise awareness of cybersecurity threats; assessment of information technology/cybersecurity risks as part of Danaher s Enterprise Risk Management program; maintenance of cyber insurance in amounts and subject to coverage terms that are typical for companies of our type and size (however, such insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches); and periodic engagement of external consultants to assess our cybersecurity program. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 20 Table of Contents We also strive to implement and maintain layered controls designed to prevent and, where necessary, detect and respond to cybersecurity threats, including controls designed to facilitate identification of third-party cybersecurity risks. At the management level, Danaher s cybersecurity program is led by the Company s Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ), who reports to Danaher s Chief Information Officer ( CIO ), who in turn reports to Danaher s Chief Technology Artificial Intelligence Officer. The CISO is supported by the Information Risk Steering Committee, a management committee comprising senior members of the information technology, legal, privacy, finance, internal audit and communications functions. At the Board level, Danaher s Board of Directors has delegated to the Audit Committee of the Board responsibility for oversight of risks relating to cybersecurity, as set forth in the Committee s charter. Multiple members of Danaher s Audit Committee have prior work experience overseeing or assessing a cybersecurity function. Danaher s CISO and CIO update the Audit Committee multiple times per year regarding Danaher s cybersecurity program, including key program metrics, initiatives and developments. The Audit Committee regularly briefs the full Board on these matters. In addition, in the event of a significant cybersecurity incident, Danaher policy and process requires timely engagement of and consultation with the Audit Committee. Board of Directors and Committees of the Board General The Board met six times in 2025. All directors attended at least 87% (and ten of the directors attended 100%) of the total number of meetings of the Board and of the committees of the Board on which they served held during the period they served. Danaher typically schedules a Board meeting in conjunction with each annual meeting of shareholders and as a general matter expects that the members of the Board will attend the annual meeting. All of our directors at the time attended the Company s annual meeting in May 2025. The membership of each of the Board s committees as of March 1, 2026 is set forth below. While each of the committees is authorized to delegate its powers to sub-committees, none of the committees did so during 2025. The Audit, Compensation, Nominating Governance and Science Technology Committees report to the Board on their actions and recommendations at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Each such committee typically meets in executive session, without the presence of management, at its regularly scheduled meetings. Name of Director Audit Compensation Nominating Governance Science Technology Executive Finance Rainer M. Blair o o o Feroz Dewan o o o Linda Filler l o Charles W. Lamanna o Teri L. List o l Mitchell P. Rales l l Steven M. Rales o o o A. Shane Sanders l o John T. Schwieters o Alan G. Spoon o Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D. o o Elias A. Zerhouni, MD o l # of Meetings Held in 2025 8 9 4 5 0 0 l Chair o Member Audit Committee Members: Principal Responsibilities: A. Shane Sanders (Chair) Teri L. List John T. Schwieters Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D. A ssist the Board in overseeing the: quality and integrity of Danaher s financial statements; effectiveness of Danaher s internal control over financial reporting; qualifications, independence and performance of Danaher s independent auditors; performance of Danaher s internal audit function; company's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; risks described above under Board Oversight of Management - Risk ; and company s swaps and derivatives transactions and related policies and procedures. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents Review with management and with the independent auditor, as applicable, the use of AI in connection with the Company's financial statements, internal controls over financial reporting, the independent auditor's audits and reviews of the foregoing and the Company's internal audit program. Prepare the Audit Committee Report included in the Company's annual meeting proxy statement The Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee is independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3(b) (1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act") and the NYSE listing standards, is financially literate within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards, and qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Compensation Committee Members: Teri L. List (Chair) Alan G. Spoon Principal Responsibilities: Discharge the Board's responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive officers, including setting goals and objectives for, evaluating the performance of, and approving the compensation paid to, our executive officers; Review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the adoption, amendment and termination of all executive incentive compensation plans and all equity compensation plans, and exercise all authority of the Board (and all responsibilities assigned by such plans to the Committee) with respect to the oversight and adm inistration of such plans; Review and consider the results of shareholder advisory votes on the Company s executive compensation, and make recommendations to the Board regarding the frequency of such advisory votes; Monitor compliance by directors and executive officers with the Company s stock ownership requirements; Assist the Board in overseeing the risks described above under Board Oversight of Management - Risk ; Review and discuss with Company management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and recommend to the Board the inclusion of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in the annual meeting proxy statement; Prepare the Compensation Committee report included in the annual meeting proxy statement; and Consider factors relating to independence and conflicts of interests in connection with the engagement of the compensation consultants that provide advice to the Committee. Each member of the Compensation Committee is a "non-employee director" for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and, based on the determination of the Board, independent under the NYSE listing standards and under Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. Management Role in Supporting the Compensation Committee: Members of our senior management generally attend the Compensation Committee meetings. In addition, our CEO: provides background regarding the interrelationship between our business objectives and executive compensation matters and advises on the alignment of incentive plan performance measures with our overall strategy; participates in the Committee s discussions regarding the performance and compensation of the other executive officers and provides recommendations to the Committee regarding all significant elements of compensation paid to such officers, their annual, personal performance objectives and his evaluation of their performance (the Committee gives considerable weight to our CEO s evaluation of and recommendations with respect to the other executive officers because of his direct knowledge of each such officer s performance and contributions); and provides feedback regarding the companies that he believes Danaher competes with in the marketplace and for executive talent. Our human resources and legal departments also assist the Committee Chair in scheduling and setting the agendas for the Committee s meetings, preparing meeting materials and providing the Committee with data relating to executive compensation as requested by the Committee. Independent Compensation Consultant Role in Supporting the Compensation Committee: Under the terms of its charter, the Committee has the authority to engage the services of outside advisors and experts. The Committee has engaged Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. ( FW Cook ) as its independent compensation consultant since 2008. The Committee engages FW Cook because it is considered one of the premier independent compensation consulting firms and has never provided any services to the Company other than the compensation-related services provided to or at the direction of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Governance Committee. FW Cook takes its direction solely from the Compensation Committee (and with respect to matters relating to the non-management director compensation program, the Nominating Governance Committee). In addition to the director compensation advice provided to the Nominating Governance Committee, FW Cook s primary responsibilities in 2025 were to: provide advice and data in connection with the structuring of the executive and equity compensation programs and the compensation levels for the Company s executive officers compared to their peers; assess the Company s executive compensation program in the context of compensation governance best practices; update the Committee regarding legislative and regulatory initiatives as well as emerging trends and investor views in the area of executive compensation; provide data regarding the share dilution costs attributable to the Company s aggregate equity compensation program; and assist in the review of the Company s executive compensation public disclosures. The Committee does not place any material limitations on the scope of the feedback provided by FW Cook. In the course of discharging its responsibilities, FW Cook may from time to time and with the Committee s consent, request from management information regarding compensation amounts and practices, the interrelationship between our business objectives and executive compensation matters, the nature of the Company s executive officer responsibilities and other business information. The Committee has considered whether the 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 22 Table of Contents work performed for or at the direction of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Governance Committee raises any conflict of interest, taking into account the factors listed in Exchange Act Rule 10C-1(b)(4), and has concluded that such work does not create any conflict of interest. Nominating Governance Committee Members: Linda Filler (Chair) Feroz Dewan A. Shane Sanders John T. Schwieters Elias A. Zerhouni, MD Principal Responsibilities: Assist the Board in identifying individuals qualified to become Board members, and make recommendations to the Board regarding all nominees for Board membership; Make recommendations to the Board regarding the size and composition of the Board and its committees; Make recommendations to the Board regarding matters of corporate governance, oversee the operation of Danaher s Corporate Governance Guidelines and Related Person Transactions Policy and approve related person transactions; Develop and oversee the annual evaluation process for the Board, its committees, and our directors; Assist the Board in CEO succession planning; Assist the Board in overseeing the risks described above under Board Oversight of Management - Risk ; Review and make recommendations to the Board regarding non-management director compensation; Oversee the orientation process for newly elected members of the Board and continuing director education; Oversee the Company s sustainability program; and Oversee the Company's AI governance framework, including policies and related processes, relating to its responsible development and use of AI. The Board has determined that all of the members of the Nominating Governance Committee are independent within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. Science Technology Committee Members: Elias A. Zerhouni, MD (Chair) Rainer M. Blair Feroz Dewan Linda Filler Charles W. Lamanna Steven M. Rales Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D. Principal Responsibilities: Review and assess the Company s science and technology (including AI) innovation strategy and priorities; Assess the competitive position of the Company s technology portfolio; Review with management key programs, processes and organizational structures related to innovation, research and development and the commercialization of technology; and Assess, and advise the Board with respect to, potentially disruptive science and technology trends, opportunities and risks, including with respect to AI. Executive Committee The Executive Committee exercises between meetings of the Board any powers or authority as are specifically delegated to it by the Board from time to time, typically related to business acquisition or capital raising transactions. The Executive Committee did not meet in 2025. Finance Committee The Finance Committee approves business acquisitions, investments and divestitures up to the levels of authority delegated to it by the Board. The Finance Committee did not meet in 2025. Board, Committee and Individual Director Evaluations Our Board recognizes that a rigorous and constructive evaluation process is an essential component of good corporate governance and Board effectiveness. Under the leadership of our Lead Independent Director, the Nominating Governance Committee oversees the annual evaluation process and periodically reviews the format of the process to help ensure it is eliciting actionable feedback with respect to the effectiveness of the Board, Board committees and individual directors. The annual Board, committee and individual director evaluation process consists of the following components: 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents Shareholder Engagement and Alignment Shareholder Engagement Program General We contacted shareholders holding approximately 50% of our shares for engagement We engaged with shareholders holding approximately 20% of our shares We actively seek and highly value feedback from our shareholders. Every year, we engage with our investors on topics including business strategy, financial performance, governance, executive compensation and sustainability. In 2025, attendees at these meetings included members of our senior management and, in some cases, members of our Board of Directors. We shared feedback received during these meetings with the applicable Board committees, informing their decision-making. Engagement Cycle Annual Meeting of Shareholders Engage directly with shareholders Receive and review voting results for management proposals and any shareholder proposals k m Before Annual Meeting of Shareholders After Annual Meeting of Shareholders Publish Annual Report and Proxy Statement, including key Board and Company information Engage shareholders and seek feedback on Annual Meeting matters Discuss any shareholder proposals with proponents as appropriate Publish annual sustainability report Engage broadly with shareholders in off-season 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 24 Table of Contents Key Policies Aligning Company and Shareholder Interests Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership Requirements . Under Danaher's stock ownership requirements for non-management directors, each director (within five years of their initial election or appointment) is required to beneficially own Danaher shares with a market value of at least five times their annual cash retainer (excluding the additional cash retainers paid to the committee chairs and the Lead Independent Director). Once a director has acquired a number of shares that satisfies such ownership multiple, such number of shares then becomes that director s minimum ownership requirement (even if their retainer increases or the fair market value of such shares subsequently declines). Under the policy, beneficial ownership includes time-vesting restricted stock units ("RSUs") held by the director, shares in which the director or their spouse or child has a direct or indirect interest and phantom shares in the Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, but does not include shares subject to unexercised stock options or pledged shares. Each Danaher director is in compliance with the policy. We have also adopted stock ownership requirements for our executive officers; please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Other Compensation Policies and Information Stock Ownership-Related Policies. Shareholder Right to Call Special Meeting . Shareholders owning 25% or more of Danaher s outstanding shares may require the Company to call a special meeting of shareholders. Danaher s Nominating Governance Committee and Company management annually review this threshold as part of the Committee s review of the Company s governing documents. Clawback Policies . We have rigorous, no-fault compensation clawback policies that apply to executive officers and other senior leaders. For additional details, please see "Compensation Discussion and Analysis Other Compensation Policies and Information Clawback Policies." Anti-Pledging/Hedging Policy . In 2013 Danaher s Board adopted a policy that prohibits any director or executive officer from pledging as security under any obligation any shares of Danaher Common Stock that the director or officer directly or indirectly owns and controls, except for any shares that were pledged as of the date the policy was adopted. Certain shares of Common Stock owned by Steven Rales and by Mitchell Rales were exempted from the policy because such shares had been pledged for decades, to secure lines of credit that reduce the need to sell shares for liquidity purposes. Messrs. Steven and Mitchell Rales acquired these pledged shares in cash purchase transactions between 1983 and 1988 and did not receive them as compensation or purchase them from Danaher. These pledged shares do not count toward the Company s stock ownership requirements. Notwithstanding that these shares are exempted from Danaher s policy, as part of its risk oversight function the Audit Committee of Danaher s Board reviews these share pledges on a quarterly basis to assess whether such pledging poses an undue risk to the Company. The Committee has concluded that such pledge arrangements do not pose an undue risk to the Company, based in particular on its consideration of the following factors: the amount by which the market value of the shares pledged as collateral exceeds the amount of secured indebtedness, which the Committee believes is a key factor in assessing the degree of risk posed by the pledging arrangements. At December 31, 2025, the maximum amount of secured indebtedness permitted under the lines of credit would not exceed 25% of the market value of the shares pledged as collateral; the number of shares and percentage of total outstanding shares pledged; the more than 15% reduction since 2013 in the aggregate number of shares pledged by Messrs. Steven Rales and Mitchell Rales; and the number of days it would take to unwind the number of pledged shares equal in value to the amount of secured indebtedness outstanding at the end of the applicable calendar year (based on the average daily trading volume of Danaher Common Stock during such calendar year). At each of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, to unwind the number of pledged shares equal in value to the amount of secured indebtedness outstanding as of such date under lines of credit maintained by Mitchell Rales or Steven Rales would have required one day or less. Since 2021, members of Danaher's Board and management have engaged regarding the pledge arrangements with shareholders representing more than 25% of Danaher's outstanding common shares, and at Danaher's 2025 Annual Meeting a significant majority of these shares were voted in favor of our Audit Committee members. During these discussions with investors, we answered questions and using the detail set forth above explained the reasons why the Audit Committee believes it is in the best interest of Danaher and its shareholders to allow such pledging arrangements subject to rigorous Audit Committee oversight. Additionally, we have incorporated input received from these investor engagements into the above disclosures. Danaher's Insider Trading Policy also prohibits Danaher directors and employees (including executive officers) from engaging in short sales of Danaher Common Stock, transactions in any derivative of a Danaher security (including, but not limited to, buying or selling puts, calls or other options (except for instruments granted under a Danaher equity compensation plan)) or any other forms of hedging transactions with respect to Danaher securities. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents Sustainability at Danaher Innovating products that Improve lives and our planet At Danaher, innovation doesn t happen by accident. It is the product of the DBS Innovation Engine, a rigorous, holistic management program encompassing tools that facilitate innovation, process, strategy, organization, talent and culture We invested approximately $1.6 billion in research and development in 2025 In 2025, we enhanced our operating company strategic planning process to better highlight where considerations of sustainability are relevant to operating company strategy Building the best team We are committed to attracting, developing, engaging and retaining the best people from around the world to sustain and grow our science and technology leadership "Consistently attracting and retaining exceptional talent is one of our three strategic priorities and The Best Team Wins is one of our five Core Values Demonstrating the investment we make in associate professional development and the value we place on our team, in 2025 our internal fill rate for manager, senior leader and executive roles exceeded 76% Protecting our environment In early 2026, we submitted science-based greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction targets to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for validation, including a long-term target to achieve net-zero value chain emissions by no later than 2050. This expands upon the target we established in 2022 to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 50.4% by 2032 compared to a 2021 baseline DBS continues to be a uniquely powerful system for supporting our decarbonization ambitions. With the DBS Energy Management Toolkit as our foundation, we have expanded our suite of domain-specific DBS tools and processes with the goal of driving efficient progress toward our GHG emission reduction goal We deploy across our businesses a climate risk assessment and management program designed to support disclosures under the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations and the IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures standard issued by the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) Other Corporate Governance Matters Proxy Access Our Amended and Restated Bylaws ( Bylaws ) permit a shareholder, or a group of up to twenty shareholders, owning three percent or more of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company s annual meeting proxy materials a number of director nominees up to the greater of (x) two, or (y) twenty percent of the Board (or, if such amount is not a whole number, the closest whole number below twenty percent), provided that the shareholder(s) and nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the Bylaws. Shareholder Proposals In November 2025, a Danaher shareholder submitted a proposal to be voted upon at the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting. While the SEC s Division of Corporation Finance announced that for 2026 it would not respond to most requests as to whether shareholder proposals satisfy the procedural and substantive requirements imposed under SEC rules, Danaher maintained its standard approach of assessing whether there is a strong basis to exclude a shareholder proposal under SEC rules. Accordingly, as permitted under Rule 14a-8(i)(3) of the Exchange Act, Danaher excluded the proposal from the annual meeting agenda and this Proxy Statement because it requested two alternative actions and therefore was impermissibly vague and indefinite so as to be inherently misleading under the provisions of Rule 14a-8, prior published SEC guidance and judicial decisions, including a 2012 SEC no-action letter issued to Danaher 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 26 Table of Contents concurring with exclusion of a similarly worded proposal submitted by the same shareholder. Danaher s letter to the SEC explaining the basis for the proposal s exclusion may be accessed at https://www.sec.gov/files/corpfin/no-action/14a-8/cheveddendanaher11326.pdf. Majority Voting Our Bylaws provide for majority voting in uncontested director elections, and our Board has adopted a director resignation policy. Under the policy, our Board will not appoint or nominate for election to the Board any person who has not tendered in advance an irrevocable resignation effective in such circumstances where the individual does not receive a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election and such resignation is accepted by the Board. If an incumbent director is not elected by a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election, our Nominating Governance Committee will submit for prompt consideration by the Board a recommendation whether to accept or reject the director s resignation. The Board expects the director whose resignation is under consideration to abstain from participating in any decision regarding that resignation. At any meeting of shareholders for which the Secretary of the Company receives a notice that a shareholder has nominated a person for election to the Board of Directors in compliance with the Company s Bylaws and such nomination has not been withdrawn on or before the tenth day before the Company first mails its notice of meeting to the Company s shareholders, the directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. This means that the nominees who receive the most affirmative votes would be elected to serve as directors. Corporate Governance Guidelines, Committee Charters and Code of Conduct As part of its ongoing commitment to good corporate governance, our Board of Directors has codified its corporate governance practices into a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines and has also adopted written charters for each of the committees of the Board. Danaher has also adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) and employees, known as the Code of Conduct. The Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters of each of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating Governance Committees and Code of Conduct are available in the Investors Corporate Governance section of our website at http://www.danaher.com. Insider Trading Policy We have adopted an insider trading policy applicable to our directors, officers and other employees (and persons and entities related thereto) that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and the NYSE listing standards. Although the preclearance and trading blackout period provisions of the policy do not apply to transactions by Danaher Corporation, the policy does state that transactions by Danaher will only be made in accordance with applicable U.S. federal securities laws, including those relating to insider trading. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy can be found as Exhibit 19.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents Director Compensation Table of Contents Non-Management Director Compensation Program 28 Director Summary Compensation Table 29 Non-Management Director Compensation Program Non-Management Director Compensation Philosophy We use a combination of cash and equity-based compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on the Board. In setting director compensation, the Board and the Nominating Governance Committee are guided by the following principles: compensation should fairly pay directors for work required in a company of our size and scope, and differentiate among directors where appropriate to reflect different levels of responsibilities; a significant portion of the total compensation should be paid in stock-based awards to align directors interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders; and the structure of the compensation program should be simple and transparent. Process for Setting Non-Management Director Compensation The Nominating Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding non-management director compensation (although the Board makes the final determination regarding the amounts and type of non-management director compensation). The Committee has engaged FW Cook as its independent compensation consultant, to prepare regular reports on market non-management director compensation practices and evaluate our program in light of the results of such reports. The Committee typically reviews, and seeks advice from FW Cook regarding, the Company s non-management director compensation on an annual basis. Danaher s Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan or the Omnibus Plan ) limits the amount of cash and equity compensation that we may pay to a non-management director each year. Under the plan terms, an annual limit of $800,000 per calendar year applies to the sum of all cash and equity-based awards (calculated based on the grant date fair value of such awards for financial reporting purposes) granted to each non-management director for services as a member of the Board (plus an additional limit of $500,000 per calendar year with respect to any non-executive Board chair or vice chair). 2026 Non-Management Director Compensation Structure $42,500 Lead Director Cash Retainer $25,000 Cash Retainer for Chairs of Compensation, Nominating Governance and Science Technology Committees $2,000 Per Meeting Cash Fee* $30,000 Audit Committee Chair Cash Retainer *Per meeting cash fee for each Board/Committee meeting a director attends in excess of twenty during a calendar year. Director cash retainers are paid quarterly in arrears. Director annual equity awards are divided equally (based on target award value) between options and RSUs. The options are fully vested as of the grant date. The RSUs vest upon the earlier of (1) the first anniversary of the grant date, or (2) the date of, and immediately prior to, the next annual meeting of Danaher s shareholders following the grant date, but the underlying shares are not issued until the earlier of the director s death or the first day of the seventh month following the director s retirement from the Board. Danaher also reimburses directors for Danaher-related out-of-pocket expenses, including travel expenses. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 28 Table of Contents Non-Management Directors Deferred Compensation Plan Each non-management director can elect to defer all or part of the cash director fees that the director earns with respect to a particular year under the Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, which is a sub-plan under the Omnibus Plan. Amounts deferred under the plan are converted into a particular number of phantom shares of Danaher Common Stock, calculated based on the closing price of Danaher s Common Stock on the date that such quarterly fees would otherwise have been paid, and are maintained in bookkeeping accounts. Dividends accrued on phantom shares are also deemed invested in phantom shares of Danaher Common Stock. A director may elect to have their plan balance distributed upon cessation of Board service, or one, two, three, four or five years after cessation of Board service. All distributions from the plan are in the form of shares of Danaher Common Stock. Director Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes the compensation paid by Danaher to the non-management directors for the year ended December 31, 2025. Each of Steven Rales, Mitchell Rales and Rainer M. Blair serves as a director and executive officer of Danaher but they have not received and do not receive any additional compensation for services provided as a director. Neither Steven Rales nor Mitchell Rales is a named executive officer. Details regarding the 2025 executive compensation provided to each of Steven Rales and Mitchell Rales is set forth under Director Independence and Related Person Transactions. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1)(2) Option Awards ($) (1)(2) Total ($) Feroz Dewan (3) 240,178 110,856 351,034 Linda Filler 192,500 110,178 110,856 413,534 Charles W. Lamanna (4) 111,150 131,370 132,164 374,684 Teri L. List 158,500 110,178 110,856 379,534 Jessica L. Mega, MD, MPH (5) 130,000 110,178 110,856 351,034 A. Shane Sanders (3) 267,678 110,856 378,534 John T. Schwieters 130,000 110,178 110,856 351,034 Alan G. Spoon (3) 240,178 110,856 351,034 Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D. (3) 240,178 110,856 351,034 Elias A. Zerhouni, MD (3) 262,678 110,856 373,534 (1) The amounts reflected in these columns represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the applicable award computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. With respect to stock awards, the grant date fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 is calculated based on the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the award, times the closing price of the Danaher Common Stock on the date of grant (but discounted to account for the fact that RSUs do not accrue dividend rights prior to distribution). With respect to stock options, the grant date fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 has been calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on the following assumptions (and assuming no forfeitures): for the May 2025 annual stock option grants to all directors above, a 7 year option life; a risk-free interest rate of 4.35%; a stock price volatility rate of 31.64%; and a dividend yield of 0.67% per share; for the March 2025 onboarding stock option grant to Mr. Lamanna, a 7 year option life; a risk-free interest rate of 4.14%; a stock price volatility rate of 26.95%; and a dividend yield of 0.62% per share. (2) The table below sets forth as to each non-management director the aggregate number of unvested RSUs and aggregate number of stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2025. All of the stock options set forth in the table below are fully vested. The RSUs set forth in the table below vest in accordance with the terms described above. Name of Director Aggregate Number of Danaher Stock Options Owned as of December 31, 2025(#) Aggregate Number of Unvested Danaher RSUs Owned as of December 31, 2025(#) Feroz Dewan 4,836 577 Linda Filler 20,870 577 Charles W. Lamanna 1,768 577 Teri L. List 17,572 577 Jessica L. Mega, MD, MPH 9,309 577 A. Shane Sanders 6,316 577 John T. Schwieters 20,870 577 Alan G. Spoon 20,870 577 Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D. 8,105 577 Elias A. Zerhouni, MD. 20,870 577 (3) Each of Messrs. Dewan, Sanders and Spoon, Professor Stevens and Dr. Zerhouni deferred 100% of their 2025 cash director fees into phantom shares of Danaher Common Stock under the Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Since these phantom shares are accounted for under FASB ASC Topic 718, they are reported under the Stock Awards column in the table above. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents Name of Director 2025 Phantom Shares Received Under Deferred Compensation Plan(#) Feroz Dewan 622 A. Shane Sanders 754 Alan G. Spoon 622 Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D. 622 Elias A. Zerhouni, MD. 730 (4) Mr. Lamanna was appointed to the Board in February 2025. (5) Dr. Mega retired from Danaher's Board in February 2026. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 30 Table of Contents Director Independence and Related Person Transactions Table of Contents Director Independence 31 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 31 Director Independence At least a majority of the Board must qualify as independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. The Board has affirmatively determined that Mss. Filler and List, Messrs. Dewan, Lamanna, Sanders, Schwieters and Spoon, Professor Stevens and Dr. Zerhouni are independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. Prior to her retirement from the Board in February 2026, the Board had also determined that Dr. Mega was independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. The Board concluded that none of these directors possesses (or in Dr. Mega's case, possessed) any of the bright-line relationships set forth in the listing standards of the NYSE that prevent independence, or except as discussed below, any other relationship with Danaher other than Board membership. In making its determination with respect to the independence of the directors identified above as independent, in addition to the transactions described below under "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions," the Board considered that in 2025, certain of the Company s subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business sold products or services to or purchased products or services from an organization with whom one of the independent directors is employed. In each such case, the amount of sales and the amount of purchases were less than 1.5% of the annual revenues of such other organization and of Danaher s 2025 revenues. Danaher s non-management directors meet in executive session following the Board s regularly-scheduled meetings. The sessions are chaired by the Lead Independent Director. In addition, if any of Danaher's non-management directors are not independent, the independent directors meet at least once each year in executive session following a regularly-scheduled Board meeting, and the Lead Independent Director chairs those sessions as well. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Policy Under Danaher s written Related Person Transactions Policy, the Nominating Governance Committee of the Board is required to review and if appropriate approve all related person transactions prior to consummation. The policy requires the Committee to prohibit any Related Person Transaction it determines to be inconsistent with the interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Committee is required to review and consider all relevant information available to it about each related person transaction, and a transaction is considered approved under the policy if the Committee authorizes it according to the terms of the policy after full disclosure of the related person s interests in the transaction. Related person transactions of an ongoing nature are reviewed annually by the Committee. The definition of related person transactions for purposes of the policy covers the transactions that are required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Relationships and Transactions Each of Steven and Mitchell Rales serve as executive officers of Danaher in addition to their roles as directors. In connection with their service as executive officers, in 2025: The Rales' received no cash incentive compensation or equity compensation. Each of the Rales' received a salary of $419,000 (which amount has been fixed for more than a decade) and the following benefits and perquisites, in addition to any perquisites made generally available to salaried employees (the value of the perquisites set forth below is based on the incremental cost to the Company): 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents Benefit or perquisite S. Rales M. Rales 401(k) contribution $24,528 $7,299 Excess Contribution Program (ECP) contribution $2,960 Change in pension value (1) $9,655 Shared tax and accounting services (2) $380,677 Shared personal use of designated Danaher office space $323,240 Personal car and parking $4,013 Tickets to sporting events $10,148 Personal use of administrative services (3) No incremental cost to Danaher Separately, in 2025, the Rales' in aggregate paid Danaher approximately $228,000 for providing benefits for, and as reimbursement for paying a portion of the salaries of, persons who provide services to the Rales . FJ 900, Inc. ( FJ900 ), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Danaher, is party to an airplane management agreement with Joust Capital II, LLC ( Joust II ) and substantially identical agreements with each of Joust Capital III, LLC ( Joust III ) and Stonehavens Global LLC ( Stonehavens and, together with Joust II and Joust III, the Joust entities ). Joust II and Stonehavens are controlled by Mitchell Rales, and Joust III is controlled by Steven Rales. Under the management agreements, FJ900 performs aircraft management, pilot services, maintenance, record-keeping, aircraft procurement and disposition and other aviation services for the respective aircraft owned or leased by each of the Joust entities in like manner to the management services provided by FJ900 for Danaher s aircraft. FJ900 receives no compensation for its services under the management agreements. Having FJ900 perform management services for all of these aircraft enables Danaher and the Joust entities to share certain fixed expenses relating to the use, maintenance, storage, operation and supervision of their respective aircraft and utilize joint purchasing or joint bargaining arrangements where applicable and appropriate, allowing each party to benefit from efficiencies of scale and cost savings. We believe that this cost-sharing arrangement results in lower costs to Danaher than if we incurred these fixed costs on a stand-alone basis. Under the management agreements, FJ900 prorates all shared expenses annually among the Joust entities and Danaher based primarily on each party s flight hours logged for the year. With respect to the year ended December 31, 2025, the Joust entities together paid FJ900 approximately $5.5 million for the Joust entities share of the fixed airplane management expenses shared with Danaher. In addition, Danaher is party to substantially identical airplane interchange agreements with each of the Joust entities with respect to each respective aircraft indirectly owned by Danaher and by each of the Joust entities. Under each interchange agreement, the applicable Joust entity has agreed to lease its aircraft to Danaher and Danaher has agreed to lease the respective Danaher aircraft to the applicable Joust entity, in each case on a non-exclusive basis. Neither party is charged for its use of the other party s aircraft, the intent being that over the life of the contract each party s usage of the other party s aircraft will be generally equal. With respect to the year ended December 31, 2025, the incremental value of the use of the Danaher aircraft by the Joust entities, net of the incremental value of the use of the Joust entities aircraft by Danaher, was approximately $230,000. Danaher licensed, at fair market value, a suite from the Washington Commanders for the 2025-2026 NFL football season for approximately $558,000. Mitchell Rales is a greater-than-10% owner of the Washington Commanders. Beginning in 2024, the general partner ( GP ) of certain venture capital funds in which Danaher is the sole limited partner ( Danaher Funds ) formed a new fund ( New Fund ) and raised capital from Steven Rales, Mitchell Rales and Feroz Dewan (Danaher elected not to invest in the New Fund). In July 2024 Danaher, the GP and its affiliated entities amended the agreements that govern the Danaher Funds to (i) waive the acceleration of the management fee step-down that otherwise would have been triggered by the New Fund's creation and instead reduce (for the period during which the acceleration would have been effective) the management fees payable by Danaher under the Danaher Funds by the amount of any management fees paid to the GP by the New Fund investors, (ii) limit the amount of portfolio company disposition proceeds that the GP may reinvest under the Danaher Funds governing documents, and (iii) restrict the GP from further investing the Danaher Funds in certain research-related financings. BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") filed a Schedule 13G with the SEC reporting that as of December 31, 2023, BlackRock and certain subsidiaries collectively were the beneficial owners of more than five percent of Danaher's outstanding shares of Common Stock. During 2025, BlackRock acted as an investment manager for certain assets within Danaher's global pension plans and employee savings plans. BlackRock received approximately $2.5 million for such services. (1) Represents the aggregate year-over-year change in the actuarial present value of the officer's accumulated benefit under the Cash Balance Plan of the Danaher Corporation Subsidiaries Savings Plan (the "Savings Plan"). (2) Tax and accounting services were provided in the form of one full-time employee whose services are shared by the Rales'. In addition to the compensation reflected in the table, Danaher provided health and welfare benefits to such employee. (3) Danaher provided a full-time executive assistant to each of the Rales' to support them in their roles as Danaher executive officers, and each used a minority of their assistant s time for non-Danaher matters. 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 32 Table of Contents Beneficial Ownership of Danaher Common Stock by Directors, Officers and Principal Shareholders The following table sets forth as of March 1, 2026 (unless otherwise indicated) the number of shares and percentage of Danaher Common Stock beneficially owned by (1) each person who owns of record or is known to Danaher to beneficially own more than five percent of Danaher s Common Stock, (2) each of Danaher s directors and named executive officers, and (3) all executive officers and directors of Danaher as a group. Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) Percent of Class (1) Notes Rainer M. Blair 569,014 * Includes options to acquire 481,507 shares and 17,305 shares attributable to his account in the Company s deferred compensation program. Feroz Dewan 6,846 * Includes options to acquire 4,836 shares and 2,011 phantom shares attributable to his account under the Non-Employee Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan. Linda Filler 51,376 * Includes options to acquire 20,870 shares; 8,916 phantom shares attributable to her account under the Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan and 21,590 other shares held indirectly. Charles W. Lamanna 1,768 * Consists of options to acquire 1,768 shares. Teri L. List 25,215 * Includes options to acquire17,572 shares and 7,643 phantom shares attributable to her account under the Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Mitchell P. Rales 33,001,391 4.7 % Includes 26,171,000 shares owned by limited liability companies of which a revocable trust controlled by Mr. Rales is the sole member, 819 shares attributable to Mr. Rales 401(k) Plan account, 8,048 shares attributable to Mr. Rales account in the Company s deferred compensation program, 5,983,432 shares attributable to a charitable foundation of which Mr. Rales is a director, and 838,092 other shares owned indirectly. Mr. Rales disclaims beneficial ownership of those shares held by the charitable foundation. 26,171,000 of the shares held by the limited liability companies or otherwise owned indirectly and 5,904,000 of the shares held by the charitable foundation are pledged to secure lines of credit with certain banks and each of these entities and Mr. Rales is in compliance with these lines of credit. The business address of Mitchell Rales, and of each of the limited liability companies, is 11790 Glen Rd., Potomac, MD 20854. Steven M. Rales 42,240,297 6.0 % Includes 31,000,000 shares owned by limited liability companies of which a revocable trust controlled by Mr. Rales is the sole member, 20,683 shares attributable to Mr. Rales 401(k) Plan account, 6,429,437 shares attributable to a charitable foundation of which Mr. Rales is the director, and 4,790,177 other shares owned indirectly. Mr. Rales disclaims beneficial ownership of those shares held by the charitable foundation. The shares held by the limited liability companies and 3,000,000 of the shares held by the charitable foundation are pledged to secure lines of credit with certain banks and each of these entities and Mr. Rales is in compliance with these lines of credit. The business address of Steven Rales, and of each of the limited liability companies, is 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 800W, Washington, D.C. 20037-1701. A. Shane Sanders 9,036 * Consists of options to acquire 6,316 shares and 2,720 phantom shares attributable to his account under the Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. John T. Schwieters 61,834 * Includes options to acquire 20,870 shares and 38,964 other shares held indirectly. Alan G. Spoon 105,815 * Includes options to acquire 20,870 shares and 8,700 other shares owned indirectly. Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D. 15,152 * Includes options to acquire 8,105 shares and 7,047 phantom shares attributable to his account under the Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Elias A. Zerhouni, MD 37,308 * Includes options to acquire 20,