=== DHR_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from the results, developments and business decisions contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the report, document, press release, webcast, call, materials or other communication in which they are made. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we do not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. Below is a summary of material risks and uncertainties we face, some of which we have experienced and any of which may occur in the future. These risks are discussed more fully in Item 1A. Risk Factors : Business and Strategic Risks Conditions in the global economy, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets can adversely affect our business and financial statements. We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce the prices we charge. Our growth depends on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services (in this Annual Report, references to products and services also includes software), based on technological innovation. Our growth also suffers when the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. The healthcare industry and related industries that we serve are undergoing significant changes in an effort to reduce (and increase the predictability of) costs, which can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Economic, political, geopolitical, legal, compliance, social and business factors (including the impact of military conflicts), both in the U.S. and outside the U.S., can negatively affect our business and financial statements. For example, elections can result in significant political shifts and/or disruptions, and the 2025 change in the U.S. 1 administration as well as recent Supreme Court decisions have resulted in policy, regulatory and economic changes, challenges and uncertainty, including with respect to tariffs and healthcare-related topics. Uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence ( AI ) in our business and products may result in harm to our business and reputation. Global health crises, pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks can adversely impact certain elements of our business and financial statements. Business partners and other third-parties we rely on for development, supply and/or marketing of certain products, potential products and technologies could fail to perform sufficiently. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Investment Risks The inability to consummate acquisitions at our historical rate and appropriate prices, realize the economic benefits of consummated acquisitions or to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy, can negatively impact our business. Our acquisition of businesses (including our pending acquisition of Masimo Corporation), investments, joint ventures and other strategic relationships can also negatively impact our business and financial statements and our indemnification rights may not fully protect us from liabilities related thereto. Divestitures or other dispositions could negatively impact our business, and contingent liabilities from businesses that we or our predecessors have previously disposed could adversely affect our business and financial statements. For example, we could incur significant liability if any of the split-off or spin-off transactions we have previously consummated are determined to be a taxable transaction or otherwise pursuant to our indemnification obligations with respect to such transactions. Operational Risks Significant disruptions in, or breaches in security of, our information technology ( IT ) systems or data; data privacy violations; other losses or disruptions to facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or IT systems due to catastrophe; and labor disputes can all adversely affect our business and financial statements. Defects, manufacturing problems and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products or services, or allegations thereof, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Climate change, legal or regulatory measures to address climate change and other sustainability topics and any inability to address regulatory requirements or stakeholder expectations with respect to climate change and other sustainability topics, may negatively affect our business and financial statements. Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of the supplies we use in, and the labor we need for, our operations, as well as adverse changes with respect to key distributors and channel partners. Our success depends on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate talented employees. Intellectual Property Risks Any inability to adequately protect or avoid third-party infringement of our intellectual property, and third-party claims we are infringing intellectual property rights, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. The U.S. government has certain rights with respect to incremental production capacity attributable to, and/or the intellectual property we have developed using, government financing. In addition, in times of national emergency the U.S. government could also control our allocation of manufacturing capacity. Financial and Tax Risks From time to time our outstanding debt has increased significantly as a result of acquisitions and other factors, and we expect to incur additional debt. Such indebtedness may limit our operations and use of cash flow and negatively impact our credit ratings; and failure to comply with our indebtedness-related covenants could adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our business and financial statements can be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our tax rates (including as a result of changes in tax laws) or income tax liabilities/assessments, the outcome of tax audits, recognition of impairment charges for our goodwill or other intangible assets and fluctuations in the cost and availability of commodities. Legal, Regulatory, Compliance and Reputational Risks Significant developments or changes in national laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and/or address foreign competition can have an adverse effect on our business and financial statements. 2 Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation (including those applicable to the healthcare industry). Failure to comply with those regulations (including by our employees, agents or business partners) or significant developments or changes in U.S. or non-U.S. laws or policies can adversely affect our business and financial statements. We are subject to, or otherwise responsible for, a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that can adversely affect our business and financial statements. With respect to the regulated medical devices we offer, product introductions or modifications can require regulatory clearance or authorizations and we can be required to recall or cease marketing such products; off-label marketing can result in penalties; and clinical trials can have results that are unexpected or are perceived unfavorably by the market, all of which can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our operations, products and services also expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities, costs and violations that can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our By-law exclusive forum provisions could limit our stockholders ability to choose their preferred judicial forum for disputes. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Danaher is a global science and technology innovator committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Danaher is comprised of more than 15 operating companies with leadership positions in the biotechnology, life sciences and diagnostics sectors, organized under three segments (Biotechnology, Life Sciences and Diagnostics). United by the DANAHER BUSINESS SYSTEM ( DBS ), our businesses are also typically characterized by a high level of products and services that are sold on a recurring basis, primarily through a direct sales model and to a geographically diverse customer base. Our business research and development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, service and administrative facilities are located in approximately 50 countries. Danaher strives to create shareholder value primarily through three strategic priorities: strengthening our competitive advantage through consistent application of DBS tools and culture; enhancing our portfolio in attractive science and technology markets through strategic capital allocation; and consistently attracting and retaining exceptional talent. Danaher measures its progress against these strategic priorities over the long-term based primarily on financial metrics relating to revenue growth, profitability, cash flow and capital returns, as well as certain non-financial metrics. To further the strategic objectives set forth above, the Company also acquires businesses and makes investments that either complement its existing business portfolio or expand its portfolio into new markets that the Company deems attractive. Given the rapid pace of technological development and the specialized expertise typical of Danaher s served markets, acquisitions as well as strategic alliances and investments can provide the Company access to important new technologies and domain expertise, and Danaher continues to pursue acquisition and investment opportunities within its targeted markets. The extent to which we identify, consummate and effectively integrate appropriate acquisitions and consummate appropriate investments affects our overall growth and operating results. Danaher also continually assesses the strategic fit of its existing businesses and may separate or otherwise dispose of businesses based on strategic and other considerations. DBS is not only the set of business processes and tools our operating companies use on a daily basis in the pursuit of continuous improvement, but also represents our culture, which is guided by the following core values (the Core Values ): 1. The Best Team Wins 2. Customers Talk, We Listen 3. Kaizen is our Way of Life 4. Innovation Defines our Future 5. We Compete for Shareholders 3 Underpinned by these five Core Values, the DBS tools are organized into four pillars that are designed to apply to every aspect of our business: Growth, Lean, Leadership and the DBS Fundamentals. The idea for Danaher originated in the early 1980s when the Company s founders, Steven M. and Mitchell P. Rales, envisioned a business that would generate sustainable long-term value for customers, associates and shareholders. Through a series of acquisitions and divestitures, Danaher has evolved over time into the science and technology innovator it is today. While the operating companies that make up Danaher have changed over time, DBS continues to be the guiding philosophy for the Company. Sales in 2025 by geographic destination (geographic destination refers to the geographic area where the final sale to the Company s unaffiliated customer is made) and by revenue type (revenue type refers to categorizing the Company s products between those typically sold to a customer on a recurring basis and those typically sold to a customer on a nonrecurring basis) as a percentage of total 2025 sales were: Sales in North America includes 41% in the United States. The Company defines North America as the United States and Canada. The Company defines high-growth markets as Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America (including Mexico) and Asia (with the exception of Japan, Australia and New Zealand). The Company defines developed markets as all markets of the world that are not high-growth markets. 4 BIOTECHNOLOGY The Biotechnology segment offers a broad range of equipment, consumables, software and services that are primarily used by customers to advance and accelerate the research, development, manufacture and delivery of biological medicines. The Company s solutions support a broad range of biotherapeutics including monoclonal antibodies, recombinant proteins, replacement therapies such as insulin and vaccines, as well as novel cell, gene, mRNA and other nucleic acid therapies. Sales in 2025 for this segment by geographic destination and by revenue type (as a percentage of total 2025 sales) were: Danaher established the Biotechnology segment through the acquisition of Pall in 2015 and expanded the business through the acquisition of Cytiva in 2020. The Biotechnology segment consists of the bioprocessing business and the discovery and medical business. The bioprocessing business is a leading provider of technologies, consumables, services and solutions that advance, accelerate and integrate the development and manufacture of therapeutics. These therapeutics include protein-based and other biological therapies as well as a new emerging class of highly-targeted therapies such as cell and gene therapies and nucleic acid-based therapies. The business offers tools, solutions and services to support biomanufacturers across their workflows from the earliest stages of process development to large scale commercial and turn-key manufacturing. The bioprocessing business offering includes cell line and cell culture media development services; cell culture media, process liquids and buffers for manufacturing, chromatography resins, filtration technologies, aseptic fill finish, as well as single-use hardware and consumables and services such as the design and installation of full manufacturing suites. The bioprocessing business offerings in data connectivity and automation, advanced process training, process development services and equipment services are designed to help customers develop more optimized, compliant processes and ensure continuous performance. Typical users of these products and services include pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies, translational medicine institutions, biotechnology companies and contract manufacturing organizations. The discovery and medical business is a leading provider of solutions to accelerate biotherapeutic research and discovery through high quality sample preparation and reliable diagnostic assays in addition to ensuring sterility and safety in medical liquids and gases. The business provides solutions and technologies for: lab filtration, separation and purification; lab-scale protein purification and analytical tools to support bio-molecular analysis, identification and characterization; reagents, membranes and services for diagnostic and assay development; and healthcare filtration solutions for drug delivery and patient care. Typical users of these products include professionals in academic, translational and commercial research, medical diagnostics, clinical care and biopharmaceutical development. Customers served by the Biotechnology segment select products based on several factors, including product quality and reliability, the product s capacity to enhance productivity and flexibility, innovation (particularly productivity and sensitivity improvements), product performance and ergonomics, access to an advanced technical expertise, service and support network and the other factors described under the heading Competition below. The businesses in Danaher s Biotechnology segment market their products and services under several key brands including CYTIVA and PALL. Manufacturing facilities are located in North America, Europe and Asia. The business sells to customers through direct sales personnel and independent distributors. 5 LIFE SCIENCES The Life Sciences segment offers a broad range of instruments, consumables, services and software that are primarily used by customers to study the basic building blocks of life, including DNA and RNA, nucleic acid, proteins, metabolites and cells, in order to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies, and test and manufacture new drugs, vaccines and gene editing technologies. Additionally, the segment provides products and consumables used to filter and remove contaminants from a variety of liquids and gases in many end-market applications. Sales in 2025 for this segment by geographic destination and by revenue type (as a percentage of total 2025 sales) were: Danaher established the life sciences business in 2005 through the acquisition of Leica Microsystems and has expanded the business through numerous subsequent acquisitions, including the acquisitions of AB Sciex and Molecular Devices in 2010, Beckman Coulter in 2011, Pall in 2015, Phenomenex in 2016, IDT in 2018, Aldevron in 2021 and Abcam in 2023. The Life Sciences segment consists of the life sciences instruments business, the life sciences consumables business and the filtration, separation and purification business. The life sciences instruments business enables the discovery, development and manufacture of new therapies. Key product areas include validated centrifugation, automated liquid handling systems, advanced cell culture and analytical technologies for selection, process optimization and development of drugs. Typical users include research, scientific, medical and surgical professionals as well as quality assurance and quality control technicians operating in pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, contract development and manufacturing organizations ( CDMO ), clinical research organization universities, medical schools, surgical theaters and research institutions and in some cases industrial manufacturers. The life sciences instruments business includes the flow cytometry and lab automation solutions business, the mass spectrometry business and the microscopy business. The flow cytometry and lab automation solutions business offers workflow instruments and consumables that help researchers analyze genomic, protein and cellular information. Key product areas include sample preparation equipment such as centrifugation and consumables; liquid handling automation instruments and associated consumables; flow cytometry instrumentation and associated antibodies and reagents; particle counting and characterization instrumentation; and genomic sample preparation. Researchers use these products to study biological function in the pursuit of basic research, as well as therapeutic and diagnostic development. The mass spectrometry business is a leading global provider of high-end mass spectrometers, bioanalytical measurement systems, as well as related consumables, software and services. Mass spectrometry is a technique for identifying, analyzing and quantifying elements, chemical compounds and biological molecules, individually or in complex mixtures. The business mass spectrometer systems and related products are used in numerous applications such as drug discovery and clinical development of therapeutics as well as in basic research, clinical testing, food and beverage quality testing and environmental testing. The microscopy business is a leading global provider of professional microscopes designed to capture, manipulate and preserve images and enhance the user s visualization and analysis of microscopic structures. The Company s microscopy products include laser scanning (confocal) microscopes, compound microscopes and related equipment, surgical and other stereo microscopes and specimen preparation products for electron microscopy. The life sciences consumables business bridges the gap between research and practical application, enabling the discovery, development, and manufacture of new therapies. The business provides consumables and services including antibodies and assays to accelerate scientific research, plasmid DNA, RNA, critical nucleic acids and proteins used to develop and manufacture gene and cell therapies, and analytical tools and services to accelerate discovery, clinical applications and manufacturing for therapies across pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, diagnostic and emerging biotechnology companies, research institutions and universities. Typical users of these products include professionals, scientists and researchers in the areas of academic and commercial research, agriculture, medical diagnostics, 6 pharmaceutical development, biotechnology companies and research institutions across discovery, clinical and commercial applications. The life sciences consumables business includes the genomic medicines business and the protein consumables business. The genomic medicines business is a leading provider of custom nucleic acid products for the life sciences industry, primarily through the manufacture of custom DNA and RNA oligonucleotides and gene fragments utilizing a proprietary manufacturing ecosystem. The business has developed proprietary technologies for genomics applications such as next generation sequencing, CRISPR genome editing, qPCR, and RNA interference. The protein consumables business is a leading supplier in the proteomics market, and provides highly validated antibodies, reagents, biomarkers and assays to address targets in biological pathways that are critical for advancing drug discovery, life sciences research, diagnostics and drug discovery. Researchers use these products to study biological pathways critical for scientific research, diagnostics and drug discovery. The filtration, separation and purification business is a leading provider of products used to remove solid, liquid and gaseous contaminants from a variety of liquids and gases, primarily through the sale of filtration consumables and associated hardware. The business technologies enhance the quality and efficiency of manufacturing processes and prolong equipment life in applications such as microelectronics, aircraft, oil refineries, power generation turbines and petrochemical plants. The business also serves the filtration needs of the food and beverage markets, helping customers ensure the quality and safety of their products while lowering operating costs and minimizing waste. Customers served by the Life Sciences segment select products based on a number of factors, including product quality and reliability, the product s capacity to enhance productivity, innovation (particularly productivity and sensitivity improvements), product performance and ergonomics, access to a qualified service and support network and the other factors described under the heading Competition below. The businesses in Danaher s Life Sciences segment market their products and services under key brands including ABCAM, ALDEVRON, BECKMAN COULTER, GENEDATA, IDT, LEICA MICROSYSTEMS, MOLECULAR DEVICES, PALL, PHENOMENEX and SCIEX. Manufacturing facilities are located in North America, Europe and Asia. The business sells to customers through direct sales personnel and independent distributors. DIAGNOSTICS The Diagnostics segment offers clinical instruments, consumables, software and services that hospitals, physicians offices, reference laboratories and other critical care settings use to diagnose disease and make treatment decisions. Sales in 2025 for this segment by geographic destination and by revenue type (as a percentage of total 2025 sales) were: Danaher established the diagnostics business in 2004 through the acquisition of Radiometer and expanded the business through numerous subsequent acquisitions, including the acquisitions of Vision Systems in 2006, Beckman Coulter in 2011, Iris International and Aperio Technologies in 2012, HemoCue in 2013, Devicor Medical Products in 2014, the clinical microbiology business of Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics in 2015 and Cepheid in 2016. The Diagnostics segment consists of the molecular diagnostics business and the clinical diagnostics businesses. The molecular diagnostics business is a leading provider of biomedical testing instruments, systems, software and related consumables that enable DNA-based testing for organisms and genetic-based diseases. These products integrate and automate the complicated and time-intensive steps associated with DNA-based testing (including sample preparation and DNA amplification and detection) to allow the testing to be performed in both laboratory and non-laboratory environments with minimal training and infrastructure. These products also include systems which commonly test for healthcare-associated infections, respiratory disease, sexual health and virology. The clinical diagnostics businesses provide diagnostic testing instruments, consumables and software that enable laboratories and healthcare professionals to accurately diagnose, monitor and manage a wide range of diseases and health conditions. The clinical diagnostics businesses include the 7 clinical lab business, the acute care diagnostics business and the pathology diagnostics business. The clinical lab business is a leading manufacturer and marketer of biomedical testing instruments, systems and related consumables that are used to evaluate and analyze samples made up of body fluids and cells. The information generated is used to diagnose disease, guide and monitor treatment and therapy, assist in managing chronic disease and assess patient status. The acute care diagnostics business is a leading worldwide provider of instruments, software and related consumables and services that are used in both laboratory and point-of-care environments to rapidly measure critical parameters, including blood gases, electrolytes, metabolites and cardiac markers, as well as for anemia and high-sensitivity glucose testing. The pathology diagnostics business is a leader in the anatomical pathology industry, offering a comprehensive suite of instrumentation and related consumables and software solutions used across the entire workflow of a pathology laboratory. Typical users of the segment s products include hospitals, physicians offices, physicians office laboratories, reference laboratories, pharmaceutical clinical trial laboratories, pathologists, blood banks, lab managers and researchers. Customers served by the Diagnostics segment select products based on a number of factors, including product quality and reliability, the scope of tests that can be performed, the accuracy and speed of the product, the product s ability to enhance productivity, ease of use, total cost of ownership and access to a highly qualified service and support network as well as the other factors described under the heading Competition below. The businesses in Danaher s Diagnostics segment market their products and services under key brands including BECKMAN COULTER, CEPHEID, HEMOCUE, LEICA BIOSYSTEMS, MAMMOTOME and RADIOMETER. Manufacturing facilities are located in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. The business sells to customers primarily through direct sales personnel and through independent distributors. ************************************ The following discussion includes information common to all of Danaher s segments. Materials The Company s manufacturing operations employ a wide variety of raw materials, including metallic-based components, electronic components, chemistries, original equipment manufacturers ( OEM ) products, plastics and other petroleum-based products. The cost and availability of certain of these items can be subject to shifting trade policies around the world, including tariffs and trade protectionism measures that can impact the cost and/or availability of components. Prices of oil and gas also affect the Company s costs for freight and utilities and have an indirect impact on the cost of other purchased materials. The Company purchases raw materials from a large number of sources around the world. No single supplier is material to the Company. For some components that require particular specifications or regulatory or other qualifications only a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers can readily provide such components. The Company utilizes a number of techniques to address potential disruption in and other risks relating to its supply chain, including in certain cases the use of safety stock, alternative materials and qualification of multiple supply sources. During 2025, there were no material effects on the business related to the availability of raw materials. For a further discussion of risks related to the materials and components required for the Company s operations, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Intellectual Property The Company owns numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and licenses to intellectual property owned by others. Although in aggregate the Company s intellectual property is important to its operations, the Company does not consider any single patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or license (or any related group of any such items) to be of material importance to any segment or to the business as a whole. From time to time the Company engages in litigation to protect its intellectual property rights. For a discussion of risks related to the Company s intellectual property, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. All capitalized brands and product names throughout this document are trademarks owned by, or licensed to, Danaher. Competition Although the Company s businesses generally operate in highly competitive markets, the Company s competitive position cannot be determined accurately in the aggregate or by segment since none of its competitors offer all of the same product and service lines or serve all of the same markets as the Company or any of its segments. Because of the range of the products and services the Company sells and the variety of markets it serves, the Company encounters a wide variety of competitors, including well-established regional competitors, competitors who are more specialized than it is in particular markets, as well as large companies or divisions of large companies with substantial sales, marketing, research and financial capabilities. The Company is facing increased competition in a number of its served markets as a result of the entry of well-resourced companies into certain markets, the entry of competitors based in low-cost manufacturing locations, the development of competitive technologies by early-stage, emerging and other companies and increasing 8 consolidation in particular markets. The number of competitors varies by product and service line. Management believes that the Company has a leadership position in many of the markets it serves. Key competitive factors vary among the Company s businesses and product and service lines, but include the specific factors noted above with respect to each particular business and typically also include price, quality and safety, performance, delivery speed, application expertise, service and support, technology and innovation, distribution network, breadth of product, service and software offerings and brand name recognition. For a discussion of risks related to competition, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, the Company had approximately 60,000 employees (whom we refer to as associates ), of whom approximately 22,000 were employed in North America, 20,000 in Western Europe, 3,000 in other developed markets and 15,000 in high-growth markets. Approximately 58,000 of the Company s total employees were full-time and 2,000 were part-time employees. Of the U.S. employees, 249 were hourly-rated, unionized employees. Outside the U.S., the Company has government-mandated collective bargaining arrangements and union contracts in certain countries, particularly in Europe where many of the Company s employees are represented by unions and/or works councils. Danaher is committed to attracting, developing, engaging and retaining the best people from around the world to sustain and grow our science and technology leadership. As noted above, Consistently attracting and retaining exceptional talent is one of our three strategic priorities and The Best Team Wins is one of our five Core Values, reflecting the critical role our human capital plays in supporting our strategy. Our human capital strategy spans multiple key dimensions including the following: Culture and Governance Our culture is rooted in DBS and in our commitment to Innovation at the Speed of Life. At its core, DBS reflects a commitment to use process to continuously improve every aspect of our business, and our dedication to improving human life through innovation gives meaning and direction to our continuous improvement. Danaher s Board of Directors reviews the Company s human capital strategy both annually as well as in connection with significant initiatives and acquisitions, supported by the Compensation Committee s oversight of our executive and equity compensation programs. At the management level, our Senior Vice President of Human Resources, who reports directly to our President and CEO, is responsible for the development and execution of the Company s human capital strategy. Recruitment As part of our commitment to the Core Value The Best Team Wins , we focus on identifying, attracting and recruiting talented individuals to meet our current and future business needs. We have invested in comprehensive talent acquisition capabilities across all levels of recruitment (including robust branding, labor market analytics, advanced sourcing tools, leading technology and streamlined processes). Engagement Our engagement strategy focuses on developing the best workplace and best people leaders to meet our associates needs every day. Further, we believe that better associate engagement helps enable better retention and better business performance. We assess our engagement performance multiple times per year through our associate engagement surveys, which address topics such as engagement, direct supervisor effectiveness, behavior change and performance enablement, as well as through our voluntary turnover rate. Retention Compensation and Benefits . We are committed to offering competitive compensation and benefits, tailored in form and amount to geography, industry, experience and performance and designed to attract associates, motivate and reward performance, drive growth and support retention. We have a common job architecture across our businesses to provide a standardized framework for defining jobs, job families, and career levels, and set pay structures for each career level (adjusted as appropriate for the particular job family, industry and geography) based on a range of compensation surveys. Performance Management . Performance for Growth ( P4G ), our annual performance management program, supports our high-performance culture by seeking to ensure that high-performing associates are recognized and rewarded for their contributions. P4G guides associates and their managers in 9 setting clear personal performance goals aligned to our strategic priorities. Annual reviews under the program assess performance against these formal, annual objectives and against our Core Behaviors. Talent Development and Career Mobility . Our talent development program (which is generally structured to consist of 70% on-the-job learning, 20% coaching and mentoring and 10% formal training) strives to provide every associate with appropriate development opportunities. In particular, we make training, coaching and developmental resources available to people leaders at every level to help them be effective leaders and advance their careers. We further encourage internal promotion and mobility through our Danaher Go program, which makes open positions throughout the organization visible to associates and proactively encourages our associates to seek promotional opportunities. We assess our performance in this area using metrics including internal fill rate (which tracks the percentages of open roles at particular levels filled by our own associates) as well as the percentage of eligible associates with completed talent assessments/career plans. Safety and Risk Management. Associate safety is deeply embedded in our culture. Our Environment, Health and Safety ( EHS ) Policy establishes the core principles upon which our EHS management programs are built, and associates use our DBS-based 4E toolkit to identify, assess and control hazards related to ergonomics, energetics, exposures and environment. In addition, we evaluate and manage risks relating to our human capital strategy as part of Danaher s enterprise risk management program. Key quantitative measures that we use to assess performance in this category include total recordable incident rate (defined as the number of work-related injuries or illness cases serious enough to require treatment beyond first aid, per 100 associates) and days away, restricted or transferred (defined as the number of work-related injuries or illness cases that result in an employee working with physical restrictions, being away from work or unable to do their job or transferring to other work, per 100 associates). Health and Well-Being. The health and well-being of our associates is a critical element of our human capital program. We maintain a global Employee Assistance Program to help ensure a consistent support structure for mental health and well-being across the Company. Research and Development The Company conducts research and development ( R D ) activities for the purpose of developing new products, enhancing the functionality, effectiveness, ease of use and reliability of its existing products and expanding the applications for which uses of its products are appropriate. The Company s R D efforts include internal initiatives and those that use licensed or acquired technology, and we work with a number of leading research institutions, universities and clinicians around the world to develop, evaluate and clinically test our products. The Company conducts R D activities primarily in North America, Europe and Asia and generally on a business-by-business basis. The Company anticipates that it will continue to make significant expenditures for R D as it seeks to provide a continuing flow of innovative products and services to maintain and improve its competitive position. For a discussion of the risks related to the need to develop and commercialize new products and product enhancements, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Government Contracts Although the substantial majority of the Company s revenue in 2025 was from customers other than governmental entities, each of Danaher s segments has agreements relating to the sale of products to government entities. As a result, the Company is subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with governments. For a discussion of risks related to government contracting requirements, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. No material portion of Danaher s business is subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts at the election of a government entity. Regulatory Matters The Company faces extensive government regulation both within and outside the U.S. relating to its operations, including the development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of its products and services. The following sections describe certain significant regulations that the Company is subject to. These are not the only regulations that the Company s businesses must comply with. For a description of the risks related to the regulations that the Company s businesses are subject to, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Medical Device Regulations Many of our products are classified as medical devices and are subject to restrictions under domestic and foreign laws, rules, regulations, self-regulatory codes, circulars and orders, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA ). The FDCA requires these products, when sold in the U.S., to be safe and effective for their intended uses and to comply with the regulations administered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ). The 10 FDA regulates the design, development, research, preclinical and clinical testing, introduction, manufacture, advertising, labeling, packaging, marketing, distribution, import and export and record keeping for such products. Many medical device products are also regulated by comparable agencies in non-U.S. countries in which they are produced or sold. Unless an exemption applies, the FDA requires that a manufacturer introducing a new medical device or a new indication for use of an existing medical device obtain either a Section 510(k) premarket notification clearance or a premarket approval ( PMA ) before introducing it into the U.S. market. The type of marketing authorization is generally linked to the classification of the device. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes (Class I, II or III) based on the degree of risk the FDA determines to be associated with a device and the level of regulatory control deemed necessary to ensure the device s safety and effectiveness. The process of obtaining a Section 510(k) clearance generally requires the submission of performance data and clinical data, which in some cases can be extensive, to demonstrate that the device is substantially equivalent to a device that was on the market before 1976 or to a device that has been found by the FDA to be substantially equivalent to such a pre-1976 device. As a result, FDA clearance requirements may extend the development process for a considerable length of time. Medical devices can be marketed only for the indications for which they are cleared or approved. After a device has received 510(k) clearance for a specific intended use, any change or modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, such as a significant change in the design, materials, method of manufacture or intended use, may require a new 510(k) clearance or PMA approval and payment of an FDA user fee. The determination as to whether or not a modification could significantly affect the device s safety or effectiveness is initially left to the manufacturer using available FDA guidance; however, the FDA may review this determination to evaluate the regulatory status of the modified product at any time and may require the manufacturer to cease marketing and recall the modified device until the required 510(k) clearance or PMA approval is obtained. Any medical devices we manufacture and distribute are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and certain state and non-U.S. agencies. These include product listing and establishment registration requirements, which help facilitate inspections and other regulatory actions. As a medical device manufacturer, our manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection on a routine basis by the FDA. We are required to adhere to the Current Good Manufacturing Practices ( CGMP ) requirements, as set forth in the Quality Systems Regulation ( QSR ), which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all phases of the design and manufacturing process. We must also comply with post-market surveillance regulations, including medical device reporting requirements which require that we review and report to the FDA any incident in which our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury. We must also report any incident in which our product has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. Labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) (and similar regulators in other jurisdictions). Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA may not be promoted for unapproved or uncleared uses, otherwise known as off-label promotion. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. In the European Union ( EU ), our products are subject to the medical device and in vitro medical device laws of the various member states, which for many years were based on Directives of the European Commission. However, in May 2017, the EU adopted new, formal regulations to replace such Directives; specifically, the EU Medical Device Regulation (the MDR ) and In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (the IVDR ), each of which imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices and in vitro devices, including in the area of clinical evaluation requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. The EU regulations were adopted with staggered transitional periods that have since been updated. In March 2023, the European Commission issued an amended regulation to eliminate the previous selloff periods and extend the original transitional compliance dates for both the MDR and IVDR regulations. The amended MDR and IVDR timelines for becoming fully effective are now from May 2026 to December 2028 for MDR devices and May 2026 to May 2028 for IVDR devices, depending on product classifications. Regulatory requirements in the United Kingdom ( UK ) are also changing as a result of Brexit (the UK s withdrawal from the EU), and regulatory requirements in Switzerland are changing as a result of the country s withdrawal from its Mutual Recognition Agreement with the EU Commission. Complying with the EU MDR, EU IVDR and the evolving regulatory regimes in the UK and Switzerland requires modifications to our quality management systems, additional resources in certain functions and updates to technical files, among other changes, which has not and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial results. 11 Other Healthcare Laws We are also subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and various healthcare related laws regulating fraud and abuse, R D, pricing and sales and marketing practices, and the privacy and security of health information, including the U.S. federal regulations described below. Many states, foreign countries and supranational bodies have also adopted laws and regulations similar to, and in some cases more stringent than, the U.S. federal regulations discussed above and below, including the UK Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws. Many of our healthcare-related products are purchased by healthcare providers that typically bill various third-party payers, such as governmental healthcare programs (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid and comparable non-U.S. programs), private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. The ability of our customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for products and services from third-party payers is critical because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. As a result, many of our healthcare-related products are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ), including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ( CMS ), as well as comparable state and non-U.S. agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of healthcare goods and services, including laws and regulations related to kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals and healthcare fraud. Third-party payers are increasingly reducing reimbursements for medical products and services and, in international markets, many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies (for further discussion of governmental initiatives to reduce healthcare costs, please see Healthcare Reform below). Price ceilings, decreases in third-party reimbursement for any product or a decision by a third-party payor not to cover a product may reduce usage and patient demand for the product. The U.S. Federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration (including any kickback or bribe), directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made in whole or in part under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) prohibits knowingly and willfully (1) executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors, or (2) falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. In addition, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, restricts the use and disclosure of patient identifiable health information, mandates the adoption of standards relating to the privacy and security of patient identifiable health information and requires the reporting of certain security breaches with respect to such information. Similar to the U.S. Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the healthcare fraud statute implemented under HIPAA or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. The False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal healthcare program, knowingly makes, uses or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly makes a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging that the defendant has submitted a false claim to the federal government, and to share in any monetary recovery. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. Federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act. The federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law prohibits, among other things, the offering or transferring of remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services. The Open Payments Act requires manufacturers of medical devices covered under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (subject to certain exceptions) to record payments and other transfers of value to a broad range of healthcare providers and teaching hospitals and to report this data as well as ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members to HHS for subsequent public disclosure. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level, and an increasing number of countries either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with healthcare professionals. 12 In addition, some of the in vitro diagnostic drugs-of-abuse assays and reagents sold by the Company s subsidiaries contain small amounts of controlled substances, and as a result some of the Company s facilities are inspected periodically by the United States Drug Enforcement Administration to assess whether the Company properly handles, stores and disposes of controlled substances in the manufacture of those products. Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. Analogous U.S. state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, also may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers. Further, there are state laws that require medical device manufacturers to comply with the voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws requiring the registration of sales representatives; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA. For a discussion of risks related to regulation by the FDA and comparable agencies of other countries, and the other regulatory regimes referenced above, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Healthcare Reform In the U.S. and certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system. There is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality or expanding access. For example, in the United States, in March 2010, the U.S. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act) (collectively, the PPACA ) was signed into law, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers and significantly affected the healthcare industry. Since its enactment, there have been judicial, Congressional and executive challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA, and there may be additional challenges and amendments to the PPACA in the future. Moreover, there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted legislation designed, among other things, to bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for medical products. Individual states in the U.S. have also become increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures and, in some cases, mechanisms to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Other countries, including China, have also introduced similar measures with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. Data Privacy and Security Laws As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) imposes significant restrictions on how we collect, transmit, process and retain personal data, including, among other things, in certain circumstances a requirement for almost immediate notice of data breaches to supervisory authorities with significant fines for non-compliance. In the U.S., HIPAA privacy and security rules require certain of our operations to maintain controls to protect the availability and confidentiality of patient health information, individual states regulate data breach and security requirements, and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. State privacy laws in California impose some of the same features as the GDPR and have prompted an increasing number of other states to enact their own privacy laws. Additionally, a bipartisan bill under consideration in Congress would, if adopted, impose broad privacy requirements at the federal level. Several other countries such as China and Russia have passed, and other countries are considering passing, privacy laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers or impose significant restrictions on data transfer. For a discussion of risks related to these laws, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Environmental Laws and Regulations For a discussion of the environmental laws and regulations that the Company s operations, products and services are subject to and other environmental contingencies, refer to Note 17 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. For a discussion of risks related to compliance with environmental and health 13 and safety laws and risks related to past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Antitrust Laws The U.S. federal government, most U.S. states and many other countries have laws that prohibit certain types of conduct deemed to be anti-competitive. Violations of these laws can result in various sanctions, including criminal and civil penalties. Private plaintiffs also could bring civil lawsuits against us in the United States for alleged antitrust law violations, including claims for treble damages. Export/Import Compliance The Company is required to comply with various U.S. export/import control and economic sanctions laws, including: the International Traffic in Arms Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, which, among other things, imposes license requirements on the export from the United States of defense articles and defense services listed on the U.S. Munitions List; the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, which, among other things, impose licensing requirements on the export, in-country transfer and re-export of certain dual-use goods, technology and software (which are items that have both commercial and military, or proliferation applications); the regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, which implement economic sanctions imposed against designated countries, governments and persons based on United States foreign policy and national security considerations; and the import regulatory activities of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other U.S. government agencies. Other nations governments have implemented similar export/import control and economic sanction regulations, which may affect the Company s operations or transactions subject to their jurisdictions. In addition, under U.S. laws and regulations, U.S. companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates outside the U.S. are prohibited from participating or agreeing to participate in unsanctioned foreign boycotts in connection with certain business activities, including the sale, purchase, transfer, shipping or financing of goods or services within the U.S. or between the U.S. and other countries. If we, or third-parties through which we sell or provide goods or services, violate anti-boycott laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal enforcement actions and varying degrees of liability. For a discussion of risks related to export/import control and economic sanctions laws, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. International Operations The Company s products and services are available worldwide, and its principal markets outside the U.S. are in Europe and Asia. The Company also has operations around the world, and this geographic diversity allows the Company to draw on the skills of a worldwide workforce, provides greater stability to its operations, allows the Company to drive economies of scale, provides revenue streams that may help offset economic trends that are specific to individual economies and offers the Company an opportunity to access new markets for products. In addition, the Company believes that future growth depends in part on its ability to continue developing products and sales models that successfully target high-growth markets. The manner in which the Company s products and services are sold outside the U.S. differs by business and by region. Most of the Company s sales in non-U.S. markets are made by its subsidiaries located outside the U.S., though the Company also sells from the U.S. into non-U.S. markets through various representatives and distributors and, in some cases, directly. In countries with low sales volumes, the Company generally sells through representatives and distributors. Information about the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on the Company s business is set forth in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) included in this Annual Report. For a discussion of risks related to the Company s non-U.S. operations and foreign currency exchange, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Sustainability Our sustainability strategy is to help generations of our stakeholders by innovating products that improve lives and our planet, building the best team and protecting our environment. This strategy aligns with Danaher s commitment to Innovation at the Speed of Life, our Core Values, as well as key UN Sustainable Development Goals under the United 14 Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. Our sustainability strategy is informed by and grounded in the feedback we continually solicit from our stakeholders. Within each of the strategic elements of our sustainability program, where feasible and appropriate, we seek to quantify our performance and set goals to encourage continuous improvement. Available Information The Company maintains an internet website at www.danaher.com. The Company makes available free of charge on the website its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material with, or furnishing such material to, the SEC. Danaher s internet site and the information contained on or connected to that site are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. We have identified the risks and uncertainties described below, some of which we have experienced and any of which may occur in the future, as material, but they are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns including pandemics, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business and financial statements, including our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition and our stock price. Business and Strategic Risks Conditions in the global economy, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our business is sensitive to general economic conditions, such as elevated inflation and interest rates that have been experienced in domestic and international markets in recent years as well as the policy disruptions and uncertainties that have followed the 2025 change in administration in the U.S. Our operational costs, including the cost of energy, materials, labor, distribution and our other operational and facilities costs are subject to market conditions, including inflationary pressures. In addition to inflation and interest rates, slower economic growth in the domestic and/or international markets, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, volatility in the currency and credit markets, high levels of unemployment or underemployment, labor availability constraints, reduced levels of capital expenditures, changes or anticipation of potential changes in government trade, fiscal, tax and monetary policies (including as a result of the 2025 change in administration in the U.S.), government stimulus measures and the anticipation thereof, changes in capital requirements for financial institutions, government budget negotiation dynamics, sequestration or government shut-downs, austerity measures and other challenges that affect economies of the world have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the Company and its distributors, customers and suppliers, including having the effect of: reducing demand for our products and services, limiting the financing available to our customers and suppliers, increasing order cancellations and resulting in longer sales cycles and slower adoption of new technologies; increasing the difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and the risk of excess and obsolete inventories; increasing price competition in our served markets; supply interruptions, delays or cost increases, which can disrupt our ability to produce or deliver our products and/or increase our costs; increasing the risk of impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets, and the risk that we may not be able to fully recover the value of other assets such as real estate and tax assets; increasing the risk that counterparties to our contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their contractual obligations which, in addition to increasing the risks identified above, could result in preference actions against us; and adversely impacting market sizes and growth rates. 15 If growth in any key economy of the world or in any of the markets we serve slows for a significant period, if there is significant deterioration in any such economy or such markets or if economic improvements do not benefit the markets we serve, our business and financial statements can be adversely affected. We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce the prices we charge. Our businesses operate in industries that are intensely competitive and have been subject to increasing consolidation. Because of the range of the products and services we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors; refer to Item 1. Business Competition for additional details. In order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories and penetrating new markets, including high-growth markets. Our ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for products incorporating digital capabilities or more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices) as well as changes in the way healthcare services are delivered (including the movement of some care from acute to non-acute settings and increased focus on chronic disease management). Cost containment efforts by governments and the private sector, particularly in the healthcare industry, are also resulting in increased emphasis on products that reduce costs and improve efficiency and effectiveness. In addition, significant shifts in industry market share have occurred and may in the future occur in connection with product problems, safety alerts and publications about products, reflecting the competitive significance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems in our industry. Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial statements, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. In addition, the Company s competitors and customers have from time to time introduced, and may in the future introduce, private label, generic or low-cost products that compete with the Company s products at lower price points. New, disruptive technologies may also emerge and displace the Company s existing technologies resulting in an adverse effect on the Company s business and financial statements. Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. We generally sell our products and services in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions and changing industry standards. If we do not develop innovative new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis, our offerings will become obsolete over time and our business and financial statements will suffer. Our success depends on several factors, including our ability to: correctly identify customer needs and preferences, predict future needs and preferences, anticipate and respond to our competitors innovation and allocate R D funding accordingly; differentiate our offerings from our competitors offerings and avoid commoditization; innovate and develop new technologies and applications acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in our served markets and convince customers to adopt new technologies; obtain adequate intellectual property rights with respect to key technologies before our competitors do; successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively and cost-effectively manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time; and obtain necessary regulatory approvals of appropriate scope (including with respect to medical device products by demonstrating satisfactory clinical results where applicable as well as achieving third-party reimbursement). If we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in R D of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our business and financial statements. Even when we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products and services, we often incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. In addition, promising new offerings may fail to reach the market or realize only limited commercial success because of real or perceived efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical outcomes, uncertainty over third-party reimbursement or entrenched patterns of clinical practice. Competitors may also develop after-market services and parts for our products which may detract from our sales. 16 The healthcare industry and related industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce (and increase the predictability of) costs, which can adversely affect our business and financial statements. The healthcare industry and related industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce (and increase the predictability of) costs, including the following: Many of our customers, and the end-users to whom our customers supply products, rely on government funding of and reimbursement for healthcare products and services and research activities. The PPACA, healthcare austerity measures in other countries and other potential healthcare reform changes and government austerity measures have reduced and may further reduce the amount of government funding or reimbursement available to customers or end-users of our products and services and/or the volume of medical procedures using our products and services. For example, the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 ( PAMA ) introduced a multi-year pricing program for services payable under the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule ( CLFS ) that is designed to bring Medicare allowable amounts in line with the amounts paid by private payors. It is still unclear whether and to what extent these new rates will affect overall pricing and reimbursement for clinical laboratory testing services, but to the extent our customers conclude that Medicare reimbursement for these services is inadequate, it can adversely impact the prices at which we sell our products. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 contains various drug price negotiation, inflationary rebate and government-established pricing provisions with varying implementation dates and subjects manufacturers who fail to adhere to the government s interpretation of the law to penalties. The 2025 change in U.S. administration may also result in further changes that unfavorably impact the healthcare industry and our business. Other countries, as well as some private payors, also control the price of healthcare products, directly or indirectly, through reimbursement, payment, pricing or coverage limitations, tying reimbursement to outcomes or (in the case of governmental entities) through compulsory licensing or limiting of intellectual property protections. For example, China has introduced programs designed to lower prices for medical products and reduce healthcare costs (including a volume-based procurement program) that have unfavorably impacted our revenues and may continue to adversely affect our business and financial statements. Global economic uncertainty or deterioration can also adversely impact government funding and reimbursement. Governmental and private healthcare providers and payors around the world are increasingly utilizing managed care for the delivery of healthcare services, centralizing purchasing, limiting the number of vendors that may participate in purchasing programs, forming group purchasing organizations, strategic alliances and integrated health delivery networks and pursuing consolidation to improve their purchasing leverage, using competitive bid processes to procure healthcare products and services and investing in healthcare practices to increase their control over healthcare spending. Payors are also seeking to improve price predictability in an effort to mitigate exposure to future price increases. These changes as well as other impacts from market demand, government regulations, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies and societal pressures are changing the way healthcare is delivered, reimbursed and funded and have in the past and could in the future cause participants in the healthcare industry and related industries that we serve to purchase fewer of our products and services, reduce the prices they are willing to pay for our products or services, reduce the amounts of reimbursement and funding available for our products and services from governmental agencies or third-party payors, heighten clinical data requirements, reduce the volume of medical procedures that use our products and services, affect the acceptance rate of new technologies and products and increase our compliance and other costs. In addition, we may be excluded from important market segments or unable to enter into contracts with group purchasing organizations and integrated health networks on terms acceptable to us, and even if we do enter into such contracts they may be on terms that negatively affect our current or future profitability. All of the factors described above can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Non-U.S. economic, political, legal, compliance, social and business factors can negatively affect our business and financial statements. In 2025 approximately 59% of our sales from continuing operations were derived from customers outside the U.S. In addition, many of our manufacturing operations, suppliers and employees are located outside the U.S. Since our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the U.S. and increase the localization of our products and services, we plan to continue to increase our sales and presence outside the U.S., particularly in the high-growth markets. Our non-U.S. business (and particularly our business in high-growth markets) is subject to risks that include: trade protection measures, tariffs, embargoes and import or export restrictions and requirements; public health crises and epidemics, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic; interruption in the transportation of materials to us and finished goods to our customers; 17 increases in materials, energy, labor or other manufacturing-related costs or higher supply chain logistics costs; differences in terms of sale, including longer payment terms than are typical in the U.S.; local product preferences or requirements; changes in a country s or region s political, legal, social, compliance, business or economic conditions, such as the devaluation of particular currencies or military conflict; unexpected changes in laws or regulatory requirements, including changes in tax laws; capital controls, limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings and cash and the potential for nationalization of enterprises; changes in local healthcare delivery, payment and reimbursement policies and programs; complex data privacy and cybersecurity requirements; limitations on legal rights and our ability to enforce such rights, including differing protection of intellectual property; difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; workforce instability and differing labor or employment regulations; difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely or comprehensive basis; and greater uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in commercializing products in certain foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to product and other regulatory approvals. International business risks have in the past and may in the future negatively affect our business and financial statements. In 2025 we generated approximately 11% of our sales from continuing operations from China. Accordingly, political, economic, legal, compliance, social and business conditions in China generally can adversely influence our business and financial statements. Additionally, China s government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing sector-specific policies, and it maintains control over China s economic growth through setting monetary policy and determining treatment of particular industries or companies. Further, considerable uncertainty exists regarding the long-term effects of the fiscal policies pursued by China as well as some of the world s other leading economies. Uncertainty or adverse changes to conditions in China or the policies of China s government or its laws and regulations can adversely affect the overall economic growth of China, or of the particular industries in which we participate, and have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect our business and financial statements. Our growth can suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve, and visibility into our markets can be limited (particularly for markets into which we sell through distribution). Our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the quarter, which are difficult to forecast. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets can diminish demand for our products and services and adversely affect our business and financial statements and any failure to accurately forecast demand, cost levels and financial performance can adversely impact our business, financial statements and stock price. Certain of our businesses operate in industries that experience seasonality, or industries that have experienced and may continue to experience periodic, cyclical downturns. For example, demand for our molecular diagnostics products is typically heavier in anticipation of and during respiratory season, and in the past has been impacted and in the future will be impacted by the degree of severity of the flu and COVID-19 season as well as by outbreaks of other infectious diseases. Certain of our businesses have also experienced cyclical dynamics as a result of factors such as inventory de-stocking, high interest rates and depressed funding levels for biotechnology companies. In addition, lower levels of funding available to biotechnology companies (particularly smaller and emerging companies) in recent years has reduced demand for certain of our products and may have a similar impact in the future. In addition, in certain of our businesses demand depends on customers capital spending budgets, government funding policies (including research funding policies) and interest rates, and matters of public policy and government budget, fiscal and monetary dynamics as well as product and economic cycles can affect the spending decisions of these entities. The availability of governmental research funding has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by policy changes, economic conditions and governmental spending reductions, including the downsizing or reduced funding of certain government agencies. 18 Demand for our products and services is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, marketing or promotional programs that may accelerate demand in a particular fiscal period and diminish demand in subsequent periods, new product introductions, the timing of industry trade shows and changes in distributor or customer inventory levels due to distributor or customer management thereof or other factors. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business and financial statements in any given period. Uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of AI in our business and products may result in harm to our business and reputation. We are in the early stages of incorporating AI, including machine learning technologies, into our business activities and our product and service offerings. As with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could adversely impact our business. The development, adoption, and use of AI technologies are still in their early stages and ineffective, inadequate or premature AI development or deployment practices could result in unintended consequences such as competitive harm, regulatory penalties, legal liability or brand or reputational harm. For example, AI algorithms may be flawed or may be based on datasets that are biased or insufficient or contain errors. In addition, any disruption or failure in the AI functionality we incorporate into our business activities, products or services could adversely impact our business or result in delays or errors in our offerings. Conversely, any failure to successfully develop and deploy AI in our business activities, products and services could adversely affect our competitiveness (particularly if our competitors successfully deploy AI in their businesses, products and services), and the development and deployment of AI has required and will require additional investment that increases our costs. There also may be real or perceived social harm, unfairness, or other outcomes that could undermine public confidence in the use and deployment of AI. Incorporating AI into our business operations presents new risks relating to intellectual property, disclosure of confidential data, data protection, data privacy and cybersecurity. For example, incorporating confidential information into AI systems may result in the loss of intellectual property or attorney-client privilege protections, and our use of AI technologies to develop products or services may adversely affect our intellectual property rights or violate third-party intellectual property rights. Any of the foregoing may result in decreased demand for our products or harm to our business, financial statements or reputation. Compliance with new or changing laws, regulations or industry standards relating to AI may impose significant costs and may limit our ability to develop, deploy or use AI technologies. Failure to appropriately respond to this evolving landscape may result in legal liability, regulatory action, or brand and reputational harm. Global health crises, pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks can adversely impact certain elements of our business and financial statements. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as COVID-19. The global spread of COVID-19 led to unprecedented restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, our communities and governments undertook to mitigate the spread. Any future epidemic or pandemic could negatively impact the economies and financial markets of the world and our business and financial statements. To the extent we develop and sell products to address epidemics or pandemics, we may experience volatility and declines in demand that are unanticipated in timing or magnitude, which could adversely affect our business and financial statements. Certain of our businesses rely on relationships with business partners and other third-parties for development, supply and/or marketing of certain products, potential products and technologies, and such business partners or other third-parties could fail to perform sufficiently. For certain of our businesses, success in penetrating target markets depends in part on their ability to develop and maintain business relationships with other companies. Relying on these relationships is risky because, among other things, our business partners may (1) have insufficient capital resources or otherwise fail to devote sufficient resources to the success of our collaborations; (2) fail to obtain regulatory approvals necessary to continue the collaborations in a timely manner; (3) compete with us; (4) disagree with us on key details of the business relationship; (5) fail to comply with applicable laws, regulatory requirements and/or applicable contractual obligations; and (6) become insolvent or terminate or decline to renew existing relationships on acceptable terms, which may require us to devote additional resources to product development and commercialization and/or cancel programs. The realization of any of these risks could adversely affect our business and financial statements. Acquisition, Divestiture and Investment Risks Failing to consummate acquisitions at our historical rate and at appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy, can negatively impact our business. Our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow at or above our historic rates depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy. Over the past several years we have not 19 consummated acquisitions at rates similar to our historical practice and going forward we may not be able to consummate acquisitions at rates similar to our historical practice, which can adversely impact our business. Promising acquisitions and investments, such as our pending acquisition of Masimo Corporation, are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including high valuations, competition among prospective buyers or investors, the availability of affordable funding in the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain applicable antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms. For example, antitrust scrutiny by regulatory agencies and changes to regulatory approval processes in the U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions may cause approvals to take longer than anticipated to obtain, may not be obtained at all, or may contain burdensome conditions, which may jeopardize, delay or reduce the anticipated benefits of acquisitions to us and could impede the execution of our business strategy. In addition, competition for acquisitions and investments has resulted and may result in higher purchase prices. Changes in accounting or regulatory requirements or instability in the credit markets could also adversely impact our ability to consummate acquisitions and investments. Our acquisition of businesses, investments, joint ventures and other strategic relationships can negatively impact our business and financial statements. As part of our business strategy, we acquire businesses, make investments and enter into joint ventures and other strategic relationships in the ordinary course, and we also from time to time complete more significant transactions; refer to Item 7. MD A for additional details. Acquisitions (including our pending acquisition of Masimo Corporation), investments, joint ventures and strategic relationships involve a number of financial, accounting, managerial, operational, legal, compliance and other risks and challenges, including but not limited to the following, any of which can adversely affect our business and financial statements: businesses, technologies, services and products that we acquire or invest in sometimes under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that we paid, fail to perform in accordance with our anticipated timetable or fail to achieve and/or sustain anticipated levels of profitability; we from time to time incur or assume significant debt in connection with our acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships, which can also cause a deterioration of Danaher s credit ratings, result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense and diminish our future access to the capital markets; acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships can cause our financial results to differ from our own or the investment community s expectations in any given period, or over the long-term; pre-closing and post-closing earnings charges can adversely impact our results in any given period, and the impact may be substantially different from period-to-period; acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships can create demands on our management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems that we are unable to effectively address; we can experience difficulty in integrating cultures, personnel, operations and financial and other controls and systems and retaining key employees and customers, and former employees of our existing businesses or businesses we acquire sometimes compete with us; we are not always able to achieve cost savings or other synergies anticipated in connection with acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships; we have assumed and may assume unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized, known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, internal control deficiencies or exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from the acquired company s or investee s activities; and the realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies can increase our expenses, adversely affect our financial position or cause us to fail to meet our public financial reporting obligations; in connection with acquisitions and joint ventures, we often enter into post-closing financial arrangements such as purchase price adjustments, earn-out obligations and indemnification obligations, which can have unpredictable financial results and/or lead to disputes and litigation; as a result of our acquisitions and investments, we have recorded significant goodwill and other assets on our balance sheet and if we are not able to realize the value of these assets, or if the value of our investments declines, we are required to incur impairment charges (see Financial and Tax Risks We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets for additional information); we may have interests that diverge from those of our joint venture partners or other strategic partners or the companies we invest in, and we are not always able to direct or influence the management and operations of the joint venture, other strategic relationship or investee in the manner we believe is most appropriate, exposing us to additional risk; and 20 investing in or making loans to early-stage companies often entails a high degree of risk, including uncertainty regarding the company s ability to successfully develop new technologies and services, bring these new 