=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-26-000109_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20260421xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports First Quarter 2026 Results WASHINGTON D.C., April 21, 2026 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) today announced results for the first quarter 2026. All results in this release reflect only continuing operations and period-to-period comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise noted. Key First Quarter 2026 Results Net earnings were $1.0 billion, or $1.45 per diluted common share. Non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share grew 9.5% to $2.06. Revenues increased 3.5% year-over-year to $6.0 billion and non-GAAP core revenue increased 0.5% year-over-year. Operating cash flow was $1.3 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.1 billion. Strong Q1 earnings performance enabling increased full year 2026 adjusted diluted net earnings per common share guidance. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, Our team executed well in the first quarter, which enabled us to accelerate innovation, drive productivity gains, and deliver nearly 10% adjusted EPS growth. On the top line, we continued on a steady recovery path with strength in Bioprocessing and better-than-expected performance in Life Sciences largely offsetting the impact of a lighter-than-typical Q1 respiratory season at Cepheid. Mr. Blair continued, We were also pleased to announce our intention to acquire Masimo Corporation, a leading provider of mission-critical pulse oximetry and patient monitoring solutions in acute care settings. We believe there are clear opportunities to enhance Masimo s performance through DBS and our global scale. Looking ahead, the strength of our balance sheet and free cash flow generation provides additional capacity for value-creating capital deployment. Second Quarter and Full Year 2026 Outlook Danaher Corporation (the Company ) does not reconcile non-GAAP forecasted core sales growth, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted net earnings per common share to their respective, comparable measure prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) because (except for estimated amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets of $1.7 billion for the year ending December 31, 2026 and the estimated impact of foreign currency on sales, which for the second quarter and full year 2026 is estimated to increase sales by 0.5% in both periods, assuming the currency exchange rates in effect as of March 27, 2026) the additional elements that would be reflected in any such GAAP measures (such as the impact of currency exchange rates on profitability, acquisitions, divested product lines, discrete tax adjustments, impairments, gains and losses on investments and the outcome of legal proceedings) are difficult to predict and estimate and are often dependent on future events that may be uncertain or outside of our control. The impact of these additional elements could be material to our results computed in accordance with GAAP. For the second quarter 2026, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core revenue will increase in the low-single digit percent range year-over-year. For full year 2026, the Company continues to expect that non-GAAP core revenue will increase in the 3% to 6% range year-over-year. The Company is also increasing its full year adjusted diluted net earnings per common share guidance to a range of $8.35 to $8.55 versus previous guidance of $8.35 to $8.50. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its first quarter results and financial guidance for the second quarter and full year 2026, including as applicable key assumptions with respect thereto, during its investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. 1 The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-267-6316, within the U.S. or +1 203-518-9783 outside the U.S. a few minutes before 8 00 a.m. ET and notifying the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher's earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ126). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until May 5, 2026. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Through our connected ecosystem of industry-leading businesses, we work side by side with customers to solve many of their most complex scientific and clinical challenges helping move innovations from discovery to delivery faster for patients who depend on them. Powered by the Danaher Business System, our advanced science and technology and proven ability to innovate help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and reduce the time, cost, and risk required to discover, develop, and deliver life-changing therapies. Through continuous improvement and operational excellence, our approximately 60,000 associates worldwide are focused on delivering lasting impact and improving quality of life around the world, while building a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, explanations of what these measures represent and the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, where applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com). FORWARD-LOOKIN

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-26-000004_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20260128xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Results WASHINGTON D.C., January 28, 2026 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the fourth quarter and full year 2025. All results in this release reflect only continuing operations and period-to-period comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise noted. Key Fourth Quarter 2025 Results Net earnings were $1.2 billion, or $1.66 per diluted common share. Non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share grew 4.0% to $2.23. Revenues increased 4.5% year-over-year to $6.8 billion and non-GAAP core revenue increased 2.5% year-over-year. Operating cash flow was $2.1 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.8 billion. Key Full Year 2025 Results Net earnings were $3.6 billion, or $5.03 per diluted common share. Non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share grew 4.5% to $7.80. Revenues increased 3.0% year-over-year to $24.6 billion and non-GAAP core revenue increased 2.0% year-over-year. Operating cash flow was $6.4 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $5.3 billion. 2025 Innovation Highlights Launched innovative new products and solutions, which strengthened Danaher s position as a trusted leader in life sciences and diagnostics. Cytiva expanded its Xcellerex X-platform bioreactor with 500L and 2,000L formats, helping customers improve yields while reducing the time and cost of biologic manufacturing. SCIEX introduced the ZenoTOF 8600 high-resolution mass spectrometer, helping researchers accelerate drug development timelines. Beckman Coulter Diagnostics expanded the assay menu of the DxI 9000 immunoassay platform, with notable progress in neurodegenerative disease assays. Cepheid received FDA clearance for its Xpert GI Panel, a rapid multiplex PCR test that detects 11 common gastrointestinal pathogens from a single patient sample. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, We delivered a strong finish to the year with better-than-expected performance across our portfolio. We were particularly encouraged by continued strength in our bioprocessing business, along with improved momentum in Diagnostics and Life Sciences. Our teams disciplined execution also enabled us to exceed our fourth quarter margin, earnings, and cash flow expectations. Mr. Blair continued, Looking ahead, we expect the gradual improvement in our end markets we saw through 2025 to continue, and we believe the combination of our differentiated portfolio, the power of the Danaher Business System, and the strength of our balance sheet positions Danaher for long-term value creation as we move into 2026 and beyond. First Quarter and Full Year 2026 Outlook The Company does not reconcile non-GAAP forecasted core sales growth, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted net earnings per common share to their respective, comparable measure prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (except for estimated amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets of $1.7 billion for the year ending December 31, 2026 and the estimated impact of foreign currency on sales, which for the first quarter and full year 2026 is estimated to increase sales by 3.5% and 1.0%, respectively, assuming the currency exchange rates in effect as of December 31, 2025) because the additional elements that would be reflected in any such GAAP measures (such as the impact of currency exchange rates on profitability, acquisitions, divested product lines, discrete tax adjustments, impairments, gains and losses on investments and the outcome of legal proceedings) are difficult to predict and estimate and are often dependent on future events that may be uncertain or outside of our control. The impact of these additional elements could be material to our results computed in accordance with GAAP. For the first quarter 2026, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core revenue will increase in the low-single digit percent range year-over-year. For full year 2026, the Company expects that non-GAAP core revenue will increase in the 3% to 6% range year-over-year. The Company is also initiating full year adjusted diluted net earnings per common share guidance in the range of $8.35 to $8.50. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its fourth quarter results and financial guidance for the first quarter and full year 2026, including as applicable key assumptions with respect thereto, during its investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ425). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until February 11, 2026. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 60,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, 

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-26-000002_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20260112xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher CEO to Comment on Financial Performance WASHINGTON, D.C., January 12, 2026 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) announced that its President and Chief Executive Officer, Rainer M. Blair, will comment tomorrow on the Company s fourth quarter 2025 performance in a presentation at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference at 11 15 a.m. PT. For the fourth quarter 2025, estimated revenues are anticipated to increase in the mid-single digit percent range year-over-year. Estimated non-GAAP core revenue growth for the fourth quarter of 2025 is expected to be toward the high-end of our previously announced low-single digit percentage guidance. For the full year 2025, anticipated non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share is expected to be toward the high-end of our previously announced guidance range of $7.70 to $7.80. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, Our team executed well to deliver a solid finish to 2025. We were especially pleased with continued strength in Bioprocessing and better-than-expected Life Sciences and Diagnostics revenue in the fourth quarter. Mr. Blair continued, We believe the combination of our differentiated portfolio, the power of the Danaher Business System and the strength of our balance sheet position Danaher for long-term value creation as we move into 2026 and beyond. The event will be simultaneously webcast and can be accessed on the Investors section of Danaher's website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations. As previously announced, Danaher will hold its quarterly earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2025 on Wednesday, January 28, 2026 at 8 00 a.m. ET. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com . SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIAL A calculation of core revenue growth, an explanation of what the measure represents and the reasons why we believe this measure provides useful information to investors, a reconciliation of the measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure and other information relating to the non-GAAP measure are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release (including the supplemental reconciliation schedule) and a note containing details of Danaher s estimated 2025 financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com). FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the Company s estimated financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2025, Danaher s competitive positioning for long-term value creation, and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things the impact of tariffs and related actions implemented by the U.S. and other countries, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the global economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence in our business and products, the impact of global health crises, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including rules relating to off-label marketing and other regulations relating to medical devices and the healthcare industry), the results of our clinical trials and perceptions thereof, our ability to effectively address cost reductions and other changes in the healthcare industry, our ability to successfully identify and consummate appropriate acquisitions and strategic investments, our ability to integrate the businesses we acquire and achieve the anticipated growth, synergies and other benefits of such acquisitions, contingent liabilities and other risks relating to acquisitions, investments, strategic relationships and divestitures (including tax-related and other contingent liabilities relating to past and future IPOs, split-offs or spin-offs), security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems or violations of data privacy laws, the impact of our restructuring activities on our ability to grow, risks relating to potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, currency exchange rates, tax audits and changes in our tax rate and income tax liabilities, changes in tax laws applicable to multinational companies, litigation, regulatory proceedings and other contingent liabilities including intellectual property and environmental, health and safety matters, the rights of the United States government with respect to our production capacity in times of national emergency or with respect to intellectual property production capacity developed using governmen

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-25-000180_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20251021xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results WASHINGTON D.C., October 21, 2025 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the quarter ended September 26, 2025. Key Third Quarter 2025 Results Net earnings were $908 million, or $1.27 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $1.89. Revenues increased 4.5% year-over-year to $6.1 billion and non-GAAP core revenue increased 3.0% year-over-year. Operating cash flow was $1.7 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.4 billion. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, We are encouraged by our third quarter results. DBS-driven execution paired with continued momentum in our bioprocessing business and better-than-anticipated respiratory revenue at Cepheid enabled us to exceed our revenue, earnings and cash flow expectations. Mr. Blair continued, We remain intensely focused on delivering value for our customers, associates, and shareholders. We re investing in breakthrough innovation, enhancing our commercial execution, and driving meaningful productivity gains across our businesses. We believe these efforts will strengthen our long-term competitive position and help to solve some of the world s most difficult healthcare challenges. Full Year 2025 Outlook The Company does not reconcile Non-GAAP forecasted core sales growth and adjusted diluted net earnings per common share to their respective, comparable measure prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (except for estimated amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets of $1.7 billion for the year ending December 31, 2025 and the estimated impact of foreign currency on sales, which for the full year 2025 is estimated to increase sales by 1.0%, assuming the currency exchange rates in effect as of September 26, 2025) because the additional elements that would be reflected in any such GAAP measures (such as the impact of currency exchange rates on profitability, acquisitions, divested product lines, discrete tax adjustments, impairments, gains and losses on investments and the outcome of legal proceedings) are difficult to predict and estimate and are often dependent on future events that may be uncertain or outside of our control. The impact of these additional elements could be material to our results computed in accordance with GAAP. For full year 2025, the Company is maintaining its full year adjusted diluted net earnings per common share guidance range of $7.70 to $7.80. This includes an expectation that non-GAAP core revenue will grow low-single digits year-over-year for the full year 2025. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its third quarter results and financial guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2025, including as applicable key assumptions with respect thereto, during its investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ325). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until November 4, 2025. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. 1 NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, explanations of what these measures represent and the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, where applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2025, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com). FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the Company s anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2025, Danaher s long-term competitive positioning, and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors includ

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-25-000152_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20250722xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports Second Quarter 2025 Results WASHINGTON D.C., July 22, 2025 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the quarter ended June 27, 2025. Key Second Quarter 2025 Results Net earnings were $555 million, or $0.77 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $1.80. Revenues increased 3.5% year-over-year to $5.9 billion and non-GAAP core revenue increased 1.5% year-over-year. Operating cash flow was $1.3 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.1 billion. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, Our team s strong execution using the Danaher Business System, paired with another quarter of robust growth in our Bioprocessing business and disciplined cost management, enabled us to exceed our expectations for the quarter. Mr. Blair continued, While the macro environment remains fluid, we believe the combination of our talented team, the differentiation of our portfolio, and our strong financial profile will enable us to continue generating sustainable, long-term value for shareholders for the remainder of 2025 and beyond. Third Quarter and Full Year 2025 Outlook With respect to forecasted core sales growth and adjusted diluted net earnings per common share, the Company does not reconcile either of these non-GAAP measures to its respective, comparable measure prepared in accordance with U.S generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) because (except for estimated amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets of $1.7 billion for the year ending December 31, 2025 and estimated currency translation contributions to revenue growth of 1.5% (for the third quarter 2025) and 1.0% (for the full year 2025), assuming the currency exchange rates in effect as of June 27, 2025) the additional elements that would be reflected in any such GAAP measures (such as the impact of currency exchange rates on profitability, acquisitions, divested product lines, discrete tax adjustments, impairments and gains and losses on investments) are difficult to predict and estimate and are often dependent on future events that may be uncertain or outside of our control. The impact of these additional elements could be material to our results computed in accordance with GAAP. For the third quarter 2025, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core revenue will grow low-single digits year-over-year. For full year 2025, there is no change to the Company s expectation that non-GAAP core revenue will grow approximately 3% year-over-year. The Company is also increasing its full year adjusted diluted net earnings per common share guidance to a range of $7.70 to $7.80 versus previous guidance of $7.60 to $7.75. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its second quarter results and financial guidance for the third quarter and full year 2025 during its investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ225). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until August 5, 2025. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for 1 billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, explanations of what these measures represent and the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, where applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter of 2025, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com). FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the Company s anticipated financial results for the third quarter and full year 2025, the Company s anticipated generation of sustainable, long-term value and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These f

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-25-000090_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20250422xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports First Quarter 2025 Results WASHINGTON D.C., April 22, 2025 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the quarter ended March 28, 2025. Key First Quarter 2025 Results Net earnings were $1.0 billion, or $1.32 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $1.88. Revenues decreased 1.0% to $5.7 billion and non-GAAP core revenue was flat year-over-year. Operating cash flow was $1.3 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.1 billion. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, Revenue, earnings, and cash flow exceeded our expectations in the first quarter highlighted by continued momentum in bioprocessing and better-than-expected respiratory demand in our molecular diagnostics business. Our team also continued to execute very well, leveraging the Danaher Business System to accelerate innovation, drive share gains, and deliver meaningful productivity improvements. Blair continued, While the macro backdrop has become more dynamic since the start of the year, it s in times like these that Danaher s positioning and capabilities truly stand out. We believe that the combination of our team's DBS-driven execution, resilient portfolio and strong balance sheet will continue to differentiate Danaher in 2025 and beyond. Second Quarter and Full Year 2025 Outlook The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP revenue, such as currency translation, acquisitions and divested product lines. In addition, we do not reconcile forecasted adjusted diluted net earnings per common share (or components thereof) to the comparable GAAP measure because of the difficulty in estimating the other components (in addition to the items identified in the prior sentence) that would be reflected in any forecasted GAAP diluted net earnings per common share, such as investment gains and losses and discrete tax items. For the second quarter 2025, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core revenue will grow low-single digits year-over-year. For full year 2025, there is no change to the Company s expectation that non-GAAP core revenue will grow approximately 3% year-over-year. The Company is also initiating full year adjusted diluted net earnings per common share guidance in the range of $7.60 to $7.75. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its first quarter results and financial guidance for the second quarter and full year 2025 during its investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ125). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until May 6, 2025. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. 1 NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, explanations of what these measures represent and the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2025, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com). FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the Company s anticipated financial results for the second quarter and full year 2025, momentum in the bioprocessing business, the Company s positioning for the future and anticipated differentiation and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things the impact of tariffs and related actions recently implemented by the U.S. and other countries, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the global econo

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-25-000004_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20250129xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Results WASHINGTON D.C., January 29, 2025 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the fourth quarter and full year 2024. All results in this release reflect only continuing operations unless otherwise noted. Key Fourth Quarter 2024 Results Net earnings were $1.1 billion, or $1.49 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $2.14. Revenues increased 2.0% year-over-year to $6.5 billion and non-GAAP core revenue increased 1.0%. Operating cash flow was $2.0 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.5 billion. Key Full Year 2024 Results Net earnings were $3.9 billion, or $5.29 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $7.48. Revenues of $23.9 billion were flat year-over-year and non-GAAP core revenue decreased 1.5%. Operating cash flow was $6.7 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $5.3 billion. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, We finished the year strong, with better-than-anticipated core revenue in all three of our segments. Good execution by our team also drove solid cash flow and operating margin expansion. Blair continued, Looking ahead, we believe Danaher is better positioned than at any point in our 40-year history. The transformation in our portfolio over the last several years has created a focused life sciences and diagnostics innovator, poised for higher long-term growth, expanded margins and stronger cash flow. First Quarter and Full Year 2025 Outlook The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP core revenue basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP revenue, such as currency translation, acquisitions and divested product lines. For the first quarter 2025, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core revenue will decline low-single digits year-over-year. For full year 2025, the Company expects that non-GAAP core revenue will increase approximately 3% year-over-year. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its fourth quarter results and financial guidance for the first quarter and full year 2025 during its investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-445-7795 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 785-424-1699 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ424). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until February 12, 2025. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, explanations of what these measures represent and the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com). FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the anticipated financial results for the first quarter and full year 2025, the Company s positioning for the future and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things unanticipated, further declines in demand for our COVID-19 related products, the impact of global health crises, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the global economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence in our business and products, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new p

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-25-000002_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20250113xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher CEO to Comment on Financial Performance WASHINGTON, D.C., January 13, 2025 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) announced that its President and Chief Executive Officer, Rainer M. Blair, will comment tomorrow on the Company s fourth quarter 2024 performance in a presentation at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference at 11 15 a.m. PT. For the fourth quarter 2024, estimated revenues are anticipated to increase in the low-single digit percent range year-over-year. Estimated non-GAAP core revenue for the fourth quarter of 2024 is expected to be essentially flat year-over-year, which would be above the Company s previously announced guidance of a low-single digit percent decline. As previously announced, Danaher will hold its quarterly earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2024 on Wednesday, January 29, 2025 at 8 00 a.m. ET. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. NON-GAAP MEASURE AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIAL This release contains the non-GAAP financial measure of core revenue. A calculation of this measure, an explanation of what the measure represents and the reasons why we believe this measure provides useful information to investors, a reconciliation of the measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure and other information relating to the non-GAAP measure are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release (including the supplemental reconciliation schedule) and a note containing details of Danaher s estimated financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com). FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the estimated financial results for the fourth quarter of 2024 and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things unanticipated, further declines in demand for our COVID-19 related products, the impact of global health crises, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the global economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence in our business and products, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including rules relating to off-label marketing and other regulations relating to medical devices and the health care industry), the results of our clinical trials and perceptions thereof, our ability to effectively address cost reductions and other changes in the health care industry, our ability to successfully identify and consummate appropriate acquisitions and strategic investments, our ability to integrate the businesses we acquire and achieve the anticipated growth, synergies and other benefits of such acquisitions, contingent liabilities and other risks relating to acquisitions, investments, strategic relationships and divestitures (including tax-related and other contingent liabilities relating to past and future IPOs, split-offs or spin-offs), security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems or violations of data privacy laws, the impact of our restructuring activities on our ability to grow, risks relating to potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, currency exchange rates, tax audits and changes in our tax rate and income tax liabilities, changes in tax laws applicable to multinational companies, litigation and other contingent liabilities including intellectual property and environmental, health and safety matters, the rights of the United States government with respect to our production capacity in times of national emergency or with respect to intellectual property production capacity developed using government funding, risks relating to product, service or software defects, product liability and recalls, risks relating to our manufacturing operations and fluctuations in the cost and availability of the supplies we use (including commodities) and labor we need for our operations, our relationships with and the performance of our channel partners, uncertainties relating to collaboration arrangements with third-parties, the impact of deregulation on demand for our products and services, the impact of climate change, legal or regulatory measures to address climate change and our ability to address stakeholder expectations relating to climate change, labor matters and our ability to recruit, retain and motivate talented employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets, non-U.S. economic, political, legal, compliance, social and business factors (

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-24-000223_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20241022xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports Third Quarter 2024 Results WASHINGTON D.C., October 22, 2024 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the quarter ended September 27, 2024. All results in this release reflect only continuing operations unless otherwise noted. Key Third Quarter 2024 Results Net earnings were $818 million, or $1.12 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $1.71. Revenues increased 3.0% year-over-year to $5.8 billion and non-GAAP core revenue increased 0.5%. Operating cash flow was $1.5 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.2 billion. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, Our team delivered strong third quarter results, including better-than-expected revenue growth. We were especially pleased with the continued positive momentum in our bioprocessing business and believe Cepheid gained market share in molecular testing again this quarter. Blair continued, Looking ahead, we believe the combination of our leading portfolio and DBS-driven execution differentiates Danaher and provides a strong foundation for sustainable long-term value creation while helping to meaningfully improve human health. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Outlook The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP core revenue basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP revenue, such as currency translation, acquisitions and divested product lines. For the fourth quarter 2024, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core revenue will decline low-single digits year-over-year. For full year 2024, the Company continues to expect that non-GAAP core revenue will be down low-single digits year-over-year. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its third quarter results and financial guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2024 during its quarterly investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations and additional related materials will be posted to the same section of Danaher s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ324). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until November 5, 2024. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. 1 NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, explanations of what these measures represent, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, our Form 10-Q, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2024, the Company s positioning for sustainable long-term value creation and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things unanticipated, further declines in demand for our COVID-19 related products, the impact of global health crises, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the global economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence in our business and products, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners, our c

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-24-000188_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20240723xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports Second Quarter 2024 Results WASHINGTON D.C., July 23, 2024 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the quarter ended June 28, 2024. All results in this release reflect only continuing operations unless otherwise noted. Key Second Quarter 2024 Results Net earnings were $907 million, or $1.22 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $1.72. Revenues decreased 3.0% year-over-year to $5.7 billion and non-GAAP core revenue decreased 3.5%. Operating cash flow was $1.4 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.1 billion. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, Our team executed well during the second quarter, delivering better-than-expected revenue, earnings and cash flow. We were particularly pleased with the sustained positive momentum in our bioprocessing business and with strong performance at Cepheid, which we believe gained market share in molecular testing again this quarter. Blair continued, There s a bright future ahead for Danaher. The transformation in our portfolio over the last several years has created a focused life sciences and diagnostics leader positioned for higher long-term growth, expanded margins, and stronger cash flow. Third Quarter and Full Year 2024 Outlook The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP core revenue basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP revenue, such as currency translation, acquisitions and divested product lines. For the third quarter 2024, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core revenue will be down low-single digits year-over-year. For full year 2024, the Company continues to expect that non-GAAP core revenue will be down low-single digits year-over-year. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its second quarter results and financial guidance for the third quarter and full year 2024 during its quarterly investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations and additional related materials will be posted to the same section of Danaher s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ224). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until August 6, 2024. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com . 1 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the anticipated financial results for the third quarter and full year 2024, the Company s long-term positioning and financial prospects and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things unanticipated, further declines in demand for our COVID-19 related products, the impact of global health crises, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the global economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence in our business and products, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including rules relating to off-label marketing and other regulations relating to medical devices and the health care industry), the results of our clinical trials and perceptions thereof, our ability to effectively address cost reductions and other changes in the health care industry, our ability to successfully identify and consummate appropriate acquisitions and strategic investments, our ability to integrate the businesses we acquire and achieve the anticipated growth, synergies and other benefits of such acquisitions, contingent liabilities and other risks relating to acquisitions, investments, strategic relationships and divestitures (including tax-related and other contingent liabilities relating to past and future IPOs, split-offs or spin-offs), security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems or violations of data privac

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-24-000106_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20240423xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports First Quarter 2024 Results WASHINGTON D.C., April 23, 2024 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the quarter ended March 29, 2024. All results in this release reflect only continuing operations unless otherwise noted. Key First Quarter 2024 Results Net earnings were $1.1 billion, or $1.45 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $1.92. Revenues decreased 2.5% year-over-year to $5.8 billion and non-GAAP core revenue decreased 4.0%. Operating cash flow was $1.7 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.4 billion. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, We had a good start to 2024, with our team delivering better-than-expected revenue, earnings and cash flow. We were especially pleased to see improving order trends in our bioprocessing business and believe we continued to gain market share in our molecular diagnostics business at Cepheid. Blair continued, Looking ahead, the powerful combination of our leading portfolio and our team s commitment to executing with the Danaher Business System provides a strong foundation for differentiated long-term performance while helping to meaningfully improve human health. Second Quarter and Full Year 2024 Outlook The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP revenue, such as currency translation, acquisitions and divested product lines. For the second quarter 2024, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core revenue will be down mid-single digits year-over-year. For full year 2024, the Company continues to expect that non-GAAP core revenue will be down low-single digits year-over-year. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its first quarter results and financial guidance for the second quarter and full year 2024 during its quarterly investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations and additional related materials will be posted to the same section of Danaher s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ124). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until May 7, 2024. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com . 1 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statements regarding the anticipated financial results for the second quarter and full year 2024, order trends, the Company s prospects for delivering long-term performance and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things unanticipated, further declines in demand for our COVID-19 related products, the impact of global health crises, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the global economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties with respect to the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence in our business and products, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including rules relating to off-label marketing and other regulations relating to medical devices and the health care industry), the results of our clinical trials and perceptions thereof, our ability to effectively address cost reductions and other changes in the health care industry, our ability to successfully identify and consummate appropriate acquisitions and strategic investments, our ability to integrate the businesses we acquire and achieve the anticipated growth, synergies and other benefits of such acquisitions, contingent liabilities and other risks relating to acquisitions, investments, strategic relationships and divestitures (including tax-related and other contingent liabilities relating to past and future IPOs, split-offs or spin-offs), security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems or violations of data privacy laws, the impact of our

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-24-000006_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20240130xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Innovation at the speed of life Danaher Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Results WASHINGTON D.C., January 30, 2024 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023. All results in this release reflect only continuing operations unless otherwise noted. Key Fourth Quarter 2023 Results Net earnings were $1.1 billion, or $1.50 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $2.09. Revenues decreased 10.0% year-over-year to $6.4 billion. Non-GAAP core revenue decreased 11.5%, including a 4.5% non-GAAP base business core revenue decline. Operating cash flow was $1.6 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.2 billion. Key Full Year 2023 Results Net earnings were $4.2 billion, or $5.65 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $7.58. Revenues decreased 10.5% year-over-year to $23.9 billion. Non-GAAP core revenue decreased 10.0%, including a 0.5% non-GAAP base business core revenue decline. Operating cash flow was $6.5 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $5.1 billion. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, We delivered better-than-expected revenue in each of our segments in the fourth quarter led by respiratory revenue at Cepheid. The combination of higher-than-expected revenues and our team s strong execution enabled us to exceed our margin and cash flow expectations in what remains a dynamic market environment. Additionally, the recently closed acquisition of Abcam enhances our portfolio and expands our capabilities in the highly attractive proteomics market. Blair continued, 2023 was a transformational year for Danaher. Following the spin-off of Veralto, we are a more focused Life Sciences and Diagnostics Innovator with an enhanced long-term growth and earnings trajectory. The unique combination of our differentiated portfolio and our team's DBS-driven execution provides a strong foundation for delivering long-term shareholder value. First Quarter and Full Year 2024 Outlook The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP revenue, such as currency translation, acquisitions and divested product lines. Beginning with the first quarter of 2024 the Company will continue to provide guidance for core revenue growth, but will no longer provide guidance for, or report base business core revenue as the pandemic has transitioned to an endemic state. For the first quarter 2024, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core revenue will be down high-single digits year-over-year. For full year 2024, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP core revenue will be down low-single digits year-over-year. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its fourth quarter results and financial guidance for the first quarter and full year 2024 during its quarterly investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations and additional related materials will be posted to the same section of Danaher s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ423). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until February 13, 2024. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our approximately 63,000 associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statement regarding the anticipated financial results for the first quarter and full year 2024, Danaher s enhanced long-term growth and earnings trajectory, the Company s prospects for delivering long-term shareholder value and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things, potential future, adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners,

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-24-000004_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20240108xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Danaher CEO to Comment on Financial Performance WASHINGTON D.C., January 8, 2024 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) announced that its President and Chief Executive Officer, Rainer M. Blair, will comment tomorrow on the Company s fourth quarter 2023 performance in a presentation at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference at 2 15 p.m. ET. For the fourth quarter 2023, estimated revenues are anticipated to decrease in the low-double digit percent range year-over-year. Estimated non-GAAP core revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023 is expected to decline in the low-double digit percent range, which would be above the Company s previously announced guidance of a high-teens percent decline. Estimated non-GAAP base business core revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023 is expected to decline in the mid-single digit percent range, which would be in line with the Company s previously announced guidance. As previously announced, Danaher will hold its quarterly earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2023 on Tuesday, January 30, 2024 at 8 00 a.m. ET. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher's advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our 65,000+ associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statement regarding the anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter of 2023 and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things, potential future, adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including rules relating to off-label marketing and other regulations relating to medical devices and the health care industry), the results of our clinical trials and perceptions thereof, our ability to effectively address cost reductions and other changes in the health care industry, our ability to successfully identify and consummate appropriate acquisitions and strategic investments and successfully complete divestitures and other dispositions, our ability to integrate the businesses we acquire (including the acquisition of Abcam plc) and achieve the anticipated growth, synergies and other benefits of such acquisitions, contingent liabilities and other risks relating to acquisitions, investments, strategic relationships and divestitures (including tax-related and other contingent liabilities relating to past and future IPOs, split-offs or spin-offs), security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems or violations of data privacy laws, the impact of our restructuring activities on our ability to grow, risks relating to potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, currency exchange rates, tax audits and changes in our tax rate and income tax liabilities, changes in tax laws applicable to multinational companies, litigation and other contingent liabilities including intellectual property and environmental, health and safety matters, the rights of the United States government with respect to our production capacity in times of national emergency or with respect to intellectual property production capacity developed using government funding, risks relating to product, service or software defects, product liability and recalls, risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of the supplies we use (including commodities) and labor we need for our operations, our relationships with and the performance of our channel partners, uncertainties relating to collaboration arrangements with third-parties, the impact of deregulation on demand for our products and services, the impact of climate change, legal or regulatory measures to address climate change and our ability to address stakeholder expectations relating to climate change, labor matters and our ability to recruit, retain and motivate talented employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets, non-U.S. economic, political, legal, compliance, social and business factors (including the impact of military conflicts), disruptions relating to man-made and natural disasters, pension plan and healthcare costs, inflation and the impact of our By-law exclusive forum provisions. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available in our SEC filings, including our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2023. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release and except to the extent required by a

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-23-000258_991.htm ===
EX-99 2 dhr-20231023xex991.htm EX-99 Document Exhibit 99.1 Danaher Reports Third Quarter 2023 Results WASHINGTON, D.C., October 24, 2023 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the third quarter ended September 29, 2023. Net earnings refer to net earnings attributable to common shareholders. Results for the third quarter include the operations of Veralto Corporation, which was spun-off to Danaher's shareholders on September 30, 2023. Key Third Quarter 2023 Results Net earnings were $1.1 billion, or $1.51 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $2.02. Revenues decreased 10.5% year-over-year to $6.9 billion. Non-GAAP core revenue decreased 11.5%, including a 3.0% non-GAAP base business core revenue decline. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was $1.7 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.3 billion. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, Revenue in the third quarter came in ahead of our expectations, with Biotechnology performing as anticipated, and higher respiratory testing revenue more than offsetting slightly softer-than-anticipated demand in Life Sciences. DBS-driven execution also enabled us to deliver better-than-expected earnings and cash flow in what remains a challenging operating environment. Blair continued, We also successfully completed the spin-off of Veralto. Going forward, Danaher is dedicated to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. With our differentiated portfolio and commitment to continuous improvement, we have a unique opportunity to help solve many of the world's most critical health care challenges while building meaningful long-term shareholder value. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Outlook The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP revenue, such as currency translation, acquisitions and divested product lines. The Company s fourth quarter and full year outlook include only Danaher s continuing operations, excluding the impact of Veralto. For the fourth quarter 2023, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP base business core revenue from continuing operations will be down mid-single digits year-over-year. For full year 2023, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP base business core revenue from continuing operations will be down slightly year-over-year. Conference Call and Webcast Information Danaher will discuss its third quarter results and financial guidance for the fourth quarter and full year during its quarterly investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations and additional related materials will be posted to the same section of Danaher s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ323). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until November 8, 2023. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. 1 ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a leading global life sciences and diagnostics innovator, committed to accelerating the power of science and technology to improve human health. Our businesses partner closely with customers to solve many of the most important health challenges impacting patients around the world. Danaher s advanced science and technology - and proven ability to innovate - help enable faster, more accurate diagnoses and help reduce the time and cost needed to sustainably discover, develop and deliver life-changing therapies. Focused on scientific excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, our 65,000+ associates worldwide help ensure that Danaher is improving quality of life for billions of people today, while setting the foundation for a healthier, more sustainable tomorrow. Explore more at www.danaher.com . NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. In addition, this earnings release, our Form 10-Q, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated fourth quarter and full year 2023 non-GAAP base business core revenue growth, Danaher s future prospects, future shareholder value creation and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things, potential future, adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the economy, the market

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-23-000218_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20230725xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 DANAHER REPORTS SECOND QUARTER 2023 RESULTS WASHINGTON, D.C., July 25, 2023 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the second quarter 2023. Net earnings refer to net earnings attributable to common shareholders. For the quarter ended June 30, 2023 net earnings were $1.1 billion, or $1.49 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $2.05. Revenues decreased 7.5% year-over-year to $7.2 billion, with a 7.0% non-GAAP core revenue decrease (due primarily to the impact of lower COVID-19 revenue), including 2.0% non-GAAP base business core revenue growth. Operating cash flow for the second quarter was $1.9 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.6 billion. The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP revenue, such as currency translation, acquisitions and divested product lines. For the third quarter 2023, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP base business core revenue will be down low-single digits year-over-year. For full year 2023, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP base business core revenue growth will be up low-single digits year-over-year. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, We are pleased with our second quarter results which met our expectations, despite a more dynamic operating environment. Our team s consistent execution, paired with better-than-expected performance in our Life Science and Diagnostics businesses, including stronger respiratory testing revenue, helped offset softer demand in bioprocessing. Blair continued, We re confident about the bright future ahead for Danaher. The unique combination of our talented team, differentiated portfolio and balance sheet optionality all powered by the Danaher Business System provides a strong foundation for creating shareholder value while helping to meaningfully improve human health. Danaher will discuss its second quarter results and financial guidance for the third quarter and full year during its quarterly investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Danaher s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9708 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ223). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until August 8, 2023. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a global science and technology innovator committed to helping its customers solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world. Its family of world class brands has leadership positions in the demanding and attractive health care, environmental and applied end-markets. With more than 20 operating companies, Danaher's globally diverse team of approximately 81,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, and its Shared Purpose, Helping Realize Life's Potential . For more information, please visit www.danaher.com. NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. 1 In addition, this earnings release, our Form 10-Q, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated third quarter and full year 2023 non-GAAP base business core revenue growth, Danaher s future prospects, future shareholder value creation and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things, potential future, adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including rules relating to off-label marketing and other regulations relating to medical devices and the health care industry), the results of our clinical trials and perceptions thereof

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-23-000175_991.htm ===
EX-3.1 2 ex31-certificateofelimin.htm EX-3.1 ex31-certificateofelimin Exhibit 3.1 DANAHER CORPORATION CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION OF NUMBER OF SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK DESIGNATED AS SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK AND SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK Pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware Danaher Corporation (hereinafter called the Corporation ), pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board ) by the Corporation s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and in accordance with the provisions of Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, certifies that the Board duly adopted the following resolutions: RESOLVED: That no shares of the Corporation s 4.75% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A (the Series A Preferred Stock ) are outstanding and no shares of Series A Preferred Stock will hereafter be issued subject to the Corporation s Certificate of Designations of 4.75% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, dated February 18, 2019, with respect to such series (the Series A Certificate of Designations ); and that the Chief Executive Officer, the President and the Chief Financial Officer be and each hereby are authorized and directed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation to execute and file a certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware setting forth the text of this resolution, and that upon the filing and effectiveness of such certificate, all matters as set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designations shall be deemed to have been eliminated from the Corporation s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and all of the 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock previously designated as Series A Preferred Stock shall resume their status as undesignated shares of preferred stock. RESOLVED: That no shares of the Corporation s 5.00% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B (the Series B Preferred Stock ) are outstanding and no shares of Series B Preferred Stock will hereafter be issued subject to the Corporation s Certificate of Designations of 5.00% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B, dated May 11, 2020, with respect to such series (the Series B Certificate of Designations ); and that the Chief Executive Officer, the President and the Chief Financial Officer be and each hereby are authorized and directed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation to execute and file a certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware setting forth the text of this resolution, and that upon the filing and effectiveness of such certificate, all matters as set forth in the Series B Certificate of Designations shall be deemed to have been eliminated from the Corporation s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and all of the 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock previously designated as Series B Preferred Stock shall resume their status as undesignated shares of preferred stock. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Elimination to be signed by its duly authorized officer this 9th day of May, 2023. DANAHER CORPORATION By: /s/ James F. O Reilly James F. O Reilly Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-23-000129_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20230425xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 DANAHER REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS WASHINGTON, D.C., April 25, 2023 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the first quarter 2023. Net earnings refer to net earnings attributable to common shareholders. For the quarter ended March 31, 2023 net earnings were $1.4 billion, or $1.94 per diluted common share and non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $2.36. Revenues decreased 7.0% year-over-year to $7.2 billion, with a 4.0% non-GAAP core revenue decrease, due to the impact of lower COVID-19 revenue, and 6.0% non-GAAP base business core revenue growth. Operating cash flow was $1.9 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $1.7 billion. The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP revenue, such as currency translation, acquisitions and divested product lines. For the second quarter and full year 2023, the Company anticipates that non-GAAP base business core revenue growth will be up mid-single digits year-over-year. Rainer M. Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, We had a good start to the year in the first quarter. Our team s focused execution in a challenging operating environment helped deliver better-than-expected revenue, earnings and cash flow. We are especially pleased with the performance of our base business, which grew 6.0% in the first quarter. Blair continued, Looking ahead, we believe the combination of our leading businesses, the power of the Danaher Business System and the strength of our balance sheet differentiates Danaher and positions us to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value. Danaher will discuss its first quarter results and financial guidance for the second quarter and full year during its quarterly investor conference call today starting at 8 00 a.m. ET. The call and an accompanying slide presentation will be webcast on the Investors section of Danaher s website, www.danaher.com, under the subheading Events Presentations and additional materials will be posted to the same section of Danaher s website. A replay of the webcast will be available in the same section of Danaher s website shortly after the conclusion of the presentation and will remain available until the next quarterly earnings call. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-245-3047 within the U.S. or by dialing +1 203-518-9765 outside the U.S. a few minutes before the 8 00 a.m. ET start and telling the operator that you are dialing in for Danaher s earnings conference call (Conference ID DHRQ123). A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call and until May 9, 2023. You can access the replay dial-in information on the Investors section of Danaher s website under the subheading Events Presentations. ABOUT DANAHER Danaher is a global science and technology innovator committed to helping its customers solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world. Its family of world class brands has leadership positions in the demanding and attractive health care, environmental and applied end-markets. With more than 20 operating companies, Danaher's globally diverse team of approximately 81,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, and its Shared Purpose, Helping Realize Life's Potential . For more information, please visit www.danaher.com. NON-GAAP MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIALS In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this earnings release also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Calculations of these measures, the reasons why we believe these measures provide useful information to investors, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, as applicable, and other information relating to these non-GAAP measures are included in the supplemental reconciliation schedule attached. 1 In addition, this earnings release, our Form 10-Q, the slide presentation accompanying the related earnings call, non-GAAP reconciliations and a note containing details of historical and anticipated, future financial performance have been posted to the Investors section of Danaher s website (www.danaher.com) under the subheading Quarterly Earnings. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this release that are not strictly historical, including the statement regarding the Company's anticipated second quarter and full year 2023 non-GAAP base business core revenue growth, the Company s differentiation and positioning to continue delivering sustainable, long-term shareholder value and any other statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things, potential future, adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of our debt obligations on our operations and liquidity, deterioration of or instability in the economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets, uncertainties relating to national laws or policies, including laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and or address foreign competition, contractions or growth rates and cyclicality of markets we serve, competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies and expand into new markets, the potential for improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including rules relating to off-label marketing and other regulations relating to medical devices and the health care industry), the results of our clinical trials and perceptions thereof, our ability to effectively address cost reductions and other changes in the health care industry, our ability to successfully identify and consummate appropriate acquisitions and strategic investments and successf

=== [ER] edgar_0000313616-23-000006_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 dhr-20230124xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 DANAHER REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2022 RESULTS WASHINGTON, D.C., January 24, 2023 -- Danaher Corporation (NYSE DHR) (the Company ) today announced results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. All results in this release reflect only continuing operations unless otherwise noted. Net earnings refers to net earnings attributable to common shareholders. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, net earnings were $2.2 billion, or $2.99 per diluted common share which represents a 25.0% year-over-year increase from the comparable 2021 period. Non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $2.87 which represents a 6.5% increase over the comparable 2021 period. Revenues increased 2.5% year-over-year in the fourth quarter of 2022 to $8.4 billion. Non-GAAP core revenue growth was 7.5%, including 7.5% non-GAAP base business core revenue growth. For the full year 2022, net earnings were $7.1 billion, or $9.66 per diluted common share which represents a 13.5% year-over-year increase. Non-GAAP adjusted diluted net earnings per common share for the year were $10.95, which represents a 9.0% increase over the comparable 2021 amount. Revenues for the full year 2022 increased 7.0% to $31.5 billion. Non-GAAP core revenue growth was 9.5%, including 8.0% non-GAAP base business core revenue growth. Operating cash flow for the full year 2022 was $8.5 billion and non-GAAP free cash flow was $7.4 billion. The Company provides forecasted sales only on a non-GAAP basis because of the difficulty in estimating the other components of GAAP revenue, such as curren