=== BLK_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors As a global investment management firm, risk is an inherent part of BlackRock’s business. Global markets, by their nature, are prone to uncertainty and subject participants to a variety of risks. While BlackRock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identify, measure, monitor, manage and analyze market, operating, legal, compliance, reputational, fiduciary and investment risks, BlackRock’s business, financial condition, operating results and nonoperating results could be materially adversely affected and the Company’s stock price could decline as a result of any of these risks and uncertainties, including the ones discussed below. RISKS RELATED TO MARKET AND COMPETITION Changes in the value levels of equity, debt, real assets, commodities, foreign exchange or other asset markets, including from the impact of global trade policies and tariffs, may cause assets under management (“AUM”), revenue and earnings to decline. BlackRock’s investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of AUM and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. Numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or movements in the price of real assets, commodities, digital assets or other alternative investments in which BlackRock invests on behalf of its clients, including from the impact of global fiscal, monetary and trade policies, could cause: • the value of AUM, or BlackRock's returns on AUM, to decrease; • client redemptions from BlackRock’s products; • client rebalancing or reallocating of assets into BlackRock products that yield lower fees; • an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or • a decrease in the value of seed or co-investment capital, strategic minority investments or joint ventures. These risks may also be heightened by market volatility, illiquid market conditions or other market disruptions. The occurrence of any of the above events may cause the Company’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. Changes in interest or foreign exchange rates and/or global markets may impact BlackRock’s AUM, base fees as well as net income and operating cash flows. BlackRock’s business is directly and indirectly affected by changes in global interest rates, as well as changes in global markets, which have experienced substantial volatility in recent years. Similarly, due to the global nature of BlackRock’s operations, a portion of its business is conducted in currencies other than the United States (“US”) dollar. Fluctuations in BlackRock’s AUM related to its exposure to foreign exchange rates relative to the US dollar and interest rates may introduce volatility to the Company’s base fees, net income and operating cash flows. In addition, the relative performance of different markets that impact the Company’s AUM and net inflows may lead to an increase in the proportion of AUM weighted towards lower (or higher) relative management fee rates. As a result, the Company’s average effective fee rate may be lower (or higher) from period to period. These potential changes to the Company’s average effective fee rate may also cause average growth rates of AUM and base fees to differ, which impact the Company’s revenue and earnings. BlackRock’s investment advisory contracts may be terminated or may not be renewed by clients and fund boards on favorable terms and the liquidation of certain funds may be accelerated at the option of investors. BlackRock derives a substantial portion of its revenue from providing investment advisory services. The advisory or management contracts BlackRock has entered into with its clients, including the agreements that govern many of BlackRock’s investment funds, provide investors or, in some cases, the independent directors of applicable investment funds, with significant latitude to terminate such contracts, withdraw funds or liquidate funds, or to remove BlackRock as a fund’s investment advisor (or equivalent). BlackRock also manages its US mutual funds, closed-end and exchange-traded funds under management contracts that must be renewed and approved annually by the funds’ respective boards of directors, a majority of whom are independent from the Company. BlackRock’s fee arrangements under any of its advisory or management contracts may be reduced (including at the behest of a fund’s board of directors). In addition, shareholder activism involving closed-end funds has increased, including public campaigns to demand that a fund consider significant transactions such as a tender offer, merger or liquidation or seek other actions such as the termination of the fund's management contract. If a number of BlackRock’s clients terminate their contracts, or otherwise remove BlackRock from its advisory roles, liquidate funds or fail to renew management contracts on similar terms, the fees or carried interest BlackRock earns could be reduced, which may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. The failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may cause AUM in similar BlackRock products to decline irrespective of BlackRock’s performance. Many competitors offer similar products to those offered by BlackRock and the failure or negative performance of competitors’ products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar BlackRock products, irrespective of the performance of such BlackRock products. Any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, which may cause the Company’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. Increased competition may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. The investment management industry is highly competitive, and BlackRock competes based on several factors including: investment performance, liquidity, its technology and portfolio construction offerings, the level of fees charged, the quality and breadth of services and products provided, name recognition and reputation, and its ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. In addition, over the past several years, the asset management industry has continued to evolve as investors increasingly seek out firms that have the capacity to deliver broad multi-asset investment capabilities and technological expertise, including in a manner that is responsive to ever more localized needs. This evolution, together with the introduction of new technologies, as well as regulatory changes, continues to alter the competitive landscape for investment managers, which may lead to additional fee compression or require BlackRock to invest more to modify or adapt its product offerings to attract and retain customers and remain competitive with the products, services and geographic diversity offered by other financial institutions, technology companies, advisory or asset management firms. Increased competition on the basis of any of these factors, including competition leading to fee reductions on existing or new business, may cause the Company’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. 20 Failure to maintain Aladdin’s competitive position in a dynamic market could lead to a loss of clients and could impede BlackRock’s productivity and growth. The sophisticated risk analytics, portfolio management, trade execution and investment operations that BlackRock provides via its technology platform to support investment advisory and Aladdin clients are important elements of BlackRock’s competitive success. Aladdin’s competitive position is based in part on its ability to combine risk analytics with portfolio management, trading and operations tools on a single platform. Increased competition from risk analytics and investment management technology providers, including from competitors with increasingly sophisticated and comprehensive product offerings, or a shift in client demand toward standalone or internally developed solutions, whether due to price competition, perceived market share, platform offerings or flexibility, or market-based or regulatory factors, may weaken Aladdin’s competitive position and may cause the Company’s revenue and earnings to decline. In addition, to the extent that Aladdin competitors are able to innovate more effectively than BlackRock or leverage delivery models that provide clients faster time to market, lower costs or the ability to more seamlessly combine or bundle with other service offerings, BlackRock may lose existing clients or fail to capture future market share, which may impede its productivity and growth. Moreover, although BlackRock takes steps to safeguard against infringements of its intellectual property (“IP”), there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to effectively protect and enforce its IP rights in Aladdin. BlackRock may be unable to develop new products and services and the development of new products and services may expose BlackRock to reputational harm, additional costs or operational risk. BlackRock’s financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to react to changes in the asset management industry, respond to evolving client demands and technological advances, and develop, market and manage new investment products and services. The development and introduction of new products and services, including the creation of increasingly customizable products, products related to digital assets and tokenized assets and products blending public and private market allocations, requires continued innovative effort from BlackRock and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. Substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services, constraints on BlackRock’s ability to manage growth within client mandates, compliance with regulatory and disclosure requirements and IP-related lawsuits or claims, which may not be fully evident or identified prior to the introduction of any such product or service. A growing number of BlackRock’s products and services also depend on data provided by third parties as analytical inputs and are subject to additional risks, including with respect to data quality, cost, availability and provider relationships. Data sets for certain developing analytics, such as those in the sustainability space, continue to evolve and difficulties approximating gaps in the data, sourcing data from reliable sources, or validating the data could adversely impact the accuracy and effectiveness of such analytics. New and developing asset classes, including digital assets, are also subject to heightened risks such as their potential misuse by illicit actors. There can be no assurance that BlackRock will be able to innovate effectively in order to develop new products or services that address the needs of its clients on the timeline they require. Any failure to successfully develop and support new products and services, or effectively manage associated operational risks, could have an adverse impact on BlackRock’s growth, harm BlackRock’s reputation and expose the Company to additional costs, which may cause its AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. Changes in the value of seed and co-investments that BlackRock owns could affect its income and could increase the volatility of its earnings. At December 31, 2025, BlackRock’s net economic investment exposure of approximately $4.9 billion in its investments (see Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Investments ) primarily resulted from co-investments and seed investments in its sponsored investment funds. Movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or other alternative investments, could lower the value of these investments, increase the volatility of BlackRock’s earnings and cause earnings to decline. BlackRock indemnifies certain securities lending clients for specified losses as a result of a borrower default. BlackRock provides borrower default indemnification to certain of its securities lending clients. In the event of a borrower default, BlackRock may use the collateral provided by the defaulting borrower to repurchase securities out on loan to such borrower in order to replace them in a client’s account. Borrower default indemnification is limited to the shortfall that occurs in the event the collateral available at the time of the borrower’s default is insufficient to repurchase those securities out on loan. BlackRock requires borrowers to mark to market their posted collateral daily to levels in excess of the value of the securities out on loan which mitigates the likelihood of the indemnity being triggered. Where the collateral is in the form of cash, the borrower default indemnification BlackRock provides does not guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which that cash collateral is invested. The amount of securities on loan as of December 31, 2025 and subject to this type of indemnification was approximately $353 billion. In the Company’s capacity as lending agent, cash and securities totaling approximately $375 billion was held as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at December 31, 2025. Significant borrower defaults occurring simultaneously with rapid declines in the value of collateral and/or increases in the value of the securities loaned may create collateral shortfalls, which could result in material liabilities under these indemnities and may cause the Company’s revenue and earnings to decline. BlackRock’s decision on whether to provide support to particular investment products from time to time, or the inability to provide support, may cause AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. While not legally mandated, BlackRock, at its option and from time to time, has and may in the future choose to seed, warehouse or otherwise support investment products through capital or credit support for commercial or other reasons. Any decision by BlackRock on whether to support products may utilize capital and liquidity that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. BlackRock’s ability to seed, warehouse or otherwise support certain products may be restricted by regulation or by the Company’s failure to have or make available sufficient capital or liquidity. Moreover, inherent constraints arising from the business models of certain asset managers, including BlackRock, may during periods of market volatility result in BlackRock having fewer options for accessing liquidity than asset managers with alternate business models, which may adversely impact its ability to support certain products. Any decision by BlackRock to support particular investment products, or its inability or unwillingness to provide such support, may result in losses or affect BlackRock's capital or liquidity, which may cause AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. 21 Geopolitical unrest and other events outside of BlackRock’s control could adversely affect the global economy and specific international, regional and domestic markets, which may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. Geopolitical risks, including those arising from trade tensions, the imposition of trade tariffs, terrorist activity or acts of civil or international hostility, could have an adverse impact on BlackRock. For instance, regional conflicts have and may continue to result in geopolitical instability and adversely affect the global economy, supply chains, specific markets and operations. Strategic competition, including between the US and China, and resulting tensions and heightened levels of political polarization have also contributed to uncertainty in the geopolitical and regulatory landscapes. Similarly, other events outside of BlackRock’s control, including the impact of natural disasters, climate-related events, pandemics or health crises may arise from time to time and be accompanied by governmental actions that may increase international tension or impact the US or global economy in ways that are uncertain. Any such events and responses, including regulatory developments or retaliatory actions, may cause significant volatility and declines in the global markets, disproportionate impacts to certain industries or sectors, disruptions to commerce (including to economic activity, travel and supply chains), loss of life and property damage, and may adversely affect the global economy or capital markets, as well as the Company’s products, operations, clients and client sentiments, vendors and employees, which may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. BlackRock’s exposure to geopolitical risks may be heightened to the extent such risks arise in countries in which BlackRock currently operates or seeks to expand its presence. Climate-related risks could adversely affect BlackRock’s business, products, operations and clients, which may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. BlackRock’s business and those of its clients could be impacted by climate-related risks. Climate-related risks may impact BlackRock through changes in the physical climate or from the process of transitioning to a low-carbon economy. Climate-related physical risks may include acute impacts such as more extreme weather and climate events, or chronic impacts representing longer-term shifts in the climate such as temperature increases and sea level rises. This may result in impairment of infrastructure and facilities, including BlackRock’s physical assets, as well as disrupt supply chains. Climate-related transition risks arise as the economy moves from a reliance on carbon-based energy towards a low-carbon economy through policy, regulatory, technology and market changes. For instance, divergent existing and future climate regulations or guidance, as well as differing perspectives of client and other stakeholders regarding climate impacts, have and may continue to affect BlackRock’s business activities and reputation, increase scrutiny and complicate compliance requirements. Climate-related physical and transition risks could also impact BlackRock’s business both directly and indirectly through adverse impacts to its clients’ investments, including as a result of declines in asset values, changes in client preferences, increased regulatory and compliance costs and significant business disruptions. Any of these risks may cause the Company’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. RISKS RELATED TO INVESTMENT PERFORMANCE Poor investment performance could lead to the loss of clients and may cause AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. The Company’s management believes that investment performance, including the efficient delivery of beta, is one of the most important factors for the growth and retention of AUM. Poor investment performance relative to applicable portfolio benchmarks, aggregate fee levels or competitors may cause AUM, revenue and earnings to decline as a result of: • client withdrawals in favor of better performing products offered by competitors; • client shifts to products that charge lower fees; • the diminishing ability to attract additional funds from existing and new clients; • reduced, minimal or no performance fees; • an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or • a decrease in the valuations of seed and co-investment capital, strategic minority investments or joint ventures. Performance fees may increase volatility of both revenue and earnings. Part of BlackRock’s revenue is derived from performance fees on investment advisory assignments. Performance fees represented $1.4 billion, or 6%, of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. Generally, the Company is entitled to a performance fee only if the agreement under which it is managing the assets provides for one and if returns on the related portfolio exceed agreed-upon periodic or cumulative return targets. If these targets are not exceeded, a performance fee for that period will not be earned and, if targets are based on cumulative returns, the Company may not earn performance fees in future periods. The volatility of the Company’s future revenue and earnings may also be affected due to private markets becoming an increasing component of the overall composition of the Company’s performance fee generating assets, including from the Company’s acquisition of GIP (the “GIP Acquisition”) and HPS (the “HPS Acquisition”). In particular, the Company expects that as it manages various longer-horizon private markets strategies, its performance fees may be recognized over substantially longer multi-year periods than those associated with more liquid products. Failure to identify errors in the quantitative models BlackRock utilizes to manage its business could adversely affect product performance and client relationships. BlackRock employs various quantitative models to support its investment processes, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and valuations. Any errors or limitations in the underlying models, model inputs or assumptions, including those from third-party sources, as well as any failure of BlackRock’s governance, approval, testing, validation and monitoring standards in respect of such models, model inputs or assumptions, the failure to timely update such models, model inputs or assumptions or errors in how such models are used, could have adverse effects on BlackRock’s business and reputation. These risks may be heightened by the rapid growth and complexity of new models, evolving data sets and standards, and market volatility. 22 TECHNOLOGY AND OPERATIONAL RISKS A failure in, or disruption to, BlackRock’s operations, systems or infrastructure, including business continuity plans, could adversely affect operations, damage the Company’s reputation and cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. BlackRock’s infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. Moreover, a significant portion of BlackRock’s critical business operations is concentrated in a limited number of geographic areas, including Atlanta, Belgrade, Budapest, Edinburgh, Gurgaon, London, Mumbai, New York and San Francisco. The failure to maintain an infrastructure commensurate with the size and scope of BlackRock’s business, or the occurrence of a business outage or event outside BlackRock’s control, including a major earthquake, hurricane, fire, terrorist act, pandemic, health crisis or other catastrophic event, or the actions of individuals or groups seeking to disrupt BlackRock’s operations in any location at which BlackRock maintains a major presence, could materially impact operations, result in business disruption or impede the Company's growth. Despite BlackRock’s efforts to ensure business continuity, if it fails to keep business continuity plans up-to-date or if such plans, including secure back-up facilities and systems and the availability of back-up employees, are improperly implemented or deployed during a disruption, the Company’s ability to operate could be adversely impacted which may cause AUM, revenue and earnings to decline or impact the Company’s ability to comply with regulatory obligations or contractual obligations leading to reputational harm, legal liability, regulatory fines and/or sanctions. A cyber-attack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and lead to financial losses and reputational harm, which may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. BlackRock is dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities it maintains to protect its computer and telecommunications systems and the data that resides on or is transmitted through them, including data provided by third parties that is significant to portions of BlackRock's business and products. An information security incident or disruption, such as a cyber-attack including social engineering, deepfakes, phishing scams, business email compromise, malware, denial-of-service or ransomware attacks, or failures to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client or competitive information. Moreover, developments in BlackRock’s use of process automation and artificial intelligence (“AI”), as well as the use of remote access by employees and mobile and cloud technologies, heighten these and other operational risks, as certain aspects of the security of such technologies may be complex, unpredictable or beyond BlackRock’s control. BlackRock’s growing exposure to the public Internet, as well as reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks, could disrupt BlackRock’s operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of personal, confidential or proprietary information or third-party data. In addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures may be circumvented, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies including quantum computing increase the speed and computing power available. The financial services industry has been the subject of cyber-attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties, including nation state actors, terrorist organizations, cyber criminals and hacktivists. BlackRock has been and continues to be the target of cyber-attacks, as well as the co-opting of its brand and fraudulent impersonations of the Company and members of management. It continues to monitor and develop its systems to protect its technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption, as the failure to do so could disrupt BlackRock’s operations and cause financial losses. Advances in technology, including generative AI, and use of such technology by malicious actors heighten these risks. Although BlackRock has implemented policies and controls, and takes protective measures involving significant expense, to help prevent and address potential data breaches, inadvertent disclosures, increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks and cyber-related fraud, there can be no assurance that any of these measures proves fully effective. In addition, given the evolving nature of cyber threat actors and the increasing sophistication of cyber-attack methodology, a successful cyber-attack may persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and it may take a considerable amount of time for an investigation to be completed and the severity and potential impact to be known. Moreover, due to the complexity and interconnectedness of BlackRock’s systems, the process of upgrading or patching the Company’s protective measures could itself create a risk of security issues or system disruptions for the Company, as well as for clients who rely upon, or have exposure to, BlackRock’s systems. In addition, due to BlackRock’s interconnectivity with third-party vendors, advisors, central agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, BlackRock or any such third-party may be adversely affected if any of them (or their service providers) is subject to a successful cyber-attack or other information security event, including those arising due to the use of mobile technology or a third-party cloud environment. BlackRock also routinely transmits and receives personal, confidential or proprietary information by email and other electronic means. The Company collaborates with clients, vendors and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber-attacks. However, BlackRock or such third parties may not have all appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of such information. Any information security incident or cyber-attack against BlackRock or third parties with whom it is connected, including any interception, mishandling or misuse of personal, confidential or proprietary information or failure to disclose or communicate a cybersecurity incident appropriately, could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. In addition, BlackRock’s cybersecurity insurance may not cover all losses and damages from such events and BlackRock’s ability to maintain or obtain sufficient insurance coverage in the future may be limited . 23 Failure or unavailability of third-party dependencies may adversely affect Aladdin operations, which could cause reputational harm, lead to a loss of clients and impede BlackRock’s productivity and growth. BlackRock must maintain effective infrastructure, including a robust and secure technological framework, to maximize the benefit of the Aladdin platform. In so doing, it relies in part on certain third-party service providers, including for cloud hosting and technologies supporting cloud-based operations. For example, Aladdin’s data architecture depends on third-party providers of technology solutions, including the ability of such parties to scal

=== BLK_2026-05-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors 66 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 67 Item 5. Other Information 68 Item 6. Exhibits 69 Signatures 70 i PART I – FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Finan cial Statements Black Rock, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (unaudited) March 31, December 31, (in millions, except shares and per share data) 2026 2025 Assets Cash and cash equivalents (1) $ 9,841 $ 11,468 Accounts receivable 5,219 5,158 Investments (1) 14,574 13,271 Separate account assets 58,786 60,098 Separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements 6,570 7,922 Property and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $ 1,766 and $ 1,692 at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, respectively) 1,279 1,256 Intangible assets (net of accumulated amortization of $ 1,733 and $ 1,482 at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, respectively) 27,691 27,968 Goodwill 35,296 35,283 Operating lease right-of-use assets 1,849 1,874 Other assets (1) 9,132 5,700 Total assets $ 170,237 $ 169,998 Liabilities Accrued compensation and benefits $ 1,588 $ 3,830 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 2,097 1,740 Borrowings 12,749 12,768 Separate account liabilities 58,786 60,098 Separate account collateral liabilities under securities lending agreements 6,570 7,922 Contingent consideration liabilities 7,865 8,429 Deferred income tax liabilities 4,660 4,618 Operating lease liabilities 2,216 2,228 Other liabilities (1) 10,390 6,823 Total liabilities 106,921 108,456 Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Temporary equity Redeemable noncontrolling interests ("NCI") - consolidated sponsored investment products ("CIPs") 3,622 2,636 Redeemable NCI - Subco 2,789 2,791 Permanent equity BlackRock, Inc. stockholders’ equity Common stock, $ 0.01 par value; 2 2 Shares authorized: 500,000,000 at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025; Shares issued: 156,276,289 at both March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025 Shares outstanding: 155,364,965 and 155,069,171 at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, respectively Additional paid-in capital 19,146 19,748 Retained earnings 39,182 37,899 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 678 ) ( 545 ) Treasury stock, common, at cost ( 911,324 and 1,207,118 shares held at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, respectively) ( 964 ) ( 1,216 ) Total BlackRock, Inc. stockholders’ equity 56,688 55,888 Nonredeemable NCI - CIPs 217 227 Total permanent equity 56,905 56,115 Total liabilities, temporary equity and permanent equity $ 170,237 $ 169,998 (1) At March 31, 2026, cash and cash equivalents, investments, other assets and other liabilities include $ 238 million , $ 9.1 billion , $ 132 million and $ 3.9 billion , respectively, related to consolidated variable interest entities (“VIEs”). At December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents, investments, other assets and other liabilities include $ 428 million , $ 8.5 billion , $ 76 million and $ 4.1 billion , respectively, related to consolidated VIEs. See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 1 Black Rock, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, (in millions, except per share data) 2026 2025 Revenue Investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue: Investment advisory and administration fees $ 5,259 $ 4,244 Securities lending revenue 179 157 Total investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue 5,438 4,401 Investment advisory performance fees 272 60 Technology services and subscription revenue 530 436 Distribution fees 389 321 Advisory and other revenue 69 58 Total revenue 6,698 5,276 Expense Employee compensation and benefits 2,225 1,741 Sales, asset and account expense: Distribution and servicing costs 705 570 Direct fund expense 481 392 Sub-advisory and other 71 47 Total sales, asset and account expense 1,257 1,009 General and administration expense 674 615 Change in fair value of contingent consideration ( 549 ) 96 Amortization of intangible assets 277 117 Total expense 3,884 3,578 Operating income 2,814 1,698 Nonoperating income (expense) Net gain (loss) on investments 72 58 Interest and dividend income 90 173 Interest expense ( 134 ) ( 166 ) Dividend income and net interest income (expense) ( 44 ) 7 Total nonoperating income (expense) 28 65 Income before income taxes 2,842 1,763 Income tax expense 516 248 Net income 2,326 1,515 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to NCI - CIPs 6 5 Net income (loss) attributable to NCI - Subco 108 — Net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc. $ 2,212 $ 1,510 Earnings per share attributable to BlackRock, Inc. common stockholders: Basic $ 14.24 $ 9.74 Diluted $ 14.06 $ 9.64 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic 155.3 155.0 Diluted (including Subco Units) 165.0 156.6 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 2 Blac kRock, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, (in millions) 2026 2025 Net income $ 2,326 $ 1,515 Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments (1) ( 139 ) 227 Comprehensive income (loss) 2,187 1,742 Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to NCI - CIPs 6 5 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to NCI - Subco 108 — Comprehensive income attributable to BlackRock, Inc. $ 2,073 $ 1,737 (1) Amount for the three months ended March 31, 2026 includes a gain from a net investment hedge of $ 17 million (net of tax expense of $ 5 million). Amount for the three months ended March 31, 2025 included a loss from a net investment hedge of $ 34 million (net of tax benefit of $ 11 million). See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 Black Rock, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 (in millions, except per share data) Additional Paid-in Capital (1) Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Common Total BlackRock Stockholders’ Equity Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interests - CIPs Total Permanent Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests / Temporary Equity - CIPs Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests / Temporary Equity - Subco December 31, 2025 $ 19,750 $ 37,899 $ ( 545 ) $ ( 1,216 ) $ 55,888 $ 227 $ 56,115 $ 2,636 $ 2,791 Net income — 2,212 — — 2,212 ( 2 ) 2,210 8 108 Dividends/distributions ($ 5.73 per share/Subco Unit) — ( 929 ) — — ( 929 ) — ( 929 ) — ( 44 ) Stock-based compensation 319 — — — 319 — 319 — — Issuance of common shares related to employee stock transactions ( 818 ) — — 899 81 — 81 — — Employee tax withholdings related to employee stock transactions — — — ( 360 ) ( 360 ) — ( 360 ) — — Shares/Subco Units repurchased ( 111 ) — — ( 287 ) ( 398 ) — ( 398 ) — ( 52 ) Subscriptions (redemptions/distributions) — noncontrolling interest holders — — — — — ( 8 ) ( 8 ) 1,226 — Net consolidations (deconsolidations) of sponsored investment funds — — — — — — — ( 248 ) — Other comprehensive income (loss) — — ( 139 ) — ( 139 ) — ( 139 ) — — Change in BlackRock, Inc's ownership interest 8 — 6 — 14 — 14 — ( 14 ) March 31, 2026 $ 19,148 $ 39,182 $ ( 678 ) $ ( 964 ) $ 56,688 $ 217 $ 56,905 $ 3,622 $ 2,789 (1) Amounts include $ 2 million of common stock at both March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025 . For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 (in millions, except per share data) Additional Paid-in Capital (1) Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Common Total BlackRock Stockholders’ Equity Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interests Total Permanent Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests / Temporary Equity December 31, 2024 $ 13,448 $ 35,611 $ ( 1,178 ) $ ( 386 ) $ 47,495 $ 169 $ 47,664 $ 1,691 Net income — 1,510 — — 1,510 ( 1 ) 1,509 6 Dividends ($ 5.21 per share) — ( 838 ) — — ( 838 ) — ( 838 ) — Stock-based compensation 241 — — — 241 — 241 — Issuance of common shares related to emplo