=== WEC_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business Public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics, could adversely affect our business functions, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business Our operations and corporate strategy may be adversely affected by supply chain disruptions, inflation, and tariffs. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business We are actively involved with multiple significant capital projects, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect project costs and completion of construction projects. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Economic and Market Volatility The fluctuation in demand for certain commodities and their respective prices could negatively impact our operations. For additional information concerning other risk factors, including market risks, see the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information at the beginning of this report and Item 1A. Risk Factors. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in compliance with GAAP requires the application of accounting policies, as well as the use of estimates, assumptions, and judgments that could have a material impact on our financial statements and related disclosures. Judgments regarding future events may include the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and anticipated recovery of costs. Actual results may differ significantly from estimated amounts based on varying assumptions. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The following is a list of accounting policies and estimates that require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments and may change in subsequent periods. Regulatory Accounting Our utility operations follow the guidance under the Regulated Operations Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 980). Our financial statements reflect the effects of the ratemaking principles followed by the jurisdictions regulating us. Certain items that would otherwise be immediately recognized as revenues and expenses are deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities for future recovery or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators. Future recovery of regulatory assets, including the timeliness of recovery and our ability to earn a reasonable return, is not assured and is generally subject to review by regulators in rate proceedings for matters such as prudence and reasonableness. Once approved, the regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into earnings over the rate recovery or refund period. If recovery or refund of costs is not approved or is no longer considered probable, these regulatory assets or liabilities are recognized in current period earnings. Management regularly assesses whether these regulatory assets and liabilities are probable of future recovery or refund by considering factors such as changes in the regulatory environment, earnings from our electric and natural gas utility operations, rate orders issued by our regulators, historical decisions by our regulators regarding regulatory assets and liabilities, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. The application of the Regulated Operations Topic of the FASB ASC would be discontinued if all or a separable portion of our utility operations no longer met the criteria for application. Our regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off to income as an unusual or infrequently occurring item in the period in which discontinuation occurred. See Note 6, Regulatory Assets and Liabilities, for more information on our regulatory assets and liabilities. 2025 Form 10-K 80 WEC Energy Group, Inc. Table of Contents Goodwill We completed our annual goodwill impairment tests for all of our reporting units that carried a goodwill balance as of July 1, 2025. No impairments were recorded as a result of these tests. For all of our reporting units, the fair values calculated in step one of the test were greater than their carrying values. The fair values for the reporting units were calculated using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. For the income approach, we used internal forecasts to project cash flows. Any forecast contains a degree of uncertainty, and changes in these cash flows could significantly increase or decrease the calculated fair value of a reporting unit. For our reporting units that are regulated, a fair recovery of and return on costs prudently incurred to serve customers is assumed. An unfavorable outcome in a rate case could cause the fair values of our reporting units to decrease. Key assumptions used in the income approach include ROEs, the long-term growth rates used to determine terminal values at the end of the discrete forecast period, and the discount rates. The discount rate is applied to estimated future cash flows and is one of the most significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the income approach. As interest rates rise, the calculated fair values will decrease. The discount rate is based on the weighted-average cost of capital for each reporting unit, taking into account both the after-tax cost of debt and cost of equity. The terminal year ROE for each utility is driven by its current allowed ROE. The terminal growth rate is based primarily on a combination of historical and forecasted statistics for real gross domestic product and personal income for each utility service area. For the market approach, we used a higher weighting for the guideline public company method than the guideline merged and acquired company method due to a low number of mergers and acquisitions in recent years. The guideline public company method uses financial metrics from similar publicly traded companies to determine fair value. The guideline merged and acquired company method calculates fair value by analyzing the actual prices paid for recent mergers and acquisitions in the industry. We applied multiples derived from these two methods to the appropriate operating metrics for our reporting units to determine fair value. The underlying assumptions and estimates used in the impairment tests were made as of a point in time. Subsequent changes in these assumptions and estimates could change the results of the tests. For all of our reporting units that carried a goodwill balance at July 1, 2025, the fair value exceeded its carrying value by over 50%. Based on these results, our reporting units are not at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. See Note 10, Goodwill and Intangibles, for more information. Long-Lived Assets In accordance with ASC 980-360, Regulated Operations Property, Plant, and Equipment, we periodically assess the recoverability of certain long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of those long-lived assets may not be recoverable. Examples of events or changes in circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant decrease in the market price, a significant change in use, a regulatory decision related to recovery of assets from customers, adverse legal factors or a change in business climate, operating or cash flow losses, or an expectation that the asset might be sold or abandoned. See Note 1(k), Asset Impairment, for our policy on accounting for abandonments and recently completed plant subject to disallowance. Performing an impairment evaluation involves a significant degree of estimation and judgment by management in areas such as identifying circumstances that indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and grouping affected assets, and developing the undiscounted future cash flows. An impairment loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the asset in comparison to the fair value of the asset. The fair value of the asset is assessed using various methods, including recent comparable third-party sales for our nonregulated operations, internally developed discounted cash flow analysis, expected recovery of regulated assets, and analysis from outside advisors. See Note 7, Property, Plant, and Equipment, for more information on our generating units probable of being retired. See Note 6, Regulatory Assets and Liabilities, for information on our retired generating units. 2025 Form 10-K 81 WEC Energy Group, Inc. Table of Contents Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefits The costs of providing non-contributory defined pension benefits and OPEB, described in Note 20, Employee Benefits, are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Pension and OPEB costs are impacted by actual employee demographics (including age, compensation levels, and employment periods), the level of contributions made to the plans, and earnings on plan assets. Pension and OPEB costs may also be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including anticipated rates of return on plan assets, mortality and discount rates, and expected health care cost trends. Changes made to the plan provisions may also impact current and future pension and OPEB costs. Pension and OPEB plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. Fluctuations in actual equity and fixed income market returns, as well as changes in general interest rates, may result in increased or decreased benefit costs in future periods. Changes in benefit costs are mitigated at our Wisconsin utilities through the requirement that WE, WPS, and WG implement escrow accounting treatment for pension and OPEB costs, as required by rate orders issued by the PSCW. See Note 26, Regulatory Environment, for more information on rates at our Wisconsin utilities. We believe that changes to benefit costs at our other utilities would be recovered or refunded through the ratemaking process. The following table shows how a given change in certain actuarial assumptions would impact the projected benefit obligation and the reported net periodic pension cost (including amounts capitalized to our balance sheets). Each factor below reflects an evaluation of the change based on a change in that assumption only. Actuarial Assumption (in millions, except percentages) Percentage-Point Change in Assumption Impact on Projected Benefit Obligation Impact on 2025 Pension Cost Discount rate (0.5) $ 100.7 $ 6.6 Discount rate 0.5 (90.8) (7.5) Rate of return on plan assets (0.5) N/A 13.1 Rate of return on plan assets 0.5 N/A (13.1) The following table shows how a given change in certain actuarial assumptions would impact the accumulated OPEB obligation and the reported net periodic OPEB cost (including amounts capitalized to our balance sheets). Each factor below reflects an evaluation of the change based on a change in that assumption only. Actuarial Assumption (in millions, except percentages) Percentage-Point Change in Assumption Impact on Postretirement Benefit Obligation Impact on 2025 Postretirement Benefit Cost Discount rate (0.5) $ 25.9 $ 2.1 Discount rate 0.5 (23.3) (2.4) Health care cost trend rate (0.5) (15.4) (3.3) Health care cost trend rate 0.5 17.4 3.1 Rate of return on plan assets (0.5) N/A 4.2 Rate of return on plan assets 0.5 N/A (4.2) The discount rates are selected based on hypothetical bond portfolios consisting of noncallable, high-quality corporate bonds across the full maturity spectrum. From the hypothetical bond portfolios, a single rate is determined that equates the market value of the bonds purchased to the discounted value of the plans' expected future benefit payments. We establish our expected return on assets based on consideration of historical and projected asset class returns, as well as the target allocations of the benefit trust portfolios. The assumed long-term rate of return on pension plan assets was 6.61% in 2025 and 2024, and 6.62% in 2023. The actual rate of return on pension plan assets, net of fees, was 9.23%, 4.75%, and 9.23%, in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In selecting assumed health care cost trend rates, past performance and forecasts of health care costs are considered. For more information on health care cost trend rates and a table showing future payments that we expect to make for our pension and OPEB, see Note 20, Employee Benefits. 2025 Form 10-K 82 WEC Energy Group, Inc. Table of Contents Unbilled Revenues We record utility operating revenues when energy is delivered to our customers. However, the determination of energy sales to individual customers is based upon the reading of their meters, which occurs on a systematic basis throughout the month. At the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of their last meter reading are estimated and corresponding unbilled revenues are calculated. Unbilled revenues are estimated each month based upon actual generation and throughput volumes, recorded sales, estimated customer usage by class, weather factors, estimated line losses, and applicable customer rates. Energy demand for the unbilled period or changes in rate mix due to fluctuations in usage patterns of customer classes could impact the accuracy of the unbilled revenue estimate. Total unbilled utility revenues were $667.5 million and $567.2 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The changes in unbilled revenues are primarily due to changes in the cost of natural gas, weather, and customer rates. Income Tax Expense Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred income tax assets. The assumptions involved are supported by historical data, reasonable projections, and interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations across multiple taxing jurisdictions. Significant changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. See Note 1(q), Income Taxes, and Note 16, Income Taxes, for a discussion of accounting for income taxes. We are required to estimate income taxes for each of our applicable tax jurisdictions as part of the process of preparing consolidated financial statements. This process involves estimating current income tax liabilities together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as depreciation, for income tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our balance sheets. We also assess the likelihood that our deferred income tax assets will be recovered through future taxable income. To the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance, which is offset by an adjustment to income tax expense in our income statements. Uncertainty associated with the application of tax statutes and regulations, the outcomes of tax audits and appeals, changes in income tax law, enacted tax rates or amounts subject to income tax, and changes in the regulatory treatment of any tax reform benefits requires that judgments and estimates be made in the accrual process and in the calculation of effective tax rates. Only income tax benefits that meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold may be recognized or continue to be recognized. Unrecognized tax benefits are re-evaluated quarterly and changes are recorded based on new information, including the issuance of relevant guidance by the courts or tax authorities and developments occurring in the examinations of our tax returns. We expect our 2026 annual effective tax rate to be between 5.5% and 6.5%. Our effective tax rate calculations are revised every quarter based on the best available year-end tax assumptions, adjusted in the following year after returns are filed. Tax accrual estimates are trued-up to the actual amounts claimed on the tax returns and further adjusted after examinations by taxing authorities, as needed. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors Affecting Results, Liquidity, and Capital Resources Market Risks and Other Significant Risks, as well as Note 1(r), Fair Value Measurements, Note 1(s), Derivative Instruments, and Note 19, Guarantees, for information concerning potential market risks to which we are exposed. 2025 Form 10-K 83 WEC Energy Group, Inc. Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA A. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of WEC Energy Group, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of WEC Energy Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 20, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities - Impact of rate regulation on financial statements Refer to Notes 6 and 26 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company s regulated utilities are subject to regulation by various state and federal regulatory bodies (collectively the Commissions ) which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric and gas utility companies in each respective state. Management has determined the Company meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to prepare its financial statements applying the Regulated Operations Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standard Codification. 2025 Form 10-K 84 WEC Energy Group, Inc. Table of Contents Rates are determined and approved in regulatory proceedings based on an analysis of the Company s costs to provide utility service and a return on, and recovery of, the Company s investment in the utility business. Current and future regulatory decisions can have an impact on the recovery of costs, the rate of return earned on investment, and the timing and amount of assets to be recovered through rates. The Commissions regulation of rates is premised on the full recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. Certain items that would otherwise be immediately recognized as revenues and expenses are deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities for future recovery or refund to customers, as authorized by the Company s regulators. While the Company has indicated it expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the Commissions will not approve: (1) full recovery of the costs of providing utility service, (2) full recovery of all amounts invested in the utility business and a reasonable return on that investment or (3) timely recovery of costs incurred. We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about the impacted account balances and disclosures and the subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. Management judgments include assessing the likelihood of (1) recovery in future rates of incurred costs and/or (2) a refund to customers. Auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the impact of rate regulation on certain assets and liabilities included the following procedures, among others: We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over regulatory assets and liabilities, including management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred reported as regulatory assets and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. We also tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates. We inquired of Company management and independently obtained and read: (1) relevant regulatory orders issued by the Commissions for the Company, (2) Company filings with the Commissions, (3) filings made by intervenors and (4) other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the Commissions treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. To assess completeness, we evaluated the information obtained and compared it to management s recorded regulatory asset and liability balances. For regulatory matters in process, we inquired of Company management and inspected the Company s filings with the Commissions, intervenor filings with the Commissions that may impact the Company s future rates, and correspondence between the Company and intervenors for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. We evaluated management s conclusions regarding the probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order. We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Milwaukee, Wisconsin February 20, 2026 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002. 2025 Form 10-K 85 WEC Energy Group, Inc. Table of Contents A. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of WEC Energy Group, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of WEC Energy Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ) as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025, of the Company and our report dated February 20, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Milwaukee, Wisconsin February 20, 2026 2025 Form 10-K 86 WEC Energy Group, Inc. Table of Contents B. CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS Year Ended December 31 (in millions, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 2023 Operating revenues $ 9,800.1 $ 8,599.9 $ 8,893.0 Operating expenses Cost of sales 3,265.8 2,656.0 3,191.2 Other operation and maintenance 2,400.8 2,158.0 2,100.5 Impairments related to Illinois segment 130.0 12.1 178.9 Depreciation and amortization 1,478.5 1,354.5 1,264.2 Property and revenue taxes 280.1 266.5 250.2 Total operating expenses 7,555.2 6,447.1 6,985.0 Operating income 2,244.9 2,152.8 1,908.0 Equity in earnings of transmission affiliates 215.8 207.5 177.5 Other income, net 107.9 178.2 177.7 Interest expense 895.1 815.3 727.4 Gain on debt extinguishments ( 23.1 ) 