=== IP_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the material risks and uncertainties that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Risks Related to Industry Conditions • Fluctuations in the prices of and the demand for our products due to factors such as economic cyclicality and changes in customer or consumer preferences, and government regulations. • Changes in the cost and availability of raw materials, energy and transportation have recently affected, and could continue to affect, our profitability. • Competition and downward pricing pressure in the global packaging industry could negatively impact our financial results. Risks Related to Market and Economic Factors • Maintenance of two exchange listings may adversely affect liquidity in the market for our shares of common stock and result in pricing differentials of shares of common stock between two exchanges. • Developments in general business and economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products, our financial condition and the results of our operations. • Changes in international conditions or other risks arising from conducting business internationally could adversely affect our business and operations. Risks Related to our Operations • We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and other government requirements that may change in significant ways, and the cost of compliance with such requirements, or the failure to comply with such requirements could impact our business and results of operations. • Material disruptions at one of our manufacturing facilities could negatively impact financial results. • We operate in a challenging market for talent and may fail to attract and retain qualified personnel, including key management personnel. • Our failure to maintain good employee or labor relations may affect our respective operations. • We may be unable to realize the expected benefits and costs savings associated with restructuring initiatives, including our 80/20 approach. • We may not achieve the expected benefits from strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, spin-offs, capital investments, capital projects and other corporate transactions that are or will be pursued. • We are subject to cybersecurity and information technology risks related to breaches of security pertaining to sensitive company, customer, employee and vendor information as well as breaches in the technology used to manage operations and other business processes. • Our continued growth will depend on our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. • Uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage for various risks could have an adverse financial effect on our business. 14 Table of Contents • We may not be able to adequately secure and protect our intellectual property rights, which could harm our competitive advantage. • We may fail to identify or leverage digital transformation initiatives. Risks Related to the Separation • The proposed separation of our EMEA packaging business may not be completed, on the currently contemplated timeline or at all. Risks Related to our Indebtedness • Changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. • The level of our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and impair our ability to operate our business. • We are subject to risks associated with variable rate debt. • Downgrades in the credit ratings of banks issuing certain letters of credit will increase our cost of maintaining certain indebtedness and may result in the acceleration of deferred taxes. Risks Related to Legal Proceedings and Compliance Costs • Results of legal proceedings could have a material effect on our consolidated financial results. • We could be exposed to liability for Brazilian taxes under our agreements with Sylvamo Corporation. • Failure to remediate a material weakness in DS Smith’s internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Risks Related to Climate and Weather and Social and Environmental Impact Reporting • We are subject to risks associated with climate change and other sustainability matters and global, regional and local weather conditions as well as by legal, regulatory, and market responses to climate change. Risks Related to our Pension and Healthcare Costs • Our pension and health care costs are subject to numerous factors which could cause these costs to change. • Our pension plans are currently fully funded on a projected benefit obligation basis; however, the possibility exists that over time we may be required to make cash payments to the plan, reducing the cash available for our business. The Company faces a variety of risks, including risks in the normal course of business and through global, regional, and local events that could have an adverse impact on its reputation, operations, and financial performance. The following are material risk factors of which we are aware, including risk factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statement. If any of the events or circumstances described in any of the following risk factors occurs, our business, results of operations and/or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected, and our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements we make in any public disclosures. Additional factors that could affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition are discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ) and in the Company’s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. RISKS RELATED TO INDUSTRY CONDITIONS Fluctuations in the prices of and the demand for our products due to factors such as economic cyclicality and changes in customer or consumer preferences, and government regulation could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Substantially all of our business has experienced, and is expected to continue to experience, cycles relating to industry capacity, customer demand, and general economic conditions. The length and magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and by product. Product prices and sales volumes have fallen in the past, and there can be no assurance that this will not recur. New or existing producers of paper and sustainable packaging products may add or adjust capacity affecting available supply. Further, changes in customer or consumer preferences may increase or decrease the demand for fiber-based products and non-fiber substitutes. Customer and consumer 15 Table of Contents preferences change based on, among other factors, cost, convenience, health concerns and perceptions and an increased awareness of sustainability considerations. In some areas, customers have increasingly shown interest in environmentally friendly products such as fiber-based packaging. Advances in non-fiber technologies such as plastic packaging or other materials could result in decreased demand for our products. In addition, legal developments, such as new governmental regulations on single-use packaging products could significantly alter the market for our products. Any of the foregoing, including a failure to anticipate and respond to changing trends, customer preferences and technological and regulatory developments, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. A lack of investor confidence in the paper and packaging industry could also have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. Changes in the cost and availability of raw materials, energy and transportation have recently affected, and could continue to affect, our profitability. We rely heavily on the use of certain raw materials (principally virgin wood fiber, recycled fiber, caustic soda, starch and adhesives), energy sources (principally biomass, natural gas, electricity and fuel oil) and third-party transport companies. The market price of virgin wood fiber varies based on availability, demand, quality, and source. The global supply and demand for recycled fiber may be affected by factors such as trade policies between countries, individual governments’ legislation and regulations, and general macroeconomic conditions. In addition, the increase in demand of products manufactured, in whole or in part, from recycled fiber, on a global basis, may cause significant fluctuations in recycled fiber prices. Taking into account ongoing inflationary conditions in domestic and global markets, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, a significant increase in various costs, including recycled fiber, energy, freight, chemical, and other supply chain costs, which has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our operations. Moreover, the availability of labor and the market price for fuel may affect third-party transportation costs. In addition, because our business operates in highly competitive industry segments, we have not always been able to, and may in the future be unable to, recoup past or future increases in the costs of any raw materials, energy sources or transportation sources from customers, which significantly affect profitability. In addition, where we are able to recoup our cost increases, there may be a delay between the onset of the cost increases and the recoupment. Any inability to recover input cost increases could lead to a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. We have significant exposure to energy costs, in particular gas, electricity and other fuel costs. Energy prices have fluctuated dramatically in the past and may continue to increase and/or fluctuate in the future. Transportation costs are also impacted by energy costs since a key component of transportation costs relates to the cost of oil. We have employed and expect to continue to employ, strategies, including hedging a portion of our energy costs, and risk mitigation tools to reduce the volatility of energy costs and ensure a degree of certainty over future energy costs. However, there can be no certainty that those strategies and tools will continue to manage such impact in the future. Volatile and increasing energy prices, including as a consequence of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine as well as heightened geopolitical tensions in regions such as the Middle East, China, and recent events in Venezuela, or a failure to effectively implement such strategies and tools could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. Competition and downward pricing pressure in the global packaging industry could negatively impact our financial results. We operate in a competitive international environment. Our products compete with other forest products and packaging companies in the markets where we operate. Product innovations, manufacturing and operating efficiencies, additional manufacturing capacity, distribution and commercial strategies pursued or achieved by competitors, and the entry of new competitors, could negatively impact our financial results. In addition, our products compete with companies that produce substitutes for wood- fiber products, such as plastics and various types of metal. Customer shifts away from wood-fiber products toward such substitute products may adversely affect our business and financial results. Further, we depend on critical suppliers and key customers. An inability to foster these relationships and to manage any material changes in commercial terms and service levels could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 16 Table of Contents Pricing in the paper and packaging industries can be affected by, among other things, product commoditization, changes in demand, entrance or withdrawal of new competitors or capacity, changes in product supply, and the introduction of new products, technologies and equipment, including the use of artificial intelligence ("AI") and machine learning solutions. We face significant pressure to reduce per unit costs to achieve commercially acceptable returns. In circumstances where we are unable to adjust the relevant cost base sufficiently, pricing pressure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. RISKS RELATED TO MARKET AND ECONOMIC FACTORS Our maintenance of two exchange listings may adversely affect liquidity in the market for our shares of common stock and result in pricing differentials of shares of common stock between the two exchanges. Trading in shares of common stock on the London Stock Exchange ("LSE") and the NYSE takes place in different currencies (pound sterling on the LSE and U.S. dollars on the NYSE) and at different times (resulting from different time zones, different trading hours and different trading days for the LSE and the NYSE). The trading prices of shares of common stock on these two exchanges may at times differ due to these and other factors. Any decrease in the price of shares of common stock on the NYSE could cause a decrease in the trading price of shares of common stock on the LSE and vice versa. The benefits we expect of the dual listing on the NYSE and the LSE, which are increased liquidity, visibility among investors and access to investors who may be able to hold listed shares in the United Kingdom, but not the United States, and vice versa, may not be realized or, if realized, may not be sustained, and the costs and additional regulatory burdens associated with a dual listing may ultimately outweigh the associated benefits. We are affected by developments in general business and economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products, our financial condition and the results of our operations including our ability to pay a cash dividend. General economic conditions may adversely affect industrial non-durable goods production, consumer confidence and spending, and employment levels, all which impact demand for our products, or otherwise adversely affect our business. We may also be adversely affected by catastrophic or other unforeseen events, natural disasters, geopolitical events, military conflicts, terrorism, port and canal blockages and similar disruptions, political, financial or social instability, or civil or social unrest. Future health epidemics or pandemics could also adversely impact portions of our business to varying degrees, including as the result of change in demand for certain products, supply chain and labor disruptions, and higher costs. These effects could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Moreover, negative economic conditions or other adverse developments with respect to our business have resulted in and may in the future result in impairment charges, including impairments related to divested or acquired businesses whose carrying values may not be recoverable, any of which could be material. Volatility or uncertainty in the financial, capital and credit markets, and negative developments associated with interest rates, asset values, currency exchange rates and the availability of credit, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could adversely affect our liquidity, access to capital markets and ability to pay a dividend. Macroeconomic conditions in the U.S., Europe and globally remain challenging and volatile. Recent periods have been characterized not only by persistent inflationary pressures, elevated interest rates, challenging labor market conditions, tariff policies and heightened trade policy uncertainty but also by slowing global economic growth, weakening global trade and investment flows, supply chain realignments, currency volatility, shifting fiscal and monetary policies across major economies and adverse effects and uncertainty associated with current geopolitical conditions. Our operations have been adversely affected and could continue to be adversely affected in the future, by these challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, including as the result of lower demand for certain products, and higher raw material and labor costs. Further, because the markets for packaging products in many industrialized countries are generally mature, there is a significant degree of correlation between economic growth and demand for packaging products. Therefore, any deterioration in macroeconomic conditions in the U.S., Europe and/or globally resulting in a slowdown in economic growth may correlate with a corresponding decline in demand for packaging products in those markets. Moreover, any significant deterioration in current negative macroeconomic conditions, or any recovery therefrom that is significantly slower than anticipated, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, there can be no assurance that 17 Table of Contents dividends will continue to be declared or paid at historical levels, and any reduction or suspension of dividends could negatively impact our stock price. Further, if negative macroeconomic conditions result in significant disruptions to capital and financial markets, the cost of borrowing, our ability to access capital on favorable terms, and our overall liquidity could be adversely affected. Changes in international conditions or other risks arising from conducting business internationally could adversely affect our business and operations. As a global producer of renewable fiber-based packaging products, we operate in many different countries. As a result, we are vulnerable to risks related to our international operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by country, may include economic or political instability, geopolitical events, corruption, anti-American sentiment, expropriation measures, social and ethnic unrest, natural disasters, military conflicts and terrorism, the regulatory environment (including the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of legal requirements and the enforceability of contractual rights and intellectual property rights), adverse currency fluctuations, foreign exchange control regimes (including restrictions on currency conversion), downturns or changes in economic conditions (including in relation to commodity inflation), adverse tax consequences or rulings, import restrictions, controls or other trade protection measures, economic sanctions, health guidelines and safety protocols, nationalization, changes in social, political or labor conditions, and adverse developments regarding sustainability, environmental regulations and trade policies and agreements, any of which risks could negatively affect our financial results. For example, a portion of our sales could be adversely affected by changes in economic conditions and demographics, including as a result of tariffs. Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including governmental subsidies, tariffs, tax benefits and other measures may give local producers a competitive advantage and adversely impact our operating results and our business prospects in these countries. Likewise, disruption in existing trade agreements or increased trade friction between countries (such as in relation to the trade tensions between the U.S. and China), could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations by restricting the free flow of goods and services across borders. Additionally, the U.S. government in 2025 increased certain rates and broadened the scope of certain tariffs imposed on goods imported into the U.S., such as from China, which may strain international trade relations and increase the risk that foreign governments implement retaliatory tariffs on goods imported from the United States. Specifically, the U.S. federal government implemented tariffs on certain foreign goods and may implement additional tariffs on foreign goods. If lasting, such tariffs and any further legislation or actions taken by the U.S. federal government that restrict trade, such as additional tariffs, trade barriers, and other protectionist or retaliatory measures taken by governments in Europe, Asia, and other countries, could adversely impact our ability to sell products and services in our international markets. Tariffs have increased the cost of certain capital items, including materials and equipment used in our capital investments. These increased costs could adversely impact the profit margin that we earn on our products, which could make our products less competitive and reduce consumer demand. Countries may also adopt other protectionist measures that could limit our ability to offer our products and services. Conversely, these tariffs and retaliatory tariffs may be subject to further changes or negotiations which could lower or remove them in the near or longer term with a return to more normalized trade conditions in some instances. Due to this uncertainty, the ultimate impact of any tariffs and trade tension is unclear and will depend on various factors, including if there are negotiated bilateral agreements to remove or lower tariffs, and the timing, amount, scope and nature of the tariffs that remain implemented. Recent legal and policy developments have further increased uncertainty. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down several of the sweeping tariffs imposed through a series of executive orders, holding that the tariffs exceeded the authority granted under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act. The Court's ruling eliminated key tariffs on imports from numerous major trading partners and created uncertainty regarding the status of various trade agreements and tariff related obligations. The Court did not determine whether importers are owed refunds for tariffs previously paid, although estimates suggest that potential refunds could be substantial, and federal agencies must now determine how to administer the ruling. In response to the Supreme Court’s decision, the government announced new Executive Orders on February 20, 2026, aimed at restructuring U.S. tariff policy and exploring alternative statutory authorities to impose or maintain tariffs. The scope, timing, and implementation of these Executive Orders remains uncertain, and may result in new or modified tariff regimes, additional regulatory requirements, or further trade friction with U.S. trading partners. We may become entitled to refunds of certain tariffs previously paid; however, whether any refund will be available, and the amount and timing of any such refund, remain uncertain and subject to ongoing administrative processes and additional federal guidance. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of both the Supreme Court’s ruling and the new Executive Orders on our supply 18 Table of Contents chain, input costs, pricing, capital investments, and overall operating results, and the ultimate impact, if any, on our business is not yet known. We may continue to be adversely affected by ongoing geopolitical instability and the economic consequences and disruptions arising therefrom, including as the result of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, and increasing tensions between China and Taiwan. These risks may be further heightened in the event of the expansion in the scope or escalation of any such conflicts. In addition, changes to economic sanctions programs, could put us at risk of violating sanctions because of an existing presence in a newly sanctioned jurisdiction or relationship with a newly sanctioned entity if we fail or are unable to end such presence or relationship in a timely manner. In addition, our international operations are subject to laws related to operations in foreign jurisdictions, including laws prohibiting bribery of government officials and other corrupt practices. Anti-bribery laws such as the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to public officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Further, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and other non-U.S. government entities maintain economic sanctions targeting various countries, persons and entities. We are also subject to the laws and regulations of governmental and regulatory agencies. Failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences for us including the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions, reputational damage and the prosecution of executives overseeing international operations. We are exposed to the translation of the results of overseas subsidiaries into their respective reporting currencies, as well as the impact of currency fluctuations on their commercial transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Adverse movements in foreign exchange rates relating to foreign currency denominated commodities, assets and liabilities, and transactions could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and other government requirements that may change in significant ways, and the cost of compliance with such requirements, or the failure to comply with such requirements, could impact our business and results of operations. As a publicly listed company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), and the listing requirements of the NYSE. By virtue of our secondary listing on the LSE, we are also subject to the listing requirements of the LSE, the Market Abuse Regulation and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual and other reports with respect to our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Any failure to maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered implementing required new or improved controls could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of our common stock. Our operations are subject to regulation under a wide variety of domestic and international laws, regulations and other government requirements, including, among others, those relating to the environment, health and safety, labor and employment, data privacy, tax, trade, competition and corruption and health care. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and government requirements will not be changed, applied or interpreted in ways that will require us to modify our respective operations and objectives or affect our respective returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products or increasing costs. In addition, any failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or other government requirements could have an adverse effect on our reputation and financial results or may result in, among other things, litigation, revocation of required licenses, internal investigations, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. We are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws governing the protection of the environment that continue to evolve as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies and as pending or future litigation is resolved. The changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance, sustainability matters and public disclosures in various jurisdictions create uncertainty for public 19 Table of Contents companies, increase legal and compliance costs and make activities more time consuming. We have incurred, and, following completion of our planned separation of the EMEA packaging business, expect to continue to incur and invest resources, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable and forthcoming environmental laws and regulations, including with respect to GHG emissions and other climate-related matters. These investments may lead to higher operating expenses as the cost of compliance increases. Our environmental expenditures include, among other areas, those related to air and water quality, waste disposal and the cleanup of soil and groundwater, including situations where we have been identified as a potentially responsible party. Following the separation of our EMEA packaging business, we will evaluate our exposure to international climate regulations. There can be no assurance that future remediation requirements and compliance with existing and new laws an

=== IP_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (Part I, Item 1A) for the period ended December 31, 2025. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Plan or Program Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in billions) January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 19,246 $39.23 — $2.96 February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 658,933 43.35 — 2.96 March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 3,938 40.82 — 2.96 Total 682,117 (a) 682,117 shares were acquired from employees or members of our Board as a result of share withholdings to pay income taxes under the Company's 2024 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (the "2024 LTICP"), approved and effective as of May 13, 2024. During these periods, no shares were purchased under our share repurchase program, which does not have an expiration date. On October 11, 2022, our Board increased the authorization to repurchase shares up to a total of $3.35 billion shares. As of March 31, 2026, approximately $2.96 billion aggregate shares of our common stock remained authorized for repurchase under this Board authorization. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES Not applicable. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION (a) Not applicable (b) Not applicable. (c) During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, no director or Section 16 officer adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 40 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 31.1* Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2* Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32* Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL, and contained in Exhibit 101). * Filed herewith ** Furnished herewith + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 41 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY (Registrant) May 5, 2026 By /s/ Lance T. Loeffler Lance T. Loeffler Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer May 5, 2026 By /s/ Holly G. Goughnour Holly G. Goughnour Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 42 