=== KEYS_2026-01-26.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act rules 14a-6(i)(i1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Message from our Chief Executive Officer Dear Stockholders, Since our inception over a decade ago, we have established a track record of consistent value creation through technology evolutions, market cycles and challenges such as the COVID-19 pandemic. These results have been enabled by our strong customer centric innovations, a reliable strategy to transform the company from hardware centric products to software centric solutions, and an operating model that enables resilient performance with disciplined investments to differentiate the company. Going forward, we remain confident in our ability to outperform our markets and deliver EPS growth through the business cycle. Our annual stockholder meeting is an opportunity to reflect on where we are today, and to look toward a future defined by innovation. This year s meeting will be held on Thursday, March 19, 2026 at 8:00 a.m., Pacific Time, virtually via the internet at https://meetnow.global/MC5NFNG . Stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 20, 2026, are entitled to vote. You may attend the 2026 Annual Meeting online, vote, and submit questions by visiting the website listed above. A virtual-only meeting increases accessibility and participation, allowing stockholders to join from any location. We are committed to ensuring stockholders can participate as fully as they would in person. Details on accessing the meeting and the business to be conducted are in the accompanying Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement. On behalf of our Board of Directors, thank you for being a Keysight stockholder and for your continued support of Keysight. Sincerely, Satish C. Dhanasekaran President and Chief Executive Officer January 31, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To our shareholders, You are invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting to be held as follows: Date and Time Thursday, March 19, 2026 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time Live Webcast https://meetnow.global/MC5NFNG Access begins at 7:30 a.m. Pacific Time Record Date January 20, 2026 ITEMS OF BUSINESS Elect three directors to a 3-year term; Ratify the Audit and Finance Committee s appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Keysight s independent registered public accounting firm; Approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of Keysight s named executive officers; Approve an Amendment to the Amended and Restated Keysight Technologies, Inc. Certificate of Incorporation to declassify the Board of Directors; Consider, on a non-binding advisory basis, Stockholder Proposal: Shareholder Ability to Call for a Special Shareholder Meeting; Consider such other business as may properly come before the meeting. IMPORTANT MEETING INFORMATION LIVE WEBCAST: The 2026 Annual Meeting will be held entirely online at https://meetnow.global/MC5NFNG . Stockholders of record can attend and vote using the control number from their Notice or Proxy Card (if you received printed materials). If you hold shares through a broker, bank, or other nominee (called holding in street name ), use the control number from your voting instruction form or register in advance. See the Frequently Asked Questions section of this Proxy Statement for more details. Please note that Microsoft Internet Explorer is not supported, so you will need to use another browser. The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials ( Notice ) for the Keysight Technologies, Inc. ( Keysight , we or our ) 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ), proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting (the Proxy Statement ), and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025 (the Annual Report ) are available free of charge at www.envisionreports.com/KEYS . Record Date: Stockholders of record as of close of business on January 20, 2026 (the Record Date ) will be entitled to vote and participate in the 2026 Annual Meeting. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 19, 2026 On or about February 6, 2026, we will commence mailing to the majority of our stockholders the Notice directing stockholders to a website where you can access the Proxy Statement, Annual Report, and view instructions on how to vote your shares by internet or telephone. Our Proxy Statement follows. Financial and other information concerning Keysight is contained in the Annual Report. TABLE OF CONTENTS By Order of the Board of Directors, Jeffrey K. Li Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Santa Rosa, California January 31, 2026 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE VOTE. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY This summary provides an overview of selected information in this year s proxy statement (the Proxy Statement ) for our 2026 Annual Meeting of stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ). In this Proxy Statement, the terms Keysight , Keysight Technologies , the Company , we , and our refer to Keysight Technologies, Inc. and information presented in this Proxy Statement is based on Keysight s fiscal year starting on November 1 and ending on October 31 of each year ( Fiscal Year or FY ), unless specifically stated otherwise. We encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. Additionally, unless expressly stated otherwise, references to the Board of Directors or the Board throughout this Proxy Summary section exclude Mr. Paul A. Lacouture who informed the Company that he will not stand for re-election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date Time: Thursday, March 19, 2026 at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time Location: https://meetnow.global/MC5NFNG Record Date: January 20, 2026 VOTING MATTERS Stockholders will be asked to vote on the following matters at the 2026 Annual Meeting: Board s Voting Recommendation PROPOSAL 1. Elect three directors to a 3-year term Vote FOR each director nominee PROPOSAL 2. Ratify the Audit and Finance Committee s appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as Keysight s independent registered public accounting firm Vote FOR PROPOSAL 3. Approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of Keysight s named executive officers ( NEOs ) Vote FOR PROPOSAL 4. Approve an Amendment to Keysight s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to declassify the Board of Directors Vote FOR PROPOSAL 5. Consider, on a non-binding advisory basis, the following Shareholder Proposal: Shareholder Ability to Call for a Special Shareholder Meeting Vote AGAINST 2026 Proxy Statement i TABLE OF CONTENTS WHO WE ARE Keysight is a global innovator in the computing, communications and electronics markets, committed to advancing our customers business success by helping them solve critical challenges in the development and commercialization of their products and services. Our mission, accelerating innovation to connect and secure the world, speaks to the value we provide our customers in a world of ever-increasing technological complexity. We deliver this value through a broad range of design and test solutions that address the critical challenges our customers face in bringing their innovations to market on ever-shorter schedules. We are driven to deliver breakthrough solutions and trusted insight in electronic design, test, manufacture, and optimization to help customers accelerate the innovations that connect and secure the world. Our values guide how we work with each other and how we interact with our customers, our suppliers, our partners, our stockholders, and our communities. GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS BOARD COMPOSITION The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee ( Nominating Committee ) of the Board of Directors of Keysight Technologies, Inc. ( Board ) regularly evaluates the Board s composition to ensure it includes the right mix of skills, experience, and qualifications to support the current and future business and strategy. Each member of our Board brings expertise in areas such as technology, global business, leadership, and financial literacy. The table below summarizes the number of directors who possess each key skill, with additional detail provided in each director nominee s biography. ii 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD PROFILE AS OF JANUARY 31, 2026 Technology 10 Directors Institutional Knowledge 7 Directors Global Business 10 Directors Sales and Marketing 7 Directors Leadership 10 Directors Enterprise Human Capital Management 4 Directors Strategic Transactions 9 Directors Information Security 6 Directors Financial Literacy 10 Directors Environmental Matters 2 Directors BOARD REFRESHMENT Thoughtful consideration is continuously given to the composition of our Board in order to maintain an appropriate mix of experience and qualifications, introduce fresh perspectives, and broaden and differentiate the views and experience represented on the Board. As of January 31, 2026, the average tenure of our Board was 7 years and 7 months. 2026 Proxy Statement iii TABLE OF CONTENTS OUR DIRECTORS (AS OF JANUARY 31, 2026) Name Age Director Since Committee Memberships James G. Cullen 83 October 2014 Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance Satish C. Dhanasekaran 53 May 2022 Charles J. Dockendorff 71 October 2014 Audit and Finance Nominating and Corporate Governance Richard P. Hamada 68 October 2014 Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance Michelle J. Holthaus 52 May 2021 Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance Keith F. Jensen 67 November 2025 Audit and Finance Nominating and Corporate Governance Ronald S. Nersesian Board Chairman 66 December 2013 Executive Jean M. Nye Lead Independent Director 73 October 2014 Compensation and Human Capital Executive Nominating and Corporate Governance Joanne B. Olsen 67 May 2019 Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance Kevin A. Stephens 64 March 2022 Audit and Finance Nominating and Corporate Governance Chair iv 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS GOVERNANCE PRACTICES We believe that implementing sound corporate governance policies enables strong Board leadership, prudent management practices, and transparency. Highlights of our Fiscal Year 2025 governance practices include, among others: Board Composition Every director has senior leadership experience Average Board tenure of 7 years and 7 months (as of January 31, 2026) Board Independence Nine of ten continuing directors and director nominees are independent Separate CEO and Board Chair Lead Independent Director with clearly defined role Independent standing Board committees Regular meetings of our independent directors without management present Annual evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) by independent directors Board Processes Procedures for stockholders to communicate directly with the Board Annual advisory vote on executive compensation Annual board and committee self-assessment process Stockholder outreach program Corporate Governance Policies Stock ownership guidelines for executive officers and directors Risk oversight by the Board and its committees Policies prohibiting hedging, short selling and pledging of our common stock for all employees and directors Periodic review of committee charters and Corporate Governance Guidelines Compensation and Human Capital Committee oversight of human capital management matters Board oversight of corporate responsibility programs, environmental risks and opportunities STOCKHOLDER COMMUNICATION Stockholder communication is essential to our ongoing review of our corporate environmental, social, governance and executive compensation programs and practices. This year, we reached out to stockholders representing nearly 53% of our outstanding shares and invited them to meet with our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, our Chief People Officer and our Director of Investor Relations. 2026 Proxy Statement v TABLE OF CONTENTS FISCAL YEAR 2025 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Keysight Technologies is accelerating innovation across a dynamic global landscape. As technology continues to evolve at an unprecedented pace, demand for our differentiated solutions has grown across a broad spectrum of industries. We are capitalizing on this momentum by aligning with key technology investments and delivering high-impact solutions that drive measurable value for our customers and fuel sustainable long-term growth. Our software-centric strategy remains a cornerstone of our stockholder value creation. Customers are increasingly engaging with Keysight earlier in the design cycle, leveraging our advanced software capabilities to solve complex challenges and accelerate time-to-market. Our agility and resilience in navigating industry shifts have been instrumental in delivering consistent value to all our stakeholders, including our customers, employees, and stockholders. We maintained a disciplined focus on our strategic priorities and operational excellence. Key among these was the completion of three major strategic acquisitions to bolster our offerings and position our businesses for near-term growth. Our deep customer relationships and differentiated portfolio continue to position Keysight at the forefront of technology megatrends, enabling broad-based demand and reinforcing our leadership in electronic design and test innovation. Our accomplishments included: FISCAL YEAR 2025 PERFORMANCE RESULTS GROWTH YEAR OVER YEAR GAAP and Non-GAAP Revenue $5,375M +8% YoY Change GAAP Net Income $850M +38% YoY Change Non-GAAP Net Income $1,240M +13% YoY Change GAAP EPS $4.91 per share +40% YoY Change Non-GAAP EPS $7.16 per share +14% YoY Change (1) Reconciliations to comparable GAAP metrics are available at investor.keysight.com under quarterly reports in financial information. LONG TERM TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN ( TSR ) PERFORMANCE (1) Measured using the closing stock price on October 31, 2025, as compared to the closing stock price on October 30, 2020, and October 31, 2022, for the 5-year and 3-year TSR, respectively. vi 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS HIGHLIGHTS COMPENSATION POLICIES AND PRACTICES Our commitment to designing an executive compensation program that is consistent with responsible financial and risk management is reflected in the following policies and practices: What We Do What We Don t Do Independent Compensation Committee Independent Compensation Consultant Mix of Short- and Long-Term Incentives Performance Based Equity Pay for Performance Meaningful Performance Goals Maximum Payout Limits Robust Clawback Policies Annual Risk Assessments Annual Advisory Say-on-Pay Vote Robust Stock Ownership Guidelines No Multi-Year Guarantees No Dividends on Unvested Awards No Hedging or Pledging No Excessive Change in Control Awards No Excessive Perquisites No Excessive Severance Benefits No Golden Parachute Tax Gross Ups No Discretionary Incentives No Repricing or Repurchasing of Underwater Stock Options 2026 Proxy Statement vii TABLE OF CONTENTS INCENTIVE PROGRAM PAY-FOR-PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS As outlined in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement, Keysight s NEOs are rewarded in alignment with our performance-driven compensation philosophy and strong corporate governance standards. Our approach ensures that executive pay is closely tied to company performance and shareholder value creation, reinforcing accountability and long-term strategic execution. Below are a few highlights of our pay for performance programs as they relate to our CEO and NEOs in Fiscal Year 2025. (1) Short-Term Incentive Plan ( STI ). (2) Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTI ). FISCAL YEAR 2025 SHORT TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESULTS Metrics H1 Achievement % of Target H2 Achievement % of Target Non-GAAP EPS 104.0 107.9 Keysight Non-GAAP Revenue Growth 101.4 102.8 Non-GAAP CSG Revenue Growth 102.6 103.9 Non-GAAP ESI Revenue Growth 88.2 82.1 Non-GAAP KGSO Revenue Growth 101.2 103.9 KGSO Order Plan 98.2 105.0 Keysight Worldwide Quota ( WWQ ) 98.8 102.7 viii 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE PLAN ( LTP ) RESULTS Fiscal Year 2023 - Fiscal Year 2025 PSU Grants: TSR TSR Relative to S P 500 Total Return Index for FY23-FY25 Pay-for-Performance Results Threshold (25% Payout) Target (100% Payout) Maximum (200% Payout) 40 percentage points below index Equals Index 40 percentage points above index S P 500 Total Return Index 76.0% Keysight TSR 1.45% 74.55 ppts below Index 0.0% Payout Fiscal Year 2023 - Fiscal Year 2025 PSU Grants: Non-GAAP Operating Margin ( Non-GAAP OM ) Non-GAAP OM Goals for FY23-FY25 Actual OM Achievement Year Threshold (50% Payout) Target (100% Payout) Maximum (200% Payout) 5 points below annual Non-GAAP OM plan Achievement of annual Non-GAAP OM plan 5 points above annual Non-GAAP OM plan 2023 24.8% 29.8% 34.8% 30.3% 2024 22.4% 27.4% 32.4% 26.3% 2025 20.9% 25.9% 30.9% 26.0% 100.3% Payout See the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement for more information. 2026 Proxy Statement ix TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY KEY IMPACT GOALS Keysight established targeted measures across environmental sustainability, social impact and ethical governance in Fiscal Year 2025. Goals have been identified to align with short-, mid-, and long-term efforts as noted. Key Impact Goals by End of FY 2025 End Results through FY 2025 Value committed to strengthening communities $250M $319M+ Students and future engineers and technology skill learners engaged through science, technology, engineering and math ( STEM ) education 2M+ 3.5M+ No material negative impacts to the income statement and institutional investments ZERO ZERO Key Impact Goal by End of Fiscal Year 2040 Emissions in Company Operations NET ZERO x 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Director Nomination Criteria: Qualifications and Experience 2 Current Director Terms 4 Director Nominees for Election to New Three-Year Terms That Will Expire in 2029 5 Continuing Directors Not Being Considered for Election at this Annual Meeting 8 Corporate Governance Matters Corporate Governance Highlights 15 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 15 Human Capital Management 18 Information Security 20 Corporate Governance Guidelines 22 Communicating with the Board 22 Stockholder Communication 22 Director Nomination and Appointment Process 23 Board Leadership Structure 24 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 25 Majority Voting for Directors 25 Policies on Business Ethics 26 Director Independence 26 Committees of the Board 28 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 32 Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedures 33 Proposal 2 Ratification of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees Paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 36 Audit and Finance Committee Preapproval Policy 37 Audit and Finance Committee Report 38 Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 39 Stock Ownership of Directors and Officers 39 Compensation of Non-Employee Directors Director Compensation Highlights 41 Summary of Non-Employee Director Program 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 3 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation Executive Compensation 45 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 47 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 70 Summary Compensation Table 71 All Other Compensation 72 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 73 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 75 Stock Vested 78 Pension Benefits 79 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 83 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 85 Pay Ratio Disclosure 91 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 92 Proposal 4 Approve an Amendment to Keysight s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Declassify the Board of Directors Declassification Amendment 96 Board Recommendation 99 Proposal 5 Advisory Vote on Stockholder Proposal: Shareholder Ability to Call for a Special Stockholder Meeting Stockholder Proposal 98 Board Statement in Opposition 99 Frequently Asked Questions 101 Other Information 109 Note About Forward Looking Statements 109 Websites Referenced in this Proxy Statement 109 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NOMINATION CRITERIA: QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE The Nominating Committee plays a critical role in ensuring that Keysight s Board of Directors is equipped to effectively oversee Keysight s strategic direction and uphold the long-term interests of our stockholders. As part of its governance responsibilities, the Nominating Committee conducts a comprehensive evaluation of the skills, experience, and attributes necessary to support Keysight s evolving business priorities. This assessment is informed by a review of both near- and long-term strategic objectives, enabling the Nominating Committee to identify the competencies required for effective Board oversight. The Nominating Committee then compares these needs against the qualifications of current Board members and prospective candidates, guiding targeted recruitment efforts to ensure alignment with Keysight s strategic vision and governance standards. The following table outlines the key qualifications, skills, and attributes deemed most relevant for Board service in fiscal year 2025. A mark indicates a specific area of expertise that the Board relies on to support its oversight responsibilities. The absence of a mark does not imply a lack of qualification. Detailed biographies of each continuing director or director nominee provide further insight into their individual backgrounds and contributions. 2 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Qualifications, Expertise Attributes James Cullen Satish Dhanasekaran Charles Dockendorff Richard Hamada Michelle Holthaus Keith Jensen Ronald Nersesian Jean Nye Joanne Olsen Kevin Stephens Technology Global Business Leadership Strategic Transactions Financial Literacy Institutional Knowledge Sales and Marketing Enterprise Human Capital Management Information Security Environmental Matters 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS CURRENT DIRECTOR TERMS Keysight s Board is currently divided into three classes serving staggered 3-year terms. Directors for each class are elected at the annual meeting held in the year in which the term for their class expires. Keysight s Bylaws, as amended, allow the Board to fix the number of directors by resolution. In November 2025, the Board added Keith F. Jensen as a director, thereby increasing the number of directors from ten to eleven. In light of Paul A. Lacouture s retirement from the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting, the Board has approved a decrease in the size of the Board from eleven to ten members with effect as of the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting. The composition of the Board as of January 31, 2026 and the term expiration dates for each director are as follows: Class Directors Term Expires I Ronald S. Nersesian, Charles J. Dockendorff and Keith F. Jensen 2027 II James G. Cullen, Michelle J. Holthaus, Jean M. Nye and Joanne B. Olsen 2028 III Satish C. Dhanasekaran, Richard P. Hamada, Paul A. Lacouture* and Kevin A. Stephens 2026 Directors elected at the 2026 annual meeting will hold office for a three-year term, expiring at the annual meeting in 2029 (or until their respective successes are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal). Each nominee is a current director of Keysight, and information regarding each of the nominees is provided below as of December 31, 2025. Please refer to Proposal 4 to understand how approval of the proposal to declassify the Board would impact the subsequent elections of directors. * In November 2025, Paul A. Lacouture informed the Board that he would not stand for re-election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. As such, Proposal 1 relates to the election of three Class III directors. 4 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR NOMINEES FOR ELECTION TO NEW THREE-YEAR TERMS THAT WILL EXPIRE IN 2029 Satish C. Dhanasekaran Age 53 Committees: Public Directorships Director since May 2022 None Zebra Technologies Corporation Former Public Directorships Held (Past 5 Years) None Background President and Chief Executive Officer of Keysight since May 2022 Other Keysight experience (2014-2022): Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) from October 2020 to April 2022 Senior Vice President and President of the Communications Solutions Group from July 2017 to September 2020 Vice President and General Manager, Wireless Devices and Operators Business Unit from May 2016 through June 2017 General Manager of the Mobile Broadband Operation from June 2015 through April 2016 Led the marketing function for the Signal Analysis and Signal Sources Division from November 2014 through May 2015 Master s degree in Electrical Engineering from Florida State University Executive education certification from The Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania Notable Expertise Provided to the Board Broad leadership experience as a manager, General Manager, COO, and CEO offers deep insight into Keysight s operations and business model Skills and Qualifications Technology Global Business Leadership Strategic Transactions Financial Literacy Environmental Matters Institutional Knowledge Sales and Marketing Enterprise Human Capital Management Information Security 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Richard P. Hamada Age 68 Committees: Public Directorships Director since October 2014 Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance Trinity Capital, Inc. Former Public Directorships Held (Past 5 Years) None Background Chief Executive Officer of Avnet, Inc. from July 2011 to July 2016; member of the Board of Directors from February 2011 to July 2016 Other Avnet experience (1983-2011) President from May 2010 to June 2011 Chief Operating Officer from July 2006 through June 2011 President of Technology Solutions Operating Group from July 2003 to June 2006 President of Computer Marketing business unit from January 2002 to June 2003 Served in many other capacities prior to 2022 Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from San Diego State University Notable Expertise Provided to the Board Brings extensive knowledge in sales, marketing and management resulting from broad background in technology and electronics industries Skills and Qualifications Technology Global Business Leadership Strategic Transactions Financial Literacy Institutional Knowledge Sales and Marketing Information Security 6 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Kevin A. Stephens Age 64 Committees: Public Directorships Director since March 2022 Audit and Finance (Chair) Nominating and Corporate Governance Crown Castle Inc. Former Public Directorships Held (Past 5 Years) None Background Executive Vice President and President of the Business Services at Altice USA from December 2015 to January 2019 Suddenlink Communications experience (2006-2015): President of Commercial and Advertising Operations from December 2012 to November 2015 Senior Vice President, Commercial and Advertising Operations from May 2006 to November 2012 Previously served in senior leadership positions at both Fortune 500 and start-up firms, including Cox Communications, Choice One Communications, and Xerox Corporation Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Michigan MBA degree from the University of Southern California Notable Expertise Provided to the Board Brings extensive management experience and market insight in technology and internet services from numerous senior management positions Skills and Qualifications Technology Global Business Leadership Strategic Transactions Financial Literacy Sales and Marketing Information Security 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS CONTINUING DIRECTORS NOT BEING CONSIDERED FOR ELECTION AT THIS ANNUAL MEETING The Keysight directors whose terms are not expiring this year are listed below. They will continue to serve as directors for the remainder of their terms or through such other date determined in accordance with Keysight s Bylaws. Information regarding each of such directors, as of January 31, 2026, is provided below. DIRECTORS WHOSE TERMS WILL EXPIRE IN 2027 Ronald S. Nersesian Age 66 Committees: Public Directorships Director since December 2013; Chair of the Board (since November 2019; Non-Executive Chair of the Board since May 2023) Trimble Inc. Former Public Directorships Held (Past 5 Years) None Background Non-Executive Chair of the Board since May 2023 Other Keysight experience (2013-2023): Executive Chair of the Board from May 2022 to April 2023 Chair of the Board from November 2019 to April 2022 President and Chief Executive Officer from December 2013 to April 2022 Previously served in a variety of senior executive and senior management roles at Agilent Technologies, Inc. ( Agilent ), LeCroy and HP Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Lehigh University MBA from New York University, Stern School of Business Notable Expertise Provided to the Board Brings strong business operational experience with technology companies Brings management expertise developed over three decades Skills and Qualifications Technology Global Business Leadership Strategic Transactions Financial Literacy Environmental Matters Institutional Knowledge Sales and Marketing Enterprise Human Capital Management Information Security 8 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Charles J. Dockendorff Age 71 Committees: Public Directorships Director since October 2014 Audit and Finance Nominating and Corporate Governance Haemonetics Corporation Hologic, Inc Former Public Directorships Held (Past 5 Years) Boston Scientific Corporation Background Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc from 2006 to March 2015 Other Covidien (formerly known as Tyco Healthcare experience (1994-2006) Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1995 to 2006, prior to its spinoff as Covidien Vice President and Controller of The Kendall Company/Tyco Healthcare from 1994 to 1995 Previously served as Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Epsco, Inc. and Infrared Industries, Inc. Bachelor s degree in Business Administration and Accounting from the University of Massachusetts Master of Science degree in Finance from Bentley College Notable Expertise Provided to the Board Brings extensive knowledge in accounting, tax, treasury, financial planning, and audit Skills and Qualifications Technology Global Business Leadership Strategic Transactions Financial Literacy Institutional Knowledge Information Security 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Keith F. Jensen Age 67 Committees: Public Directorships Director since November 2025 Audit and Finance Nominating and Corporate Governance None Former Public Directorships Held (Past 5 Years) None Background Strategic Advisor to Fortinet, Inc. ( Fortinet ) since August 2025 Other Fortinet experience (2014-2025): Chief Financial Officer from 2018 to 2025 Interim Chief Financial Officer from February 2018 to May 2018 Chief Accounting Officer from 2014 to 2018 Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer of DataDirect Networks from 2012 to 2014 Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Sybase (acquired by SAP America in 2010) from 2006 to 2012 Chief Financial Officer of Dorado Network Systems from October 1999 to January 2006 Bachelor of Science degree from California State University, Sacramento Notable Expertise Provided to the Board Brings significant public company financial controllership experience Brings management expertise developed over three decades Skills and Qualifications Technology Global Business Leadership Strategic Transactions Financial Literacy Information Security 10 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS WHOSE TERMS WILL EXPIRE IN 2028 James G. Cullen Age 83 Committees: Public Directorships Director since October 2014 Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance Avinger, Inc Former Public Directorships Held (Past 5 Years) None Background President and Chief Operating Officer of Bell Atlantic Corporation (now known as Verizon) from 1997 to June 2000 Other Bell Atlantic experience (1993-2000): Member of the office of Chair from 1993 to June 2000 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Telecom Group from 1995 to 1997 Previously served in management positions with New Jersey Bell and AT T Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Rutgers University Master of Science degree in Management Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Notable Expertise Provided to the Board Brings extensive leadership and operational experience from senior roles at Bell Atlantic and its predecessors Brings significant public company director experience and perspective on public management and governance Brings strong understanding of Keysight s business having served on the board of Agilent for over 10 years, including more than five years as its non-executive Chair Skills and Qualifications Technology Global Business Leadership Strategic Transactions Financial Literacy Institutional Knowledge Sales and Marketing Enterprise Human Capital Management 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Michelle J. Holthaus Age 52 Committees: Public Directorships Director since May 2021 Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance None Former Public Directorships Held (Past 5 Years) None Background Chief Executive Officer of Intel Products from December 2024 to September 2025 and currently serves in a non-executive role Other Intel experience (1996-2025): Interim co-Chief Executive Officer of Intel Corporation and Chief Executive Officer of Intel Products from December 2024 to March 2025 Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Client Computing Group from January 2022 to December 2024 Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer and General Manager, Sales, Marketing and Communications Group from September 2019 to January 2022 Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing and Acting Chief Marketing Officer from September 2017 to September 2019 Division Vice President and General Manager of sales and marketing from February 2016 to August 2017 Previously served in a variety of other roles at Intel in products and marketing Bachelor of Arts degree in Finance and Financial Management Services from Linfield College Notable Expertise Provided to the Board Brings strong combination of sales and marketing experience, deep customer insight and financial acumen Skills and Qualifications Technology Global Business Leadership Financial Literacy Sales and Marketing 12 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Jean M. Nye Age 73 Committees: Public Directorships Director since October 2014 Compensation and Human Capital, Executive Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) None Former Public Directorships Held ( Past 5 Years) None Background Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Agilent from August 1999 to October 2014 Director of Education for Hewlett Packard from 1997 to 1999 Previously served in various positions in Manufacturing, Quality and Strategic Planning as well as Human Resources at Hewlett Packard from 1980 to 1997 Bachelor of Arts degree from Princeton University MBA degree from Harvard University Notable Expertise Provided to the Board Brings expertise in Senior Executive succession planning Brings in-depth knowledge of Keysight and its businesses policies and practices Skills and Qualifications Technology Global Business Leadership Strategic Transactions Financial Literacy Institutional Knowledge Enterprise Human Capital Management 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Joanne B. Olsen Age 67 Committees: Public Directorships Director since May 2019 Compensation and Human Capital (Chair) Nominating and Corporate Governance Ciena Corporation Teradata Corporation Former Public Directorships Held (Past 5 Years) None Background Executive Vice President of Oracle Global Cloud Services and Support from 2016 to 2017 Senior Vice President and leader of Oracle s applications sales, alliances and consulting organizations in North America from 2010 to 2016 Previously served in a variety of executive management positions across sales, global financing and hardware over her 30-year career at IBM Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics and Economics from East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania Notable Expertise Provided to the Board Brings strong combination of sales, support and product experience from numerous senior management positions Brings considerable public company director experience Skills and Qualifications Technology Global Business Leadership Strategic Transactions Financial Literacy Institutional Knowledge Sales and Marketing 14 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS The Board is committed to sound and effective governance practices that promote long-term value and strengthen Board and management accountability to our stockholders. The following table highlights many of our key Fiscal Year 2025 governance practices. Board Composition Every director has senior leadership experience Average Board tenure of 7 years and 7 months (as of January 31, 2026) Board Independence As of the filing of this Proxy Statement, nine of eleven directors are independent Separate CEO and Board Chair Lead Independent Director with clearly defined role Independent standing Board committees Regular meetings of our independent directors without management present Annual evaluation of the CEO by independent directors Board Processes Procedures for stockholders to communicate directly with the Board Annual advisory vote on executive compensation Annual board and committee self-assessment process Stockholder outreach program Corporate Governance Policies Stock ownership guidelines for executive officers and directors Risk oversight by the Board and its committees Policies prohibiting hedging, short selling and pledging of our common stock for all employees and directors Periodic review of committee charters and Corporate Governance Guidelines Compensation and Human Capital Committee oversight of human capital management matters Board oversight of corporate responsibility programs, environmental risks and opportunities CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY At Keysight, Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) isn t just a program, it s how we do business. We are committed to building a better planet by accelerating innovation that connects and secures the world, while operating with integrity, sustainability, and purpose. Our strategy centers on three pillars: Environmental and corporate resilience Stakeholder engagement aligned with our values Structured governance and accountability systems 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS We measure progress through our annual CSR report and other disclosures, ensuring transparency and continuous improvement. ETHICAL GOVERNANCE Integrity is at the heart of everything we do. Our Ethics Management System ensures compliance, transparency and ethical decision-making across the company. Ethical conduct is foundational to our leadership approach, and we expect every employee to consistently uphold Keysight s high standards of integrity and responsibility. We regularly update our Standards of Business Conduct ( SBC ) to reflect evolving global expectations and business needs and our core value of uncompromising integrity. ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP At Keysight, we recognize that environmental stewardship is a vital solution to one of the defining environmental challenges of our time. Keysight is committed to achieving net-zero greenhouse gas emissions for scopes 1 and 2 by FY2040, in addition to the following near-term science-based targets approved by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in 2023: 42% reduction in scope 1 and 2 emissions by FY2030 (from a FY2021 baseline) 73% of customers, by emissions covering use of sold products, will have science-based targets by FY2028 We continuously track and report emissions across 70+ sites and all 11 relevant categories of scope 3 emissions. Initiatives include: Keysight signed a virtual power purchase agreement (VPPA) to acquire renewable energy certificates produced by a 39 MW portion of a new solar facility. Keysight s portion of the project, which is expected to achieve commercial operation in the first quarter of Keysight s FY2027, is estimated to generate renewable electricity equivalent to 100% of the company s electricity consumption in the United States and Canada. Keysight purchased Environmental Attribute Credits (EACs) to cover electricity consumption for sites in Spain and B blingen, Germany, through partnerships with local utility providers. Keysight prioritized energy efficiency through energy reduction projects and initiatives. Since the publication of our 2023 Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report, we have further integrated environment-related risks and opportunities into our business strategy and execution. Keysight s environmental governance is driven by a dedicated Director of Sustainability and supported by structured, enterprise-wide processes that are designed for compliance with global environmental regulations. We proactively assess and manage environment-related risks and opportunities across our operations, integrating sustainability into strategic decision-making. Our customer-centric quality policy, together with our robust Business Management System, enables us to meet evolving business and regulatory requirements worldwide. RESPONSIBLE SOURCING We expect our suppliers to uphold high standards in environmental and social responsibility. Our sourcing program is built principally on global frameworks such as the Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct, the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, ISO 14001:2015 and Keysight s own Supplier Code of Conduct. We regularly engage with our suppliers to advance our sustainability objectives and proactively mitigate supply chain risks, reinforcing our commitment to responsible and resilient operations. OUR CUSTOMERS Keysight expects customers to uphold environmental and social responsibility principles aligned with our own and to use our products responsibly. Our Human Rights and Labor Policy includes a section on the Responsible Use of Our Products, stating that we do not tolerate misuse that could contribute to human rights violations. 16 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS To support this commitment, we have implemented enhanced customer screening processes to identify potential human rights risks before onboarding. Each quarter, we screen approximately 600 customers through a steering committee, which includes our Vice President of Global Customer Operations, Senior Vice President of Corporate Services, and the Customer Master Data team. Any unresolved concerns are escalated to a review panel that determines whether a sale may proceed, thus enabling our values to be upheld throughout the customer engagement lifecycle. OUR PEOPLE Keysight is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a high-performing workforce. Guided by the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, we engage in fair employment practices and comply with all nondiscrimination and equal opportunity laws. Our employees are central to advancing our CSR vision. Through leadership alignment and the Keysight Leadership Model (KLM), we provide tools, programs, and support that empower employee success and reinforce our CSR foundational pillars. In line with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, we are committed to treating all employees with dignity and respect and advocating for these principles globally. Our Labor Management System enables a systematic, company-wide approach to promoting human rights and maintaining ongoing labor compliance, ensuring our values are embedded across our operations. COMMUNITIES Keysight s global community engagement reflects our values and commitment to advancing societal well-being. Through focused initiatives in STEM education, environmental sustainability, and health and human services, we directly support our social impact objectives and contribute to long-term community prosperity. OUR SOLUTIONS Keysight contributes to a more sustainable future by empowering technology leaders to deliver breakthroughs that connect and secure the world. We accelerate innovation through advanced optimization solutions in areas such as clean technology, social impact and wellness, and safety and security, all designed to support responsible progress. Our solutions are engineered for reliability, safety, regulatory compliance, and efficient use of environmental resources, helping customers meet their sustainability goals. In addition, Keysight Services extend the lifecycle of our products, offering options that support up to 40 years of active service, reinforcing our commitment to circularity and long-term value creation. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS KEY IMPACT GOALS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2025 Keysight set the following key impact goals across environmental sustainability, social impact and ethical governance for Fiscal Year 2025. Goals were identified to align with short-, mid-, and long-term efforts and progress was made as noted below. Key Impact Goals by End of FY 2025 End Results through FY 2025 Value committed to strengthening communities $250M $319M+ Students, future engineers and technology skill learners engaged through STEM education 2M+ 3.5M+ No material negative impacts to the income statement and institutional investment ZERO ZERO Key Impact Goals by End of FY 2040 Emissions in Company Operations NET ZERO CULTURE, VALUES AND STANDARDS Human Capital At Keysight, we foster an inclusive, and collaborative workplace where employees are empowered through meaningful work, continuous development, and a culture of innovation. We offer competitive compensation, a safe and respectful work environment, and opportunities to grow professionally and personally. We believe our culture, rooted in inclusion, engagement, and innovation, is a strategic advantage that drives our success. As of October 31, 2025, Keysight employed approximately 15,779 people worldwide. Of these, 5,174 were based in the Americas (including 4,963 in the United States), 3,376 in Europe, and 7,229 in the Asia Pacific region. Our core values and culture reflect our commitment to ethical business practices and responsible corporate citizenship. The Keysight SBC guides our interactions with customers, suppliers, competitors, and each other. These standards are publicly available on our website and serve as the foundation of our integrity-driven approach to business. Oversight and Governance The Chief People Officer ( CPO ) is responsible for developing and executing the company s human capital strategy. The CPO is responsible for developing and integrating strategies, goals and metrics associated with the company s broader human capital management strategy. The Chief Executive Officer and CPO regularly update our board of directors and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee on human capital matters. We provide multiple avenues for employee input. Hiring, Retention and Succession Planning At Keysight, our talent acquisition and Human Resources teams partner closely with business leaders to align workforce strategies with our long-term business objectives. This collaboration enables us to attract and retain the talent needed to drive innovation and deliver customer success. Once onboard, employees are supported through a range of development opportunities, including employee network groups, mentoring programs, and leadership education. We conduct annual succession planning across all levels of the organization, including executive leadership, to develop a strong pipeline of future leaders. 18 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS As a global company, we recognize the importance of preserving institutional knowledge, especially as many of our experienced employees become eligible for retirement. Accordingly, we have implemented structured knowledge transfer programs designed to retain critical expertise and maintain business continuity. As of October 31, 2025, the average tenure of our employees is 12.4 years. Our three-year average employee turnover rate was approximately 6.2 percent. Employee Engagement We are committed to maintaining a work environment that supports the needs of all employees. The value we place on culture helps us attract and retain the best talent and drive high performance through innovation and collaboration. In an effort to enable employees to be successful, we provide mentoring programs, all-encompassing benefits, access to employee network groups, and training for every stage of employment. Learning and Development We believe that learning is a lifelong pursuit that creates a mindset of professional growth and continuous improvement. We prioritize on-the-job learning through stretch assignments, development opportunities, and educational resources. Our employees have access to a wide range of programs, workshops, classes, and resources to help them excel in their careers. Compensation and Benefits We compensate employees with competitive wages and benefit programs designed to meet employee needs. Our compensation and benefit programs are designed to recognize our employees contributions to value creation and business results. We seek to achieve competitive and equitable pay across our organization globally. We conduct annual pay equity analyses, adjusting for role, experience, location, and performance to ensure fairness. Listening to Employees We provide multiple avenues for employee input. Our Open-Door Policy provides employees with direct access to any level of management to discuss ideas, get input on career development, and discuss concerns in a constructive manner. Health, Safety and Wellness We strive to maintain a best-in-class work environment and provide a safe and healthy workplace for all employees. We accomplish this through strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding workplace safety. We promote the health and wellness of our employees through our Employee Well Being programs. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION SECURITY CYBER RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY Keysight s enterprise-wide information security program is built on a risk-based approach that enables timely identification, assessment, and management of cybersecurity threats. Our operations are governed by a comprehensive Information Security Management System ( ISMS ), designed to uphold the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and data. Our cyber security policies are grounded in the NIST SP 800-171 framework and apply across the entire organization. The Information Security and Compliance (ISC) organization, reporting directly to Keysight s Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ), oversees the ISMS and leads key functions including policy management, risk and vulnerability management, compliance assurance, identity and access management, incident response, security awareness, and IT disaster recovery. Keysight s cybersecurity risk management program includes: Incident Detection and Response: A structured plan to prepare for, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity incidents. This includes triage, severity assessment, escalation, containment, investigation, remediation, and compliance with legal and reporting obligations. Risk Assessment: Our enterprise-wide risk management and Information Security Review processes identify, monitor, and report cyber and other security risks. We evaluate the likelihood and impact of potential threats and implement mitigation strategies informed by internal audits, external assessments, and industry benchmarks. Training and Awareness: We conduct mandatory annual cybersecurity and data privacy training for all employees, supplemented by regular phishing simulations and targeted follow-up education. Training programs are reviewed annually and updated as needed. Employees are also provided with a streamlined mechanism to report suspicious emails for investigation. Security Tools Optimization: Keysight maintains a robust cybersecurity framework designed to protect our global network and systems. We deploy a comprehensive suite of security tools (including firewalls, intrusion detection and prevention systems, web content filtering, anti-virus and malware detection, system scans, and full disk encryption) to safeguard our digital infrastructure. Our Security Information and Event Management system processes logs and events from across our environment, correlating inputs to detect and alert on suspicious activity in real time. Third Party Risk: Third-party risk management is a critical component of our security strategy. We maintain structured processes to catalogue and assess third-party access to Keysight networks. Our Internal Audit organization conducts regular audits to identify potential control gaps, compliance risks, or operational inefficiencies. To further strengthen our resilience, Keysight maintains information security risk insurance, reviewed annually and updated as needed. We also partner with approved third-party firms to conduct regulatory compliance audits, penetration testing, and independent risk assessments. To date, Keysight has not identified any cybersecurity threats or incidents that have materially impacted our operations, business strategy, financial condition, or results of operations, nor do we consider such risks reasonably likely to have a material effect. ARTIFICIAL INTELLEGENCE ( AI ) Keysight views AI as a strategic driver of innovation and efficiency. By integrating AI into our products, services, and operations, we find ways to enhance customer experience, accelerate development and time to market, and improve productivity by automating repetitive tasks, all of which contribute to the reduction of development costs. We insist on responsible, transparent, and ethical AI use, guided by comprehensive governance and risk controls. In support of this, we have adopted an AI Governance and Controls Framework, which includes policies for ethical AI use and risk mitigation strategies for data privacy, security and compliance. We also communicate AI usage guidelines for both in-house and third-party AI tools and have initiated efforts to secure ISO 42001 certification for AI management systems by the end of FY 2026. 20 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS In December 2025, we introduced a new AI Governance Policy ( AI Policy ) across our businesses. The AI Policy applies to all Keysight workers, contractors, and third parties using or interacting with AI tools and provides for, among other things: An AI Governance Committee to oversee all AI initiatives, maintain an inventory of approved tools, and ensure strategic alignment. Strict data classification, encryption, anonymization, and robust access controls. Bias assessments, prohibits discriminatory outcomes, and promotes transparency and explainability. Secure deployment, version control, continuous monitoring, and clear documentation. Mandatory annual training on responsible AI use, data protection, and incident reporting. Compliance with 0Keysight s legal, regulatory, and security requirements. Alignment with international standards such as ISO/IEC 42001 for AI management systems, ensuring compliance with global best practices. Clear procedures for reporting and managing AI-related incidents and policy exceptions. The new AI Governance Committee will provide a forum for the early identification and escalation of AI-related risks to the Audit and Finance Committee, which retains primary responsibility for information security risk management under its charter. CYBERSECURITY GOVERNANCE AND OVERSIGHT Cybersecurity is a critical component of Keysight s enterprise risk management framework and a strategic focus for both our Board and executive leadership. Oversight of our ISMS, including legal, physical, and technical controls, is led by our CISO, who reports directly to the Chief Information Officer (CIO). The CIO heads Keysight s global IT organization, which operates under an integrated governance structure comprising a Senior Executive Committee, a Cyber Executive Committee, and Cyber Leaders across business functions. The Senior Executive Committee meets quarterly to align IT priorities with strategic business imperatives and oversee capability and security programs. The Cyber Executive Committee meets regularly to assess risks, sponsor mitigation initiatives, and guide compliance responses. Cyber Leaders are functional representatives responsible for executing cybersecurity programs across the enterprise. At the Board level, the Audit and Finance Committee, composed entirely of independent directors with experience in information security matters, provides oversight of Keysight s cybersecurity programs. The CIO meets regularly with the Audit and Finance Committee to report on risk assessments, mitigation strategies, compliance status, and program outcomes, including those relating to the adoption and use of AI in our business. Relevant updates are shared with the full Board to ensure comprehensive governance and accountability. AUDIT AND SCORING Keysight partners with approved third-party organizations to strengthen our cybersecurity posture through independent audits, control validation, penetration testing, and impartial risk assessments. Our information security programs are continuously monitored by leading cybersecurity ratings agencies, including Bitsight and SecurityScorecard, which provide real-time security report cards for companies with an internet presence. We maintain a Bitsight rating in the Advanced category and an A rating from Security Scorecard as of October 31, 2025, reflecting our commitment to proactive risk management and operational resilience. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines to support effective oversight and alignment with our commitment to integrity, accountability, and long-term value creation. The Board and management regularly review our governance framework - including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, SEC rules, and NYSE listing requirements - and have confirmed that Keysight remains in compliance with applicable regulations and listing requirements. Our Nominating Committee continuously evaluates these practices to ensure they serve the best interests of Keysight and its stockholders. Keysight s Corporate Governance Guidelines are publicly available in the Investor Relations section of our website under Governance Policies at investor.keysight.com. COMMUNICATING WITH THE BOARD Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with the Board and Keysight s Chair of the Board by writing to Ronald S. Nersesian, c/o Keysight Technologies, Inc., General Counsel, 1400 Fountaingrove Parkway, Santa Rosa, CA 95403. Our General Counsel will perform a legal review in the normal discharge of his duties to ensure that communications forwarded to the Chair preserve the integrity of the process. Any communication that is relevant to the conduct of our business and is not forwarded will be retained for a reasonable period of time or for as long as legally required and made available to the Chair and any independent director upon request. The independent directors grant the General Counsel discretion to decide which correspondence will be shared with our management and specifically instruct that any personal employee complaints be forwarded to the Human Resources Department. STOCKHOLDER COMMUNICATION Keysight values transparent and ongoing engagement with our stockholders and their input plays a vital role in shaping our corporate governance and executive compensation practices. In Fiscal Year 2025, we proactively reached out to stockholders representing approximately 53% of our outstanding shares to share updates on our ESG initiatives and invited dialogue with our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Chief People Officer and Director of Investor Relations. This year, these discussions focused on our environmental commitments, governance practices, and broader sustainability goals. A key area of interest among stockholders continues to be our progress toward achieving net zero emissions and meeting our Scope 3 science-based targets. We also remain committed to attracting and retaining the best-qualified candidates to our Board, with expanded recruiting and selection criteria calibrated to our business needs. Keysight maintains regular communication with stockholders through multiple channels, including quarterly earnings calls, SEC filings, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for this fiscal year ended October 31, 2025 (the Annual Report ) and Proxy Statement, the Annual Meeting, investor conferences, and digital communications. Feedback from these engagements is regularly shared with our Board and its standing committees, helping to shape our governance practices and enhance our disclosures in alignment with stakeholder expectations. 22 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR NOMINATION AND APPOINTMENT PROCESS The Nominating Committee is responsible for proposing a slate of director nominees for election at each Annual Meeting and recommending candidates to fill any Board vacancies. The Nominating Committee considers candidates recommended by stockholders, provided those recommendations follow the procedures outlined in the Frequently Asked Questions section of our Proxy Statement. Stockholder-nominated candidates who meet these requirements receive the same thoughtful consideration as those identified through internal processes. To support a robust and inclusive search process, Keysight may engage third-party director search firms to identify and facilitate the screening of non-employee director candidates. The Nominating Committee seeks individuals who demonstrate: A reputation for personal and professional integrity and ethics; Sound judgment and analytical rigor; Independence of thought; Commitment to the time and responsibilities required of Board service; and The ability to represent the long-term interests of Keysight and its stakeholders. In identifying the most qualified candidates, the Board prioritizes individuals with CEO, senior executive, or public board experience, while intentionally including candidates with unique qualifications and experience throughout the process. The Committee also evaluates how each nominee s skills complement existing Board expertise in areas such as operations, technology, manufacturing, finance, marketing, information security, human capital management, and ESG. Executive search firms conduct reference checks and prepare candidate biographies for review by the Board Chair and Nominating Committee Chair, with final selections based on alignment with the Board s strategic needs. In the past year, Keith Jensen was appointed to the Board. Mr. Jensen was recommended by the Nominating Committee after an extensive search was conducted by an independent third-party search firm, and numerous candidates were considered. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE The Board currently consists of eleven members, nine of whom are independent including one director who is not standing for re-election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Immediately following the 2026 Annual Meeting, the Board will consist of ten directors, eight of whom are independent. Mr. Nersesian was unanimously elected Chair of the Board in November 2019 and has served as Non-Executive Chair since 2019. Ms. Nye has served as the Board s Lead Independent Director since May 2022. The duties of the Chair of the Board, Lead Independent Director and CEO are set forth in the table below: Chair of the Board Lead Independent Director CEO Presides over meetings of the Board Presides over meetings of stockholders Prepares the agenda for each Board meeting Prepares the agenda for each stockholder meeting Presides over meetings of independent directors at which the Chair is not present In conjunction with the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, evaluates the performance of the CEO and reviews CEO compensation Guides the Board s annual self- assessment process and leads the Board in periodic reviews of senior management succession planning Reviews and coordinates the agenda for Board meetings in consultation with the Chair Acts as liaison between the Chair and the independent directors Manages the day-to-day affairs of Keysight, subject to the overall direction and supervision of the Board and its committees Consults with and advises the Board and its committees on the business and affairs of Keysight Performs such other duties as may be assigned by the Board The Board believes that the current structure, with an experienced and knowledgeable Chair, our CEO and President, and a strong Lead Independent Director provides the appropriate leadership structure for Keysight and its stockholders. 24 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD S ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT Keysight s approach to risk oversight is aligned with our leadership structure and enterprise-wide governance framework. Day-to-day responsibility for identifying, evaluating, and managing risk exposures resides with management, while the Board of Directors maintains ultimate oversight of our risk management strategy focusing on the most significant risks that could impact Keysight s long-term performance and stakeholder value. The Board is supported in this oversight role by its standing committees, each of which is responsible for monitoring specific areas of risk, including financial, operational, cybersecurity, compliance, and ESG-related risks. This collaborative structure ensures that risk governance is both comprehensive and responsive to evolving business dynamics. Board of Directors Regularly reviews Keysight s strategic plans across its operating segments and closely monitors key risks, including those tied to capital structure, growth initiatives, and customer relationships. The Board receives consistent updates on enterprise-level risks and risk oversight from its committees. At least annually, the Board evaluates Keysight s senior management succession plan and oversees the Company s ESG strategy to ensure alignment with long-term value creation. This includes assessing environmental risks and opportunities, monitoring progress on long- and short-term goals, and evaluating their financial impact on the business. Audit and Finance Committee Reviews financial reporting, compliance, and enterprise risk, meeting regularly with auditors and key executives. Monitors legal, regulatory, environmental, and information security risks, and oversees compliance with ethics and internal control policies. Compensation and Human Capital Committee Oversees risks related to compensation policies and practices, using an independent consultant to help design and evaluate programs. Monitors pay equity, sets compensation philosophy and oversees compensation programs Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Evaluates risks related to Keysight s governance structure, reviews related person transactions and oversees compliance with governance policies. Evaluates the skills of current directors and assists the Board in establishing and assessing potential director candidates and their qualifications. MAJORITY VOTING FOR DIRECTORS Keysight s Bylaws provide for majority voting in uncontested elections of directors. In an uncontested election, a nominee must receive a majority of the votes cast to be elected - meaning the number of shares voted FOR the nominee must exceed 50% of the total votes cast with respect to that director. Votes cast include votes against and exclude abstentions and broker non-votes. If a director fails to receive the required vote and no successor is otherwise elected and qualified, our bylaws provide that the director will promptly tender their resignation following certification of the stockholder vote. The Nominating Committee will then evaluate the resignation and recommend to the Board whether to accept it, reject it, or take other appropriate action. The Board will act on the recommendation within 90 days of the vote certification and will promptly disclose its decision and rationale in a press release. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our bylaws provide that any director who so tenders a resignation will not participate in the Nominating Committee s deliberations or the Board s decision regarding their resignation. POLICIES ON BUSINESS ETHICS We have adopted the SBC that requires all of our business activities to be conducted in compliance with laws, regulations and ethical principles and values. All officers and employees are required to read, understand and abide by the requirements of the SBC and must take annual SBC training. We have also adopted a Director Code of Ethics which applies to Keysight s directors. Keysight s governance policies, including our SBC, are publicly accessible on our Investor Relations website at investor.keysight.com under the Governance Policies section. Any waiver of these codes for directors or executive officers may only be granted by the Audit and Finance Committee. In accordance with our commitment to transparency, Keysight will disclose any amendment to or waiver from a provision of the SBC for our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, or individuals performing similar functions, on our website within four business days of the amendment or waiver. Additionally, we will disclose any waivers granted to other executive officers or directors on our website, ensuring that our governance practices remain open, accountable, and aligned with stakeholder expectations. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE A majority of Keysight s Board of Directors is independent, as defined by the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards and Keysight s Corporate Governance Guidelines. For Fiscal Year 2025, the Board affirmatively determined that the following directors met the independence criteria: James G. Cullen, Charles J. Dockendorff, Richard P. Hamada, Michelle J. Holthaus, Paul A. Lacouture, Jean M. Nye, Joanne B. Olsen, and Kevin A. Stephens. Until his retirement from the Board in May 2025, Robert A. Rango also met the independence criteria. Mr. Keith F. Jensen, who was appointed to the Board in November 2025, also meets the independence criteria. The Board applies rigorous standards in assessing independence, consistent with NYSE requirements. For a director to be considered independent, the Board must determine that the director does not have a material relationship with Keysight or its subsidiaries - either directly or indirectly as a partner, shareholder or officer of any organization that has a relationship with Keysight or its subsidiaries. The Board evaluates independence by considering all relevant facts and circumstances, including relationships from the perspective of both the director and any persons or organizations with which the director has an affiliation. No material relationships were identified with respect to the directors named above, and there are no family relationships among Keysight s executive officers and directors. The Board assesses the independence of directors on an annual basis and based on the recommendation of the Nominating Committee, makes a determination as to which members are independent. AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE MEMBER INDEPENDENCE We have adopted standards for Audit and Finance Committee member independence in compliance with the SEC and NYSE corporate governance listing standards. When affirmatively determining the independence of any director who may serve on the Audit and Finance Committee, the Board must consider all factors specifically relevant to determining whether such director has a relationship to Keysight or any of its subsidiaries which is material to such director s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of an Audit and Finance Committee member. Such factors include, but are not limited to: The source of compensation of such director, including any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee paid by Keysight to such director; Whether such director is affiliated with Keysight, a subsidiary of Keysight or an affiliate of a subsidiary of Keysight; and Whether such director serves on more than three reporting company audit committees. 26 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Charles Dockendorff currently serves on the audit committee of four public companies, including Keysight. The Board has considered whether such simultaneous service would impair his ability to effectively serve as a member (and former Chair) of Keysight s Audit and Finance Committee. In its analysis, the Board considered the Committee s demanding roles and responsibilities and the time commitment required by such service. The Board also considered the skills and expertise of Mr. Dockendorff, including his prior experience as a Chief Financial Officer of a number of public companies and the various commitments of his time. After careful consideration, the Board concluded that Mr. Dockendorff s other audit committee service does not impair his ability to effectively fulfill his responsibilities to Keysight at this time and, therefore, the Board has specifically approved his continuation as a member of Keysight s Audit and Finance Committee. The Board has also determined that each other member of the Audit and Finance Committee is independent. COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE MEMBER INDEPENDENCE Keysight has adopted standards for Compensation and Human Capital Committee member independence in compliance with the SEC and NYSE corporate governance listing standards. In affirmatively determining the independence of any director who will serve on the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, the Board must consider all factors specifically relevant to determining whether such director has a relationship to Keysight or any of its subsidiaries which is material to such director s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a Compensation and Human Capital Committee member. Such factors include, but are not limited to: The source of compensation of such director, including any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee paid by Keysight to such director; and Whether such director is affiliated with Keysight, a subsidiary of Keysight or an affiliate of a subsidiary of Keysight. The Board has determined that each of the members of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee is independent. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD The Board has four standing committees consistent with applicable rules and standards: the Audit and Finance Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, the Executive Committee and the Nominating Committee. The Board held six meetings during Fiscal Year 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the combined total number of meetings of the Board and all committees of the Board on which each such director served, during the period for which each such director served. Keysight encourages, but does not require, its Board members to attend the annual stockholders meeting. All of Keysight s then-sitting directors virtually attended the 2025 Annual Meeting. The principal responsibilities of each committee, the members of the committees and the number of committee meetings during Fiscal Year 2025 are described in detail below. We have adopted charters for our Audit and Finance Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, Nominating Committee and Executive Committee consistent with applicable rules and standards. Our Committee charters are located under Governance Policies in the Corporate Governance section of our Investor Relations website at investor.keysight.com. 28 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE The Audit and Finance Committee is responsible for the oversight of the quality and integrity of Keysight s consolidated financial statements, its compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications, independence, and performance of its independent registered public accounting firm, the performance of its internal audit function and other significant financial matters. Kevin A. Stephens (Chair) Other Members Charles J. Dockendorff Keith F. Jensen (1) Paul A. Lacouture (2) Robert A. Rango served on the Audit and Finance Committee until May 2025. Number of meetings in FY2025: 11 Responsibilities Have the sole authority to appoint, retain, compensate, oversee, evaluate and replace the independent registered public accounting firm to perform audit and non-audit services; Review and approve the scope of annual internal and external audits; Meet independently with Keysight s internal auditing staff, independent registered public accounting firm and senior management; Review the adequacy and effectiveness of the system of internal control over financial reporting and any significant changes in internal control over financial reporting; Review Keysight s consolidated financial statements and disclosures including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Keysight s periodic reports on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q; Establish and oversee procedures for (a) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by Keysight regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and (b) the confidential anonymous submission by employees of Keysight of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; Review, monitor and assess the adequacy and effectiveness of Keysight s enterprise-wide compliance programs; Review, monitor and assess Keysight s management of major risks, including cybersecurity and technology security risks; Review and monitor the adequacy and effectiveness of information security policies and programs; Monitor compliance with Keysight s SBC; Meet periodically with Keysight s internal auditing staff to review the results of internal risk assessments conducted by key executives responsible for major businesses and functions in the company; Meet periodically with Keysight s General Counsel to receive legal, regulatory, litigation and compliance updates; Review management s use of non-GAAP financial measures in public disclosures and in particular how these measures are used, whether they are consistently prepared and presented and the disclosure controls and procedures relating to such measures; and Review disclosures from Keysight s independent registered public accounting firm required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independence of accountant s communications with the Audit and Finance Committee. In accordance with section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Board identified Charles J. Dockendorff as the Audit and Finance Committee s Financial Expert. (1) Joined in November 2025 (2) Retiring at the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE The Compensation and Human Capital Committee is responsible for determining the compensation of Keysight s CEO and other executive officers as well as Keysight s compensation plans, policies and programs as they affect the CEO and other executive officers, human capital management, and providing input to the full Board on matters related to succession planning. Joanne B. Olsen (Chair) Other Members James G. Cullen Richard P. Hamada Michelle J. Holthaus Jean H. Nye Robert A. Rango served on the Compensation and Human Capital Committee until May 2025. Number of meetings in FY2025: 5 Responsibilities Determines the compensation and the corporate goals and objectives for the performance of the CEO and other executive officers; Reviews and evaluates the performance of the CEO and other executive officers; Supervises and oversees the administration of Keysight s incentive compensation, variable pay and stock programs, including the impact of such programs on Company risk; Establishes comparator peer group and compensation targets based on this peer group for Keysight s NEOs; and Has sole authority to retain and terminate executive compensation consultants. For more information on the responsibilities and activities of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, including the Committee s processes for determining executive compensation, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report, and Executive Compensation in this Proxy Statement. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee is aided by an independent compensation consultant, who is selected and retained by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. The role of the compensation consultant is to advise the Compensation and Human Capital Committee on marketplace trends in executive compensation, management proposals for compensation programs, and executive officer compensation decisions. The compensation consultant also evaluates compensation for non-employee directors and equity compensation programs generally and advises the Compensation and Human Capital Committee about its recommendations to the Board on CEO compensation. To maintain the independence of the firm s advice, the compensation consultant does not provide any services for Keysight other than those described above. Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee selected Meridian Compensation Partners LLC ( Meridian ) as its independent compensation consultant to provide advice and recommendations on Fiscal Year 2025 executive compensation matters. In the process of selecting the independent compensation consultant, our Compensation and Human Capital Committee considered Meridian s independence by taking into account the factors prescribed by the NYSE listing rules. Based on this evaluation, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee determined that no conflict of interest existed with respect to Meridian. 30 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE The Nominating Committee is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to become Board members, consistent with criteria approved by the Board, and recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next annual meeting of stockholders and the individuals to fill vacancies occurring between annual meetings of stockholders. Jean M. Nye (Chair and Lead Independent Director) Other Members* James G. Cullen Charles J. Dockendorff Richard P. Hamada Michelle J. Holthaus Paul A. Lacouture Joanne B. Olsen Kevin A. Stephens Keith Jensen joined the Nominating Committee in November 2025. Number of meetings in FY2025: 3 Responsibilities Responsible for recommending to the Board the appropriate Board size and Committee structure and developing and reviewing corporate governance principles applicable to Keysight; Administers Keysight s Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedures (the Related Person Transactions Policy ). See Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedures in this Proxy Statement for more information; Supports Keysight s stockholder outreach programs and engaging management on stockholder feedback and actions; Assists the Board in identifying and attracting candidates qualified to serve on the Board and annually recommend to the Board the nominees for election as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the Board, and, from time to time, recommend persons to fill vacancies on the Board; 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE The Executive Committee meets or takes written action when the Board is not otherwise meeting. Ronald S. Nersesian (Chair) Other Members Jean M. Nye (Lead Independent Director) Number of meetings in FY2025: 0 Responsibilities Has full authority to act on behalf of the Board, except that it cannot amend Keysight s Bylaws, recommend any action that requires the approval of the stockholders, fill vacancies on the Board or any Board committee, fix director compensation, amend or repeal any non-amendable or non-appealable resolution of the Board, declare a distribution to the stockholders except at rates determined by the Board, appoint other Committees or take any action not permitted under Delaware law to be delegated to a committee. COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION The members of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee during Fiscal Year 2025 were Joanne B. Olsen (Chair), James G. Cullen, Richard P. Hamada, Michelle J. Holthaus and Jean M. Nye. No member of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee was at any time during Fiscal Year 2025 or at any other time an officer or employee of Keysight, and no member of this committee had any relationship with Keysight requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. No executive officer of Keysight has served on the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity that has or has had one or more executive officers who served as a member of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee during Fiscal Year 2025. Each member of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee is considered independent under Keysight s Board and Compensation and Human Capital Committee Independence Standards as set forth in Keysight s Amended and Restated Corporate Governance Guidelines. 32 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS POLICY AND PROCEDURES Keysight s SBC and Director Code of Ethics require that all employees and directors avoid conflicts of interests that interfere with the performance of their duties or the best interests of Keysight. In addition, since 2014, we have adopted and implemented the written Related Person Transactions Policy ( RPT Policy ) that prohibits any of Keysight s executive officers, directors or any of their immediate family members from entering into a transaction with Keysight, except in accordance with the RPT Policy. For purposes of the RPT Policy, a related person transaction includes any transaction (within the meaning of Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K) involving Keysight and any related person that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Under our RPT Policy, the General Counsel must advise the Nominating Committee of any related person transaction of which he becomes aware. The Nominating Committee must then either approve or reject the transaction in accordance with the terms of the policy. In the course of making this determination, the Nominating Committee shall consider all relevant information available to it and, as appropriate, must take into consideration the following: The size of the transaction and the amount payable to the related person; The nature of the interest of the related person in the transaction; Whether the transaction may involve a conflict of interest; and Whether the transaction involved the provision of goods or services to Keysight that are available from unaffiliated third parties and, if so, whether the transaction is on terms and made under circumstances that are at least as favorable to Keysight as would be available in comparable transactions with or involving unaffiliated third parties. Under the RPT Policy, Company management screens for any potential related person transactions, primarily through the annual circulation of a Directors and Officers Questionnaire ( D O Questionnaire ) to each member of the Board and each officer of Keysight that is a reporting person under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The D O Questionnaire contains questions intended to identify related persons and transactions between Keysight and related persons. If a related person transaction is identified, such transaction is brought to the attention of the Nominating Committee for its approval, ratification, revision, or rejection in consideration of all of the relevant facts and circumstances. The Nominating Committee must approve or ratify each related person transaction in accordance with the policy. Absent this approval or ratification, no such transaction may be entered into by Keysight with any related person. In addition, the RPT Policy provides for standing pre-approval of limited transactions with related persons. Pre-approved transactions include: Any transaction with another company at which a related person s only relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer or an equivalent), director or beneficial owner of less than 10% of that company s shares, if the aggregate amount involved does not exceed the greater of (i) $1,000,000, or (ii) 2% of that company s total annual revenues. Any charitable contribution, grant or endowment by Keysight to a charitable organization, foundation or university at which a related person s only relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer or an equivalent), a director or a trustee, if the aggregate amount involved does not exceed the lesser of $500,000, or 2% of the charitable organization s total annual receipts. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS In the ordinary course of business, Keysight purchases services, supplies, and equipment from a broad network of suppliers and sells or leases products and services to a broad customer base. On occasion, these transactions may involve companies where members of our Board of Directors or executive management serve as directors or executive officers. For Fiscal Year 2025, Keysight reviewed all such transactions and confirmed that none exceeded or fell outside the pre-approved thresholds established in our RPT Policy. Since the beginning of Fiscal Year 2025, we did not enter into any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including employment relationships) in which a related person had or will have direct or indirect material interest, in an amount exceeding $120,000, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change of control and other arrangements, which are described under Executive Compensation, except for the following: The son of Mark Wallace, our former Senior Vice President, Chief Customer Officer, is employed by Keysight as an account manager based in Santa Clara, California. Mr. Wallace retired as an executive officer of Keysight on June 2, 2025. In his role as an employee of the Company, Mr. Wallace s son received total compensation of $146,271 for Fiscal Year 2025, calculated in the same manner as in the Summary Compensation Table. The total compensation includes salary, commissions, stock and option awards, and other compensation. 34 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY THE APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit and Finance Committee of the Board has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as Keysight s independent registered public accounting firm to audit its consolidated financial statements for Fiscal Year 2025. During Fiscal Years 2025 and 2024, PwC served as Keysight s independent registered public accounting firm and also provided certain tax and other non-audit services. Although Keysight is not required to seek stockholder approval of this appointment, the Board believes it to be sound corporate governance to do so. If the appointment is not ratified, the Audit and Finance Committee will investigate the reasons for stockholder rejection and will reconsider the appointment. Representatives of PwC are expected to attend the Annual Meeting where they will be available to respond to questions and, if they desire, to make a statement. 2026 Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS FEES PAID TO PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP The following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered to Keysight by PwC for the years ended October 31, 2025 and October 31, 2024. Fee Category FY2025 ($) % of Total (%) FY2024 ($) % of Total (%) Audit Fees 7,728,600 99 7,855,000 98 Audit-Related Fees 11,000 66,000 1 Tax Fees Tax compliance/preparation 60,802 1 90,970 1 Other tax services 0 0 0 Total tax fees 60,802 90,970 All Other Fees 3,125 3,125 0 Total Fees 7,803,527 100 8,015,095 100 AUDIT FEES Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the integrated audit of Keysight s consolidated financial statements and its internal control over financial reporting and review of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports. Fees for Fiscal Years 2025 and 2024 also consist of fees billed for services that are normally provided by PwC in connection with statutory reporting and regulatory filings or engagements, and attest services, except those not required by statute or regulation. AUDIT-RELATED FEES Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of Keysight s consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include accounting consultations in connection with acquisitions and divestitures, debt restructuring, attest services that are not required by statute or regulation, and consultations concerning financial accounting. TAX FEES Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and international tax compliance, tax audits and appeals, customs and duties, mergers and acquisitions and international tax planning. ALL OTHER FEES All other fees consist of fees for all other services other than those reported above. These services include a license for specialized accounting research software. Keysight s intent is to minimize services in this category. In making its recommendation to ratify the appointment of PwC as Keysight s independent registered public accounting firm for the Fiscal Year 2025, the Audit and Finance Committee has considered whether services other than audit and audit-related services provided by PwC are compatible with maintaining the independence of PwC. 36 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE PREAPPROVAL POLICY The Audit and Finance Committee s policy is to preapprove all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Preapproval is generally provided for up to one year and any preapproval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is subject to a specific budget. KEYSIGHT S BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF THE AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE S APPOINTMENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP AS KEYSIGHT S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM. 2026 Proxy Statement 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE REPORT The Audit and Finance Committee Report does not constitute soliciting material and shall not be deemed to be filed or incorporated by reference into any other Company filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Keysight specifically incorporates the Audit and Finance Committee Report by reference therein. The Audit and Finance Committee of the Board reviewed the quality and integrity of Keysight s consolidated financial statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year 2025, its compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications and independence of its independent registered public accounting firm, the performance of its internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm and other significant financial matters. Each of the Audit and Finance Committee members satisfies the definition of independent director and is financially literate as established in the NYSE Listing Standards. In accordance with section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Board has identified Charles J. Dockendorff as the Audit and Finance Committee s Financial Expert . Keysight operates with a November 1 to October 31 fiscal year. The Audit and Finance Committee met eleven times during the Fiscal Year 2025. The Audit and Finance Committee s work is guided by a written charter that the Board has approved. The Audit and Finance Committee regularly reviews its charter to ensure that it is meeting all relevant audit committee policy requirements of the SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the NYSE. You can access the latest Audit and Finance Committee charter by clicking on Governance Policies in the Corporate Governance section of the web page at www.investor.keysight.com or by writing to us at Keysight Technologies, Inc., 1400 Fountaingrove Parkway, Santa Rosa, California 95403, Attention: Investor Relations. The Audit and Finance Committee has reviewed and discussed with management and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) Keysight s independent registered public accounting firm, Keysight s audited consolidated financial statements and Keysight s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit and Finance Committee has discussed with PwC, the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the SEC. The Audit and Finance Committee has received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from PwC required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent accountant s communications with the Audit and Finance Committee concerning independence and has discussed with PwC its independence from Keysight. Based on the review and discussions noted above, the Audit and Finance Committee recommended to the Board that Keysight s audited consolidated financial statements be included in Keysight s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year 2025 and be filed with the SEC. Submitted by: Audit and Finance Committee Kevin A. Stephens, Chair Charles J. Dockendorff Paul A. Lacouture Keith F. Jensen (member since November 2025) 38 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS STOCK OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS STOCK OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS The following table sets forth information, as of January 20, 2026, concerning each person or group known by Keysight, based on filings pursuant to Section 13(d) or (g) under the Exchange Act, to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. As of January 20, 2026, there were 171,517,760 shares of common stock outstanding. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature Percent of Class The Vanguard Group Inc. 100 Vanguard Blvd Malvern, PA 19355 20,643,995 (1) 12% T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. 100 E. Pratt Street Baltimore, MD 21202 16,114,827 (3) 9.4% BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 15,668,381 (2) 9.1% (1) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024 by The Vanguard Group. The Schedule 13G/A indicates that the Vanguard Group has shared voting power with respect to 224,055 shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 19,895,128 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 748,827 shares. (2) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2025 by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. The Schedule 13G/A indicates that T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. has sole voting power with respect to 15,744,979 shares and sole dispositive power with respect to 16,113,452 shares. (3) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 5, 2025, by BlackRock, Inc. The Schedule 13G/A indicates that BlackRock, Inc. has sole voting power with respect to 13,718,537 shares and sole dispositive power with respect to 15,668,381 shares. STOCK OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS The following table sets forth, as of January 20, 2026, the beneficial ownership of Keysight s common stock by each director and each of the NEOs included in the Summary Compensation Table and the beneficial ownership of Keysight s common stock by all directors and executive officers as a group. The number of shares beneficially owned by each entity, person, director or executive officer is determined under the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has the sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares that the individual has the right to acquire as of March 21, 2026 (60 days after January 20, 2026) through the exercise of any vested stock options or the vesting of applicable stock unit awards. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power, or shares such powers with his or her spouse, with respect to the shares set forth in the following table. As of January 20, 2026, there were 171,517,760 shares of common stock outstanding. 2026 Proxy Statement 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Name of Beneficial Owners Number of Shares of Common Stock Number of Shares Subject to Stock Awards (1) Deferred Stock (2) Total Shares Beneficially Owned % of Class James G. Cullen 10,902 10,522 21,424 * Satish C. Dhanasekaran 28,229 17,863 46,092 * Charles J. Dockendorff 9,128 45,215 54,343 * Neil P. Dougherty 45,489 48,019 93,508 * Ingrid A. Estrada 75,108 14,200 89,308 Soon Chai Gooi (3) 214,518 214,518 Richard P. Hamada 42,160 42,160 * Michelle J. Holthaus 7,613 7,613 Keith F. Jensen 407 407 * Paul A. Lacouture 12,810 12,810 * Kailash Narayanan 21,544 373 21,917 Ronald S. Nersesian 105,651 86,119 191,770 * Jean M. Nye 37,882 37,882 * Joanne B. Olsen 1,589 10,633 12,222 * John Page 12,418 12,418 * Robert Rango (4) 23,319 23,319 Kevin A. Stephens 9,550 9,550 All directors and executive officers as a group (20 persons) 407,110 285,463 692,573 0.4% * Less than one percent. (1) Includes any shares as to which the individual has the sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares that the individual has the right to acquire as of March 21, 2026 (60 days after January 20, 2026) through the exercise of any vested stock options or the vesting of applicable stock unit awards. (2) Represents the number of deferred shares or share equivalents held by Fidelity Management Trust Company under the Keysight Technologies, Inc. 2014 Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ) or similar arrangement to which voting or investment power exists. (3) Mr. Gooi stepped down from his position as Senior Vice President, Order Fulfillment and Digital Operations in May 2025 and retired from the Company on October 31, 2025. Beneficial ownership information for Mr. Gooi is based on information available to us as of October 31, 2025. (4) Mr. Rango retired from the Board on May 15, 2025. DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires Keysight s directors, executive officers and holders of more than 10% of Keysight common stock to file reports with the SEC regarding their ownership and changes in ownership of Keysight stock. Keysight believes that during the 2025 fiscal year, its executive officers, directors and holders of 10% or more of our common stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. In making these statements, Keysight has relied upon examination of copies of Forms 3, 4 and 5 provided to Keysight and the written representations of its directors and officers. 40 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS Fees for committee service to differentiate individual pay based on workload. Emphasis on equity in the overall compensation mix. Full-value equity grants under a fixed-value annual grant policy with immediate vesting. A robust stock ownership guideline set at five times the annual cash retainer to support stockholder alignment. Deferral options to facilitate stock ownership. An annual limit on total director compensation. SUMMARY OF NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION PROGRAM Keysight s director compensation program is designed to attract and retain highly qualified non-employee directors and to compensate for the time, effort, expertise, and accountability required of active board membership. Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee believes that annual compensation for non-employee directors should consist of both cash to compensate members for their services on the Board of Directors and its committees, and equity to align the interest of directors and stockholders. The non-employee director s compensation plan year begins on March 1 st and ends on the last day of February of the following calendar year (the Plan Year ). Decisions regarding our non-employee director compensation program are approved by the full Board based on recommendations by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. In making such recommendations, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee takes into consideration the performance of the company, director compensation practices of peer companies and whether such recommendations align with the interests of our stockholders. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee reviews the total compensation and each element of our non-employee director compensation program annually. At the direction of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s independent consultant annually analyzes the competitive position of Keysight s non-employee director compensation program against the peer group used for executive compensation purposes (see Keysight s Peer Group below for more information about the peer group). In September 2025, Meridian reviewed the competitive position of the compensation for Keysight s non-employee directors relative to its peers, company performance, and the program adjustments made in the prior year. Meridian found that the compensation of our non-employee directors was generally aligned to our peer group and the performance of the company and recommended no increase to non-employee director compensation for the Plan year beginning on March 1, 2026. 2026 Proxy Statement 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS The compensation to our non-employee directors for Fiscal Year 2025 is set forth below: Cash Retainer (1) Committee Chair Retainer (1) Equity Grant (2) Lead Independent Director Premium (3) Committee Chair Premium (4) Audit and Finance Committee Member Premium (5) Non-Employee Director $100,000 $255,000 $250,000 in value $50,000 $15,000 - $30,000 $15,000 (1) Each non-employee director or Committee Chair may elect to defer all or part of their cash compensation to the Keysight Technologies, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors ). Any deferred cash compensation is converted into shares of Keysight common stock. In the event that a director does not serve for the entire year, the cash retainer will be pro-rated. (2) The stock will be granted on the later of (i) March 1 or (ii) the first trading day after each Annual Meeting. The number of shares underlying the stock grant is determined by dividing $250,000 by the average fair market value of Keysight s common stock over 20 consecutive trading days up to and including the day prior to the grant date. The stock is fully vested upon grant. Each non-employee director may elect to defer all or part of the equity grant to the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. (3) The Lead Independent Director receives an additional $50,000 in cash, paid at the beginning of each Plan Year. (4) Non-employee directors (including the Lead Independent Director) who served as the Chair of a Board committee received a committee Chair premium in cash, paid at the beginning of each Plan Year. The Audit and Finance Committee Chair received $30,000, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee Chair received $20,000, and the Nominating Committee Chair received $15,000. (5) Non-employee directors who serve as members of the Audit and Finance Committee (including the Chair) receive an additional $15,000 in cash, paid at the beginning of each Plan Year. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION EARNED DURING FISCAL YEAR 2025 The table below sets forth information regarding the regular compensation earned by each of our non-employee directors during Fiscal Year 2025: Name Fees Paid or Earned in Cash ($) Stock Awards (1) ($) Total ($) James G. Cullen 110,000 245,596 355,596 Charles J. Dockendorff 145,000 245,596 390,596 Richard P. Hamada 110,000 245,596 355,596 Michelle J. Holthaus 110,000 245,596 355,596 Keith F. Jensen (2) Paul A. Lacouture 115,000 245,596 360,596 Ronald S. Nersesian 255,000 245,596 500,596 Jean M. Nye 175,000 245,596 420,596 Joanne B. Olsen (3) 130,000 245,596 375,596 Robert A. Rango (4) 52,500 245,596 298,096 Kevin A. Stephens 115,000 245,596 360,596 (1) Reflects the grant date fair value for stock awards granted in the Fiscal Year 2025 calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. For information on the valuation assumptions used in our computations, see Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report. (2) Keith F. Jensen was appointed to the Board after the completion of Fiscal Year 2025 and did not receive any compensation for Fiscal Year 2025. (3) Joanne B. Olsen deferred her FY25 stock award into the Deferred Compensation Plan for non-employee directors. (4) Robert A. Rango deferred his FY25 stock award into the Deferred Compensation Plan for non-employee directors. He retired from the Board on May 15, 2025. 42 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR REIMBURSEMENT PRACTICE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2025 Non-employee directors are reimbursed for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses in connection with attendance at Board and committee meetings. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION LIMIT Our stockholders previously approved a limit on the total value of cash and equity compensation that may be paid or granted to a non-employee director during each Fiscal Year. Currently, the maximum amount of total compensation payable to a non-employee director for services in a Fiscal Year may not exceed $750,000, calculated as the sum of (a) the grant date fair value (determined in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718) of all awards payable in shares and the maximum amount payable pursuant to cash-based awards that may be granted under the 2014 Equity Plan, plus (b) cash compensation in the form of Board and committee retainers and meeting or similar fees. Compensation counts towards this limit for the Fiscal Year in which it is granted or earned by a non-employee director, and not later when distributed, in the event it is deferred. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES Keysight adopted guidelines to require each non-employee director to own Keysight shares having a value of at least five times the director s annual board cash retainer (currently $100,000), based on the recommendation of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s independent compensation consultant. The shares counted toward the ownership guidelines include shares owned outright and shares of Keysight stock in the non-employee director s deferred compensation account. These ownership levels must be attained within five years from the date of their initial election or appointment to the Board. As of October 31, 2025, each of our non-employee directors has achieved at least the recommended ownership level within the allotted five-year time frame. 2026 Proxy Statement 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act, the stockholders of Keysight are entitled to cast an advisory vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting to approve the compensation of Keysight s NEOs, as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the Summary Compensation Table and subsequent tables. The stockholder vote is an annual advisory vote and is not binding on Keysight or its Board. Although the vote is non-binding, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee and the Board value our stockholders opinions and consider the outcome of the vote in establishing Keysight s compensation philosophy and future compensation decisions. The next advisory vote will occur at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. KEYSIGHT S BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF KEYSIGHT S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 44 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION We continued to advance our software-centric solution strategy. As the rapid pace of technology accelerates, our customers across end markets are seeking deeper engagements earlier in the design cycle and are adopting our software solutions. Our ability to be resilient and nimble in this environment has been critical to long-term value creation for our stockholders, customers, and employees. Despite the challenges we faced, we maintained a sharp focus on our strategy, operational execution