=== KEYS_2025-12-17.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks, Uncertainties and Other Factors That May Affect Future Results Risks Related to Our Business Volatility and uncertainty in general economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our business is sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the U.S. Global and regional economic volatility and uncertainty, inflation and potential recession has and may continue to impact our business, resulting in: • increased cost to manufacture products or deliver solutions; • reduced customer purchasing power; • reduced demand for our solutions and services and reduced, delayed or canceled orders; • increased risk of excess and obsolete inventory; • increased risk of supply chain shortages; • increased price pressure on our solutions and services; and • greater risk of impairment to the value, and a detriment to the liquidity, of our future investment portfolio. In addition, global and regional macroeconomic developments, such as uncertainty related to future economic activity, increased tariff rates and reciprocal tariffs, volatility in financial and capital markets, reduced access to credit, changing interest rates, decreased liquidity, uncertain or destabilizing national elections and reactions to national election results, political violence and unrest in the U.S., the U.K., Europe, and Asia, and negative changes or volatility in general economic conditions in those regions could negatively affect our ability to conduct business in those territories. Financial difficulties experienced by our suppliers and customers due to economic volatility could result in product delays, reduced purchasing power, delays in payment or inability to pay us, and inventory issues. Economic risks related to accounts receivable could result in delays in collection and greater bad debt expense. Economic, political, and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. Because we operate our businesses and sell our solutions worldwide, our businesses are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. However, there can be no assurances that our international sales will continue at existing levels or grow in accordance with our effort to increase foreign market penetration. In addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers and manufacturing facilities are located outside the U.S. Accordingly, our future results could be negatively impacted by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: • inability to conduct business in certain countries or regions or with certain customers due to U.S. sanctions or trade restrictions; • inability to sell certain products, technologies, or services to countries, regions, facilities, or customers due to sanctions or trade restrictions; • uncertainty regarding the U.S. government’s announced tariffs, potential changes to existing tariffs and whether additional tariffs may be imposed, modified or suspended; • changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions, including but not limited to changes that favor national interests such as the imposition of or increase in tariffs and reciprocal tariffs, and economic volatility; • negative consequences from changes in tax laws; • difficulty in protecting and enforcing intellectual property rights; • injunctions or exclusion orders related to intellectual property disputes; 15 Table of Contents • interruptions to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers; • supply chain disruptions; • changes in foreign currency exchange rates; • difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations; • local competition; • differing labor regulations; • unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; • conflicting regulatory requirements within the jurisdictions in which we operate; • inadequate local infrastructure; • potential incidences of corruption and fraudulent business practices; and • volatile geopolitical turmoil, including popular uprisings, regional conflicts, terrorism, and war. We centralize most of our accounting processes at two locations: India and Malaysia. If conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers. Our results of operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results. Further, even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage similar risks. Economic and political policies favoring national interests could adversely affect our results of operations. Nationalistic economic policies and political trends such as sanctions or trade restrictions, including those on advanced computing and semiconductor manufacturing and design software, withdrawal from or re-negotiation of global trade agreements, increased tariffs and reciprocal tariffs, tax and local content policies that favor domestic industries and interests, changes to immigration laws or enforcement and other similar actions may result in conflicting local or regional requirements, increased transaction costs, reduced ability to hire employees, reduced access to components, supplies and materials, reduced demand or access to customers, and inability to conduct our operations as they have been conducted historically. Each of these factors may adversely affect our business. There have been recent and ongoing changes to U.S. tariff policy, resulting in broad-based increases in tariff rates. Commencing in the second quarter of fiscal 2025, new U.S. tariffs applying to imports from all countries were announced, including significantly higher rates on imports from China. In response, several countries, including China, have imposed or threatened to impose retaliatory measures on imports from the U.S. The U.S. government has announced various modifications and delays to its tariff policy and further changes may be made in the future. There has also been continuing litigation in the federal courts regarding the validity of the imposition of certain tariffs. Many of our suppliers, vendors, customers, partners, and other entities with whom we do business have strong ties to doing business in China and other countries impacted by the increased tariffs. Their ability to supply materials to us, buy products or services from us, or otherwise work with us is affected by their ability to do business in impacted countries. Continued uncertainty around trade policy could substantially change our cost of operating in such jurisdictions. Moreover, these tariffs and any other trade restrictions imposed on our customers or suppliers could adversely affect our financial results and position through reduced demand for our products and solutions, cancelled orders, supply chain disruptions, increased transaction costs, and increased expenses. If the U.S.’ relationship with countries subject to increased tariffs results in additional trade disputes, trade protection measures, retaliatory actions and increased barriers, policies that favor domestic industries, or increased import or export licensing requirements or restrictions, then our deployment of resources in jurisdictions affected by such measures could be misaligned and our operations may be adversely affected. Volatile geopolitical turmoil, including popular uprisings, regional conflicts, terrorism and war could result in market instability, which could negatively impact our business results. We are a global company with international operations, and we sell our products and solutions in countries throughout the world. Regional conflicts, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine, which resulted in economic sanctions and the decision to discontinue our operations in Russia, conflict in the Middle East, and the risk of increased tensions between China and Taiwan, could limit or prohibit our ability to transfer certain technologies, to sell our products and solutions, and could result in additional closure of facilities in sanctioned countries. In addition, international conflict could further result in global or 16 Table of Contents regional market instability; increased energy costs, which could increase the cost of manufacturing, selling and delivering products and solutions; and increased risk of cybersecurity attacks, which could adversely impact our financial results. Our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our solutions decline or do not grow as anticipated. Visibility into our markets is limited. Our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of technology-related spending and orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast and may be cancelled by our customers. In addition, our revenues and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality or cyclicality of our markets. However, due to factors such as inflation, the potential for recession, trade barriers or restrictions, increased geopolitical tensions, including regional conflict and war, the markets we serve may experience increased volatility and may not experience the seasonality or cyclicality that we expect. Our customers’ markets may also be affected by changes in the legal regulatory regime. If our customers’ markets decline, orders may decline, may be delayed or cancelled, and we may not be able to collect outstanding amounts due to us. Such declines could harm our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and could limit our profitability. In such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. Since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, R&D and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough, these pricing pressures could further reduce our operating margins. A decreased demand for our customers’ products or trade barriers or restrictions could adversely affect our results of operations. Our business depends on our customers’ ability to manufacture, design, and sell their products in the marketplace. International trade disputes affecting our customers could adversely affect our business. There have been recent and ongoing changes to U.S. tariff policy, resulting in broad-based increases in tariff rates. Commencing in the second quarter of fiscal 2025, new U.S. tariffs applying to imports from all countries were announced, including significantly higher rates on imports from China. In response, several countries, including China, have imposed or threatened to impose retaliatory measures on imports from the U.S. The U.S. government has announced various modifications and delays to its tariff policy and further changes may be made in the future. There has also been continuing litigation in the federal courts regarding the validity of the imposition of certain tariffs. Many of our suppliers, vendors, customers, partners, and other entities with whom we do business have strong ties to doing business in China and other countries impacted by the increased tariffs. Increased tariffs on sales to or imports from impacted countries, including China, will increase the cost of our customers’ components and raw materials, which could make our customers’ products and services more expensive and could reduce demand for our customers’ products. A decrease in demand or significant change in operations from our customers due to international trade disputes could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. If the U.S.’ relationship with countries subject to increased tariffs results in additional trade disputes, trade protection measures, retaliatory actions and increased barriers, policies that favor domestic industries, or increased import or export licensing requirements or restrictions, we could suffer additional unforeseen adverse effects on our operating results and financial condition. Our customers and suppliers have at times become subject to U.S. export restrictions and sanctions, such as being added to the U.S. Department of Commerce’s “Lists of Parties of Concern” and having U.S. export privileges denied or suspended. When a customer or supplier of ours becomes subject to such sanctions, we suspend our business with such customer or supplier. Because of the continued tense political and economic relationship between the U.S. and China and between the U.S. and Russia, new restrictions or sanctions have been imposed with little notice, which could leave us without an adequate alternative solution to compensate for our inability to continue to do business with such customer or supplier. Some of our suppliers and customers in the supply chain are working on unique solutions and products in the market, and it may be difficult if not impossible to replace them, especially with short notice. We cannot predict what impact future sanctions could have on our customers or suppliers, and therefore, our business. Any export restrictions or sanctions and any tariffs or other trade restriction imposed on our customers or suppliers could adversely affect our financial condition and business. Failure to introduce successful new solutions and services in a timely manner to address increased competition, rapid technological changes, and changing industry standards could result in our solutions and services becoming obsolete. We generally sell our solutions in industries that are characterized by increased competition through frequent new solution and service introductions, rapid technological changes and innovations and changing industry standards. In addition, many of the markets in which we operate are seasonal and cyclical. Without the timely introduction of new solutions, services and enhancements, our solutions and services will become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and 17 Table of Contents operating results would suffer. Our ability to offer new solutions and services and to deploy them in a timely manner depend on several factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to: • properly identify and assess customer needs; • innovate and develop new technologies, applications and solutions; • successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner; • manufacture and deliver our solutions in sufficient volumes and on time; • differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings; • price our solutions competitively; • anticipate our competitors' development of new solutions, services or technological innovations; and • control product quality in our manufacturing process. Our future operating results may fluctuate significantly if our investments in innovative technologies are not as profitable as we anticipate. On a regular basis, we review the existing technologies available in the market and identify strategic new technologies to develop and invest in. We devote significant resources to develop new technologies in communications, aerospace and defense, automotive and the Internet of Things. We invest in R&D, grow and deepen relationships with customers and suppliers, and direct our corporate and operational resources to develop innovative technologies. Our financial results could be harmed if we fail to expand our customer base, if demand for our solutions is lower than we expect, or if our revenue related to our innovative technologies is lower than we anticipate. We provide solutions for the design, development, and manufacturing stages of our customers’ workflow. Our customers who currently use our solutions in one stage of their workflow may not use our solutions in other aspects of their manufacturing process. Failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to estimate our customers ’ demand could adversely affect our income. Our income could be harmed if we are unable to adjust our purchases to address market fluctuations, including those caused by volatile global economic conditions including the impact of tariffs and reciprocal tariffs, geopolitical conflict, or the seasonal or cyclical nature of the markets in which we operate. The sale of our solutions and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers whose industries are subject to seasonal or cyclical trends in the demand for their products. For example, the consumer electronics market is particularly volatile, making demand difficult to anticipate. Making such estimations in an economic climate affected by trade barriers, inflation or potential recession, fluctuations in global currency, geopolitical tension and war is particularly difficult as increased volatility may impact seasonal trends making it more difficult to anticipate demand fluctuations. Supply chain fluctuations could impact our ability to purchase parts and components. Some parts require custom design and may not be readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Should a supplier cease manufacturing such a component, we would be forced to re-engineer our solution. In addition to discontinuing parts, suppliers may also extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. In order to secure components for the production of products, we may continue to enter into non-cancellable purchase commitments with vendors, or at times make advance payments to suppliers, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to declining market demands. Prior commitments of this type have resulted in an excess of parts when demand for electronic products has decreased. If demand for our solutions is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges. Dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourcing other portions of our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring solutions to market and damage our reputation. Dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively. As part of our efforts to streamline operations and to cut costs, we outsource aspects of our manufacturing processes and other functions and continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. If our contract manufacturers or other outsourcers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring solutions to market and our reputation could suffer. For example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from fulfilling our customers’ orders on a timely basis. The ability of these manufacturers to perform is largely outside of our control. Additionally, changing or replacing our contract manufacturers or other outsourced vendors could cause disruptions or delays. We outsource significant portions of our information technology (“IT”) and other administrative functions. Since IT is critical to our operations, any failure of our IT providers to perform could impair our ability to operate effectively. Problems with manufacturing or IT outsourcing could result in lower revenues and unrealized 18 Table of Contents efficiencies and could impact our results of operations and stock price. Much of our outsourcing takes place in developing countries and, as a result, may be subject to heightened geopolitical uncertainty. Our operating results may suffer if our manufacturing capacity does not match the demand for our solutions. Because we cannot immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to rapidly changing market conditions, when demand is lower than our expectations, our manufacturing capacity will likely exceed our production requirements. During an economic downturn, if we had excess manufacturing capacity, our fixed costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity would adversely affect our income, margins and operating results. By contrast, if, during a general market upturn or an upturn in our business, we cannot increase our manufacturing capacity to meet product demand, we will not be able to fulfill all orders in a timely manner, which could lead to order cancellations, contract breaches or indemnification obligations. This inability could materially and adversely limit our ability to improve our income, margins and operating results. Key customers or large orders may expose us to additional business and legal risks that could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition . As a global company, we have key customers all over the world, although no one customer makes up more than 10 percent of our revenue. Sales to those customers could be reduced or eliminated as a result of failure to respond to customer needs, reduced customer demand, increased sales to our competitors, inability to manufacture or ship products and solutions, supply chain constraints, government requirements, trade restrictions, sanctions and embargoes. We have experienced forced reductions in sales and been prevented from selling large orders to certain key customers due to trade restrictions, which we have been able to mitigate with the addition of new customers and new business. If we have future reductions in sales or lose key customers, there is no guarantee that we will be able to mitigate the impact of such reductions or losses, which could negatively impact our income, operating results and financial condition. Certain key customers have substantial purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contractual arrangements with us. These customers may demand contract terms that differ considerably from our standard terms and conditions. Large orders may also include severe contractual liabilities if we fail to provide the quantity and quality of product at the required delivery times or fail to meet other obligations. While we attempt to contractually limit our potential liability, we may agree to some or all of these provisions to secure these orders and grow our business. Such actions expose us to significant additional risks, which could result in a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. Industry consolidation and consolidation among our customer base may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results. There is potential for industry consolidation in our markets. As companies attempt to expand, strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry, companies could be acquired or may be unable to continue operations. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. Industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors and could lead to more variability in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, particularly in the communications market, rapid consolidation would lead to fewer customers, with the effect that loss of a major customer could have a material impact on results not anticipated in a customer marketplace composed of more numerous participants. Additionally, if there is consolidation among our customer base, our customers may be able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could adversely affect our profitability. If, as a result of increased leverage, customer pressures require us to reduce our pricing such that our gross margins are diminished, we could decide not to sell our solutions under such less favorable terms, which would decrease our revenue. Consolidation among our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our solutions, replacement of our products by the combined entity with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each of which could harm our operating results. Our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, internal reorganizations and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected. In the normal course of business, we may engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures. Additionally, we occasionally make changes to our internal structure to align business products, services and solutions with market demands and to obtain cost synergies and operational efficiencies. As a result of such transactions, our financial results may differ from our own or the investment community’s expectations in a given fiscal quarter, or over the long-term. If market conditions or other factors lead us to change our strategic direction, we may not realize the expected value from such transactions or reorganizations. Further, such third-party transactions often have post-closing arrangements, including, but not limited to, post-closing adjustments, transition services, escrows or indemnifications, the financial results of which can be difficult to predict. Acquisitions and strategic alliances may require us to integrate a different company culture, management team, employees and business infrastructure into our existing operations without impacting the business operations of the newly acquired company. We may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and 19 Table of Contents marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a way that enhances performance and expands the markets of the newly acquired company. The acquired company may not enhance the performance of our businesses or product lines such that we do not realize the value from expected synergies. Depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, the successful integration of the entity depends on a variety of factors, including but not limited to: • the achievement of anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from combining the acquired company; • the scalability of production, manufacturing and marketing of products of a newly acquired company to broader adjacent markets; • the ability to cohesively integrate operations, product definitions, price lists, contract terms and conditions, delivery, and technical support for products and solutions of a newly acquired company into our existing operations; • the compatibility of our infrastructure, operations, policies and organizations with those of the acquired company; • the retention of key employees and/or customers; • the management of facilities and employees in different geographic areas; and • the management of relationships with our strategic partners, suppliers, and customer base. If we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such transactions, our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be negatively impacted. Additionally, we may record significant goodwill and other assets as a result of acquisitions or investments, and we may be required to incur impairment charges, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations. Any inability to complete acquisitions on acceptable terms could negatively impact our growth rate and financial performance. Our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies and business performance. Identifying appropriate acquisition targets and closing acquisitions can be difficult for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, limited due diligence, high valuations, difficulty obtaining business and intellectual property evaluations, other interested parties, negotiations of the definitive documentation, satisfaction of closing conditions, the need to obtain antitrust or other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms, and availability of funding. The inability to close appropriate acquisitions on acceptable terms could adversely impact our growth rate, revenue, and financial performance. We may need additional financing in the future to meet our capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, and may be dilutive to existing shareholders. We may need to seek additional financing for our general corporate purposes. For example, we may need to increase our investment in R&D activities or need funds to make acquisitions. We may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our expansion, successfully develop or enhance solutions or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect our business. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, our shareholders will experience dilution of their ownership interest. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to further limitations on our operations and ability to pay dividends due to restrictive covenants. We have outstanding debt and may incur other debt in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We currently have outstanding debt as well as availability to borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility. We may borrow additional amounts in the future and use the proceeds from any future borrowing for general corporat

=== KEYS_2026-06-04.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks, Uncertainties and Other Factors That May Affect Future Results Risks Related to Our Business Economic, political, and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. Because we operate our businesses and sell our solutions worldwide, our businesses are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. However, there can be no assurances that our international sales will continue at existing levels or grow in accordance with our effort to increase foreign market penetration. In addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, and manufacturing facilities are located outside the U.S. Accordingly, our future results could be negatively impacted by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: • inability to conduct business in certain countries or regions or with certain customers due to U.S. sanctions or trade restrictions; • inability to sell certain products, technologies, or services to countries, regions, facilities, or customers due to sanctions or trade restrictions; • uncertainty regarding the U.S. government’s announced tariffs, potential changes to existing tariffs and whether additional tariffs may be imposed, modified or suspended; • changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions, including but not limited to changes that favor national interests such as the imposition of or increase in tariffs and reciprocal tariffs, and economic volatility; • negative consequences from changes in tax laws; • difficulty in protecting and enforcing intellectual property rights; • injunctions or exclusion orders related to intellectual property disputes; • interruptions to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers; 41 Table of Contents • supply chain disruptions; • changes in foreign currency exchange rates; • difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations; • local competition; • differing labor regulations; • unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; • conflicting regulatory requirements within the jurisdictions in which we operate; • inadequate local infrastructure; • potential incidences of corruption and fraudulent business practices; and • volatile geopolitical turmoil, including popular uprisings, regional conflicts, terrorism, and war. We centralize most of our accounting processes at two locations: India and Malaysia. If conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers. Our results of operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results. Further, even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage similar risks. Volatility and uncertainty in general economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our business is sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the U.S. Global and regional economic volatility and uncertainty, inflation, and potential recession has and may continue to impact our business, resulting in: • increased cost to manufacture products or deliver solutions; • reduced customer purchasing power; • reduced demand for our solutions and services and reduced, delayed, or canceled orders; • increased risk of excess and obsolete inventory; • increased risk of supply chain shortages; • increased price pressure on our solutions and services; and • greater risk of impairment to the value, and a detriment to the liquidity, of our future investment portfolio. In addition, global and regional macroeconomic developments, such as uncertainty related to future economic activity, increased tariff rates and reciprocal tariffs, volatility in financial and capital markets, reduced access to credit, changing interest rates, decreased liquidity, uncertain or destabilizing national elections and reactions to national election results, political violence and unrest in the U.S., the U.K., Europe, the Middle East and Asia, and negative changes or volatility in general economic conditions in those regions could negatively affect our ability to conduct business in those territories. Financial difficulties experienced by our suppliers and customers due to economic volatility could result in product delays, reduced purchasing power, delays in payment or inability to pay us, and inventory issues. Economic risks related to accounts receivable could result in delays in collection and greater bad debt expense. Economic and political policies favoring national interests could adversely affect our results of operations. Nationalistic economic policies and political trends such as sanctions or trade restrictions, including those on advanced computing and semiconductor manufacturing and design software, withdrawal from or re-negotiation of global trade agreements, increased tariffs and reciprocal tariffs, tax and local content policies that favor domestic industries and interests, changes to immigration laws or enforcement and other similar actions may result in conflicting local or regional requirements, increased transaction costs, reduced ability to hire employees, reduced access to components, supplies and materials, reduced demand or access to customers, and inability to conduct our operations as they have been conducted historically. Each of these factors may adversely affect our business. 42 Table of Contents There have been recent and ongoing changes to U.S. tariff policy, resulting in broad-based increases in tariff rates. Commencing in the second quarter of fiscal 2025, new U.S. tariffs applying to imports from all countries were announced, including significantly higher rates on imports from China. In response, several countries, including China, have imposed or threatened to impose retaliatory measures on imports from the U.S. The U.S. government has announced various modifications and delays to its tariff policy and further changes may be made in the future. In February 2026, the Supreme Court of the United States (“U.S. Supreme Court”) determined that tariffs imposed pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (“IEEPA”) were not authorized by law. Subsequent rulings by the U.S. Court of International Trade have directed U.S. Customs and Border Protection to implement processes for the refund of certain tariffs previously collected. In light of these developments, we have submitted, or intend to submit, claims seeking refunds of tariffs previously paid. However, uncertainty remains regarding the ultimate outcome of these claims, including: • the administrative procedures and timing for processing claims, • the availability of government funding or appropriations to support refund payments (including accrued interest), and • the impacts of any further litigation, appeals or regulatory action. As a result, we cannot predict the period in which any such amounts may be recovered. In addition, any anticipated refunds may be delayed, reduced, or denied. To the extent we are unable to recover tariffs previously paid, or experience delays or uncertainty in recovery, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. Many of our suppliers, vendors, customers, partners, and other entities with whom we do business have strong ties to doing business in China and other countries impacted by the increased tariffs. Their ability to supply materials to us, buy products or services from us, or otherwise work with us is affected by their ability to do business in impacted countries. Continued uncertainty around trade policy cou