=== KEYS_2025-12-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. PART I Item 1. Business Overview Keysight Technologies, Inc. ( we, us, our, Keysight or the company ), incorporated in Delaware on December 6, 2013, is a global innovator in the computing, communications and electronics markets, committed to advancing our customers business success by helping them solve critical challenges in the development and commercialization of their products and services. Our mission, accelerating innovation to connect and secure the world, speaks to the value we provide our customers in a world of ever-increasing technological complexity. We deliver this value through a broad range of design and test solutions that enable our customers to bring their innovations to market on ever-shorter schedules. Keysight s portfolio of hardware, software, and services enables our customers workflows as they design, validate, manufacture, deploy, and optimize their products and solutions. Our revenue is derived primarily from solutions addressing research and development ( R D ) applications, and to a lesser degree, applications in manufacturing and operations. The accelerating pace of technological innovation and engineering intensity are long-term secular drivers of demand for Keysight s solutions and services. We serve a global set of customers in over 100 countries across a wide range of industry segments, including communications, aerospace, defense, and government, automotive, energy, industrial, general electronics, and semiconductor. We generated $5.4 billion, $5.0 billion, and $5.5 billion of revenue in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Revenue, income from operations, and assets by business segment as of and for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, are provided in Note 16, Segment Information, to our consolidated financial statements. Keysight Leadership Model We trace our heritage back over 80 years to the beginning of Silicon Valley. The fundamental elements of our culture are represented in our Keysight Leadership Model ( KLM ), which provides a framework for sustained value creation for customers, shareholders, and employees. The KLM centers on delivering customer success via a continuous activity system and core values that guide and drive our actions as a company and as individuals. The activities are summarized as an ongoing cycle 3 Table of Contents of market insight that drives capital allocation and yields timely solutions that are optimized via operational excellence. More information on the KLM can be found at https://about.keysight.com/en/companyinfo/leadership.shtml. Competitive Advantages Keysight conducts business globally with approximately 40,000 end customers each year, including many Fortune 1000 companies that are developing new electronic technologies, networks, systems, devices, and components. The following advantages enable us to deliver on our commitment of sustained value creation for our stakeholders. Deep, long-term, global customer relationships Keysight s history of collaborative innovation is demonstrated by our engagement with leading companies across the diverse markets that we address. Our customers trust Keysight to deliver the technological expertise, leading-edge capabilities, and broad solutions portfolio that they need to achieve their product development goals. Keysight employs a comprehensive global direct sales channel with experienced management and highly technical sales and application engineers, including a strong local presence in both developed and emerging markets. These sales personnel are supported by close collaboration with the engineering teams who create the solutions used by our customers so that problems can be addressed efficiently, and solutions enhanced quickly, to enable customer success. Our legacy of over 80 years of contribution in measurement science and the resulting breadth of our products and solutions yields a large, global installed base. This base of customers complements our large and growing services portfolio, and offers additional sales opportunities as requirements evolve and customers upgrade their solutions over time. Unique technology expertise and capabilities Keysight is a technology-driven company, investing in R D to align our business with available markets and position the company for growth. As our customers trusted test and measurement partner, we innovate at the leading edge of the technologies they deploy in their electronic systems under development. We employ a combination of strategies to lead in this area, including engagement with top standards bodies and industry consortia and close collaboration with top research programs in universities and industry. Our central R D team, Keysight Labs, focuses on developing breakthrough hardware and software technologies that are deployed in application-specific contexts by our business engineering teams. We develop and incorporate proprietary semiconductor and packaging technologies to deliver differentiated performance within our industry. Differentiated, first-to-market solutions portfolio Keysight s industry-focused organizational structure emphasizes our engagement with leading customers across our end markets. We use insights gained from these relationships, together with our technology expertise, to identify market opportunities and seek to maximize the lifecycle value, beginning in R D. Our development teams leverage the broad array of Keysight hardware, software, and services, adding new capability as necessary, to create market-leading solutions. Providing leading-edge, application-focused solutions for our customers in sync with their project schedules is key to our differentiation and value delivery and facilitates the continuous advancement of electronics technology. With a software- and customer-centric focus, we continue to make strategic investments to expand the R D component of our revenue mix and grow the software and services content of our business, which has the added benefit of increasing recurring revenue. 4 Table of Contents Durable and resilient business model Our operating model incorporates cost structure flexibility that has allowed Keysight to deliver profitability across a range of economic and market conditions. We employ variable pay mechanisms across our entire employee population and complement this with the strategic use of contingent staffing. We have a diversified go-to-market approach with indirect sales partners and electronic commerce to complement our direct sales force. This approach provides flexibility with the added benefit of expanding our reach and providing more efficient and effective transactional purchase capability. We use a centralized order fulfillment organization that supplies solutions to customers worldwide, allowing us to leverage the scale of our business to provide high-quality products while maintaining competitive margins. We complement our in-house capabilities with an extensive network of suppliers and subcontractors, which allows us to adapt to changing market conditions. The durability and resilience of our business model has provided strategic flexibility and enabled the company to continue to allocate capital and invest in growth through different market environments. Innovative culture Keysight's culture is built on the operating principles and values embodied in the KLM, with innovation as a key source of our strength. Our employees around the world embrace these principles and deliver industry-leading capabilities across a range of fields that are not only technical in nature but encompass a wide range of contributions to our business, customers, and shareholders. Keysight continues to be recognized as an employer of choice. We strive to enable employee growth in a diverse, inclusive, and respectful work environment that offers challenging assignments, development opportunities, competitive compensation, and a safe workplace. This environment supports our employees to achieve their full potential and enables collaboration that helps us innovate at the speed of our customers. S trategic Priorities Keysight s business strategy is exemplified in four key objectives: Invest to deliver differentiated, first-to-market solutions This priority is central to our value contribution for our customers in their world of increasing technology complexity and decreasing time-to-market. In 2025, we invested $1,007 million in R D. We employ vertical technology integration that leverages investments in core hardware technology, such as advanced semiconductor capability provided by our in-house fab, custom packaging from our technology centers, and other unique competencies. We integrate these hardware technologies with core software functionality enabled by our software engineering teams (representing the majority of our R D staff). We also incorporate services to deliver differentiated solutions that meet the needs of the market. Deep relationships with market-defining customers provide detailed understanding of their needs and schedules. This enables us to work at our customers pace to deliver solutions that enable their development cycles with first-to-market timing. Capture opportunities in our served addressable market and expand in attractive adjacencies Building on our industry-leading position, we are investing to capitalize on emerging technologies, expanding our portfolio of solutions and engaging earlier in our customers design and innovation life cycles. This is an important aspect of our capital allocation strategy to deliver sustainable and profitable growth. We continue to work on multiple vectors for growth as we expand Keysight s contributions across the technology stack, building on our core strength in physical layer and adding new protocol layer and system emulation capabilities, as well as new application layer solutions that address opportunities in design and data management. In October 2025, we acquired Spirent Communications plc ( Spirent ), complementing our position in communications test with additional differentiated solutions and deep customer relationships. Additionally, in October 2025, we completed the acquisition of the Optical Solutions Group ( OSG ) business from Synopsys, Inc. ( Synopsys ) and the PowerArtist RTL business ( PowerArtist ) from Ansys, Inc. ( Ansys ) to complement and expand our existing design engineering software portfolio and computer-aided engineering capabilities. In 2024, we acquired ESI Group SA ( ESI Group ), broadening our software offerings with the addition of computer-aided engineering solutions. In addition, we enhanced our security offerings with the acquisition of Riscure Holding B.V., providing testing solutions and software for semiconductor, embedded systems, and Internet of Things ( IoT ) devices, and extended our range of radio frequency ( RF ) and microwave ( uW ) instruments with the acquisition of AnaPico AG. Grow recurring revenue This component of our strategy benefits from the increasing software content in our solutions and emphasizes delivering continuous value to our customers throughout the solution lifecycle by delivering software enhancements. We have a dedicated global enterprise software sales force to drive this priority and maximize cross-selling opportunities across our markets. 5 Table of Contents Additionally, we leverage our broad services portfolio to provide unique and high-value services to extend the value of our solutions. Strategic deployment of capital Keysight strives to be a good steward of capital. We leverage our strong portfolio, flexible operating model, and solid financial position to maintain a disciplined approach to capital allocation, balancing investment for organic growth, mergers and acquisitions, and return of capital to shareholders. Broad Portfolio of Design and Test Solutions Keysight delivers a portfolio of products and solutions that enable our customers to efficiently develop, deploy, and optimize their product offerings. The main components of our portfolio are hardware, software, and services that are delivered on a standalone basis or combined into application-specific solutions. We leverage the breadth of our portfolio to deliver application-specific solutions through a software-centric approach. These solutions integrate hardware, software, and services to address high-value applications and meet industry-specific requirements. This approach allows Keysight to deliver differentiated value to our customers, built from a foundation of industry-leading products and services that can be configured to meet their needs. Hardware products include a broad range of platforms delivering precise measurement and control of numerous electrical and information properties in signals. These products consist of modular and integrated instruments in a variety of form factors. Some of the major product categories are: Spectrum and Signal Analyzers a line of products providing detailed analysis of complex communications and radar signals across a wide range of frequencies, including radio frequency, microwave, and optical. Network Analyzers an array of products providing detailed characterization of the behavior of electronic components and subsystems when stimulated by a range of input signals. Power Analyzers a range of products to accurately measure voltage, current, and power characteristics of an electronic device or system under a range of operating conditions. Protocol Analyzers a range of products allowing the debug, validation, and optimization of electronic systems employing various protocols for data transmission, usually defined by widely adopted standards, such as PCI Express ( PCIe ) or Universal Serial Bus ( USB ), as well as others. Oscilloscopes a range of products offering precise visualization, debug, and characterization of time domain signals across a wide range of operating conditions. Digital Multimeters a range of products in a variety of form factors delivering accurate and reliable measurement of basic electrical parameters. Signal Generators (Signal Sources) a range of products offering flexibility and precise control of the generation of a broad variety of signals used to provide stimulus to electronic devices and systems under test. Power Supplies a range of products used to provide precise control of power delivery to electrical and electronic systems under test. Network Test Products a range of systems to debug, validate, and characterize communication networks and network components across a range of operating conditions and measurement types. Network Visibility Products a portfolio of products and solutions delivering rich data insight about network traffic, applications, and users across any networking environment to ensure they remain connected and secure. This summary is only a subset of Keysight s industry-leading array of hardware product offerings. More details can be found on our website using the link at the end of this section. 6 Table of Contents Software represents a crucial component of our strategy to deliver differentiated, first-to-market solutions to our customers. Our open and scalable software platform accelerates our ability to deliver application-specific measurement solutions that integrate our instruments into connected workflows with automation, data management, and analytics. Keysight s software products are characterized in the following three categories: Instrument software applications are designed to maximize the value that our customers derive from our instruments, providing faster insight and analytics by integrating the instrument s hardware and software into an application-focused solution. This approach typically builds on the basic software used to operate our instruments by adding software applications to deliver measurements tailored to a specific application. For example, customers may purchase a signal analyzer equipped with a software application to analyze specific signals such as those used in satellite communications. Software application solutions unify multiple instruments into an application-specific measurement solution, providing faster time to insight across industry-specific applications, technologies, and lifecycle phases. An example of this is software that enables a signal generator and signal analyzer to be used as a stimulus-response tester for performance characterization of a communications component or device. Our standalone software solutions enable customers to address their design, simulation, emulation, test automation, and quality assurance needs in the R D lab and beyond. These solutions enable our customers to efficiently develop robust product designs and translate them into physical products. Solutions include physics-based virtual prototyping and computer-aided engineering ( CAE ), as well as process and data management. We have used AI capability, such as machine learning and neural network models, across many Keysight solutions to enhance our value to customers. The rapidly evolving AI ecosystem presents opportunities to enhance productivity for our customers as well as our own internal operations. Services provided by Keysight Global Services enable and enhance our customers success with their Keysight products and solutions. Our global scale is complemented by localized presence with trained engineers and technicians delivering our services via regional support centers located near customers or on-site teams. This approach increases the efficiency and uniformity of our services offerings and allows for close collaboration with our engineering and go-to-market teams. Our services offerings are summarized as follows: Product support services deliver comprehensive support that includes parts, repair, and accredited calibrations of Keysight products and solutions. Technical and application support for hardware, software, and solutions, known as KeysightCare, allows customers to maximize their productivity and the utility of our products and solutions in their application environment. Professional services, including installation, training, and engineering services, optimize equipment and solution adoption, utilization, and integration into customers unique environments. More information on our broad portfolio of products and services can be found at https://www.keysight.com/us/en/products.html. Operating Segments Keysight has two reportable operating segments, the Communications Solutions Group ( CSG ) and the Electronic Industrial Solutions Group ( EISG ). Communications Solutions Group CSG serves customers spanning the global commercial communications and aerospace, defense, and government end markets. The group s solutions consist of electronic design and test software, instrumentation, systems, and related services. These solutions are used in the design, simulation, validation, manufacturing, installation, and optimization of communication systems in wireless, wireline (data center ecosystem), enterprise, and aerospace, defense, and government end markets. Our recent acquisition of Spirent adds wireless network test and assurance and positioning technology solutions to our portfolio, complementing our design, validation, and performance offerings to deliver end-to-end solutions to our customers. Commercial Communications The market for Keysight s commercial communications solutions spans the communications ecosystem from design through operations and across the industry s broad spectrum of components, devices, equipment, and services. Our solutions 7 Table of Contents address the communications lifecycle in both wireless and wireline domains, from design and simulation, validation, and characterization, through manufacturing, deployment, and optimization, including cybersecurity testing and certification. Keysight s commercial communications customers develop and deploy communications products and services and operate communications networks around the world. Our customers represent a diverse group of suppliers across the global industry value chain and include original equipment and contract manufacturers supplying wireless and wireline semiconductors, chipsets, modules, and devices. Our customers also include network equipment manufacturers ( NEMs ) as well as those operating communications and computing networks, including enterprises, communications network service providers, and cloud computing service providers. These customers require design, simulation, and measurement tools to validate the correct functional operation, conformance to standards, and parametric performance of their products and systems under development. Our customer needs span the wide range of technologies employed in modern wired and wireless communications system designs such as 5G, 6G, commercial satellite, 800Gb/sec ethernet, 1.6Tb/sec ethernet, and many others. These needs have also evolved rapidly given the continuous advancement of digital, communications, and computing standards. Keysight is enabling rapid advances in AI through solutions to increase the efficiency of AI compute clusters and to accelerate the deployment of new interconnect technologies that deliver greater speed and capacity in AI data center infrastructure. Keysight s broad portfolio of products and solutions serve our customers many specific applications, accelerating the development, validation, quality manufacturing and deployment of their products and services, as well as aiding in their secure and efficient operation, service, and repair. Aerospace, Defense, and Government The market for Keysight s aerospace, defense, and government solutions consists of applications addressing secure and highly reliable communications, space and satellite equipment development and operations, and government research across a wide spectrum of electronics technologies used in aerospace and defense. General applications include electromagnetic spectrum operations (e.g., communications, radar, signal intelligence), cybersecurity, and others, often incorporating ruggedized and high-reliability designs for military equipment. Research applications are wide-ranging and include areas such as quantum communications and computing, cyber-physical control systems, energy as well as materials science research. Our aerospace, defense, and government customers are research agencies and manufacturers serving the aerospace and defense industries, including commercial and government customers and their contracted suppliers. Commercial suppliers include aerospace, defense, and satellite equipment prime contractors, subcontractors, and related component suppliers. Government customers include a range of government agencies, such as departments and ministries of defense, security agencies, and related government research entities. Our customers need to accelerate the modernization of their defense systems to realize the benefits of the continuous evolution in electronic systems. They strive to embrace new space, energy, and communications advances, and ensure secure supply chains. These customers require design, simulation, and measurement tools to accelerate their efforts to ensure the proper operation and performance of the devices and systems they are developing, deploying, and operating. They use Keysight s products and solutions to explore design alternatives, validate their component and system designs and prototypes, ensure quality manufacturing, and operate, service, and repair their systems in the field. Electronic Industrial Solutions Group EISG serves customers across a diverse set of end markets focused on automotive and energy, semiconductor solutions, and general electronics. The group's solutions consist of electronic design, test and simulation software, instrumentation, systems, computer-aided engineering solutions and related services. These solutions are used in the design, simulation, validation, manufacturing, installation, and optimization of electronic equipment. Automotive and Energy The market for Keysight s automotive and energy solutions consists of design and measurement applications addressing the major transformational trends in these industries. These applications include the growth of electric and autonomous vehicles, the evolution of energy systems to incorporate alternative forms of generation and advanced control, and the many new subsystem and component technologies under development to enable and advance these trends. Our automotive and energy customers include automotive original equipment manufacturers and Tier 1 and 2 suppliers, along with the component and subsystem suppliers that support them. Our customers also include the suppliers of alternative energy systems for green energy generation, storage, and control, as well as suppliers of enabling electronics technology such as high-power semiconductors and control systems. Our customers are innovating in energy management and advanced cyber-physical control systems that are the building blocks of these complex and transformative systems. These customers, many of whom are pioneering new standards and 8 Table of Contents capabilities involving the application of advanced communications, computing, and applied materials research, require advanced design, simulation, and measurement capability to fully explore these new application areas and enable the development of their products and services. They rely on Keysight s software-centric solutions to analyze and validate their concepts and products, thereby increasing their productivity and ultimately speeding the arrival of their products to market. Semiconductor The market for Keysight s semiconductor solutions consists of design and measurement applications to enable continued innovation in leading-edge semiconductors to address the demand for smaller, more power efficient, and highly integrated chips and chipsets. This innovation requires new approaches to design and measurement to enable realization of the design in the fab along with efficient testing at scale to preserve and enhance yield. Our semiconductor customers are primarily design and production teams in semiconductor and semiconductor capital equipment companies who are looking to differentiate their offerings by implementing innovative new silicon architectures and continuing to advance the state of the art in device capability. Such innovations are the foundation of advances in electronics that are powering many new technologies in today s high-tech world. These teams require close collaboration with their design and measurement solutions suppliers to continue to advance their capability in this challenging environment of ever-advancing complexity and scale. Keysight is a trusted supplier to the leaders in the semiconductor ecosystem as they engage with our solutions to enable their next-generation offerings. General Electronics The market for Keysight s general electronics solutions spans a broad set of design and measurement applications that enable electronics designers and manufacturers across a wide range of industrial and academic settings. These applications represent basic and advanced design, simulation, and measurement capability that support the electronics industry and is driven by digital transformation and the growth of connected devices (IoT), including consumer electronics, digital health applications, smart manufacturing, and the growth of digital classroom learning. Our general electronics customers include design teams in leading and emerging companies, universities, and research organizations that are innovating to bring higher levels of connectivity, utility, and automation, along with new business models, to their customers. In many cases they are embracing new communications technology and working to incorporate the latest electronics to enable longer battery life, higher performance, or other differentiators for their systems. Keysight's design and measurement solutions accelerate our customers development and productization processes. The following discussions include information common to each of our businesses. Competition Keysight operates in a highly competitive and rapidly changing global marketplace. We believe that our technology leadership serves as a competitive differentiator. The proprietary software and hardware technologies developed by our R D technology centers around the world enable many Keysight products to deliver capability to address our customers engineering requirements. We compete with a variety of organizations that offer similar services and solutions, but none of our competitors offer the equivalent range of product and services at the scale we do or serve all the same markets in the aggregate or by segment. Our competitors include companies or divisions of companies with substantial sales, marketing, research, and financial capabilities, as well as well-established regional competitors who are more specialized than we are in particular markets. We also face increased competition in a number of our served markets as a result of the entry of new competitors or consolidation among industries or customers. For a discussion of risks related to competition, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Research and Development We are committed to investing in R D and have focused our development efforts on strategic opportunities that align our business with available markets and position the company for growth. Our R D investments focus on the development of first-to-market solutions with differentiated software and hardware, as well as improvements to existing software and hardware products to provide complete customer solutions addressing the evolving requirements of industries that we serve. We conduct R D in four principal areas: enabling technologies, system design, simulation, and measurement, with the aim of building a strong foundation for next-generation and longer-term solutions. Our most significant technology development centers are in the United States (California, Colorado, and Texas), Singapore, India, Germany, Malaysia, Romania, China, Japan, Spain, United Kingdom, and France. We anticipate that we will continue to maintain R D expenditures to deliver a continuous flow of innovative, high-quality customer solutions, products, and services. 9 Table of Contents Sales Our direct sales force focuses on addressing the needs of our global and regional customers by selling Keysight products, systems, solutions, software, and services. Keysight s direct sales force consists of sales and solution engineers who have in depth knowledge of the customers business and technology needs. Our direct sellers concentrate on providing more complex, end-to-end solutions where customers require strategic consultation. Our solution engineers bring deep solution and application expertise to provide a combination of consulting, systems integration, and software engineering services that span all stages of the sale, deployment, and support of our complex systems and solutions. We also have a global software subscription and renewals channel, selling our standalone enterprise software solutions including computer-aided engineering and design workflow solutions. Our direct sales organizations serve customers globally across the commercial communications, aerospace, defense, and government, automotive and energy, semiconductor, and general electronics markets. More than 80 percent of our business comes from customer interactions with our direct sales organization. To complement our direct sales force, we have over 800 agreements with channel partners around the world. These channel partners include distributors, resellers, and manufacturer s representatives. They serve thousands of customers across a wide range of end-user markets. They are expected to provide the same level of service and support as our direct sales force for the products they sell and generate new sales opportunities to extend our reach. In addition, we work with a number of strategic solution partners who add value to our products and solutions for certain verticals like network application and test. Electronic commerce and telesales channels are also in place for transactional, lower-touch sales. Marketing Our marketing organization builds the company brand and drives growth through programs that increase awareness, demand, and engagement for Keysight s design, simulation, emulation, and test solutions. We employ a multi-pronged marketing strategy to enhance brand equity, as well as proving our presence and thought leadership in existing and emerging markets, resulting in one powerful brand voice for Keysight. We fuel growth initiatives through online digital transformation, high-value content, new product launches, and sophisticated digital and physical demand generation programs tailored to local markets to attract new accounts and deepen relationships with existing customers. We continuously evolve our marketing practices and technology stack to leverage AI for innovation and productivity while supporting a data-driven approach to our sales and marketing initiatives. Our continued evolution includes a focus on intent-based marketing as we continue to adjust to how our prospects prefer to discover, learn, and buy. Manufacturing and Materials We utilize a combination of in-house manufacturing and qualified contract manufacturers to optimize productivity, manage costs, and maintain flexibility in responding to changing market conditions. Our in-house manufacturing is focused on the highest value-added, most complex, and technically differentiated elements of production, while contract manufacturers primarily support assembly and printed circuit board fabrication. In addition to our centralized manufacturing hub in Penang, Malaysia, our largest facility, responsible for final assembly, tuning, calibration, and test of many of our advanced instruments, we maintain significant manufacturing operations in the United States, including facilities in California and Colorado. These U.S. operations are responsible for our leading edge, proprietary technology platforms. Specifically, we operate five specialized technology centers across Santa Rosa, California; Colorado Springs, Colorado; and Boeblingen, Germany. These technology centers develop, and manufacture differentiated components and subsystems, including microwave monolithic integrated circuits, thick- and thin-film circuits, optical components, high-speed probes, precision-machined mechanical parts, and advanced multi-chip and system-in-package modules. These capabilities provide a competitive advantage by delivering performance levels not commercially available and are critical to the broad range of markets we serve. We plan our supply chain based on forecasts and typically manufacture and configure finished products upon receipt of firm customer orders. Our manufacturing operations employ a wide variety of semiconductors, electromechanical components and assemblies, and raw materials, such as plastic resins and sheet metal. We purchase materials from various suppliers globally. Some of the parts that require custom design work are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Our long-term relationships with suppliers allow us to proactively manage technology road maps and product discontinuance plans and monitor their financial health. To address the potential disruption in, and other risks related to, our supply chain, we use a number of techniques, including qualifying multiple sources of supply and redesign of solutions for alternative components. In addition, while we generally attempt to keep our inventory at optimal levels, we do purchase incremental inventory as circumstances warrant to protect the supply chain. For a further discussion of risks related to the manufacturing and materials and components required for our operations, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 10 Table of Contents Human Capital At Keysight, we foster a collaborative, high performance, diverse, and inclusive workplace where employees are empowered through meaningful work, continuous development, and a culture of innovation. We offer competitive compensation, a safe and respectful work environment, and opportunities to grow professionally and personally. We believe our culture, rooted in technology leadership, innovation, inclusion, and engagement, is a strategic advantage that drives our success. As of October 31, 2025, Keysight employed approximately 16,800 people worldwide. Of these, 5,800 were based in the Americas (including 5,500 in the United States), 3,600 in Europe, and 7,400 in the Asia Pacific region. Our core values and culture reflect our commitment to ethical business practices and responsible corporate citizenship. The Keysight Standards of Business Conduct ( SBC ) guide our interactions with customers, suppliers, competitors, and each other. These standards are publicly available on our website and serve as the foundation of our integrity-driven approach to business. Oversight and Governance The Chief People Officer ( CPO ) is responsible for developing and integrating goals and metrics associated with the company s broader human capital management strategy. The Chief Executive Officer and CPO regularly update our board of directors and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee on human capital matters. We provide multiple avenues for employee input. Our Open-Door Policy provides employees with direct access to any level of management to discuss ideas, get input on career development, and discuss concerns in a constructive manner. Hiring, Retention, and Succession Planning At Keysight, our talent acquisition and Human Resources teams partner closely with business leaders to align workforce strategies with our long-term business objectives. This collaboration ensures we attract and retain the talent needed to drive innovation and deliver customer success. Once onboard, employees are supported through a range of development opportunities, including leadership education, mentoring programs, and employee network groups. We conduct annual succession planning throughout the organization, including executive leadership, to ensure a strong pipeline of future leaders. As a global company, we recognize the importance of preserving institutional knowledge, especially as many of our experienced employees become eligible for retirement. To address this, we have implemented structured knowledge transfer programs designed to retain critical expertise and maintain business continuity. As of October 31, 2025, the average tenure of our employees is 12.4 years. Our three-year average employee turnover rate was approximately 6.2 percent. Employee Engagement We are committed to maintaining a work environment that supports the needs of all employees. The value we place on culture helps us attract and retain the best talent and drive high performance through innovation and collaboration. In an effort to enable employees to be successful, we provide mentoring programs, all-encompassing benefits, access to employee network groups, and training for every stage of employment. Learning and Development We believe that learning is a lifelong pursuit that creates a mindset of professional growth and continuous improvement. We prioritize on-the-job learning through stretch assignments, development opportunities, and educational resources. Our employees have access to a wide range of programs, workshops, classes, and resources to help them excel in their careers. Compensation and Benefits We seek to achieve competitive and equitable pay across our organization globally. We conduct annual pay equity analyses, adjusting for role, experience, location, and performance to ensure fairness. Health, Safety, and Wellness We strive to maintain a best-in-class work environment and provide a safe and healthy workplace for all employees. We accomplish this through strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding workplace safety. We promote the health and wellness of our employees through our employee well-being programs, our employee and family assistance program focused on mental health awareness, and workplace accessibility and accommodations. 11 Table of Contents Backlog Backlog represents the amount of revenue expected from orders that have already been booked, including orders for goods and services that have not been delivered to customers, orders invoiced but not yet recognized as revenue (booked as deferred revenue), and orders for goods that were shipped but not yet recognized, awaiting acceptance by customers and/or completion of a commitment to a customer. As of October 31, 2025, our backlog was approximately $2,697 million compared to approximately $2,375 million as of October 31, 2024. The increase in year-over-year backlog is driven by incremental backlog generated from acquisitions, mainly Spirent, as well as orders in excess of revenue. In accordance with our order acceptance policy, we continue to expect the majority of backlog to be recognized as revenue within six months. While backlog on any particular date can be an indicator of short-term revenue performance, it is not necessarily a reliable indicator of medium or long-term revenue performance. Intellectual Property We generate patent and other intellectual property rights covering significant inventions and other innovations in order to create a competitive advantage. Although we believe that our licenses, patents, and other intellectual property rights have value, in general no single license, patent, or other intellectual property right is in itself material, other than the Keysight mark. Government Regulations Our company is subject to various federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations relating to the development, manufacture, sale, and distribution of our products and solutions, and it is our policy to comply with the laws in every jurisdiction in which we conduct business. Regulations include, but are not limited to, those related to environment, corruption, bribery, import and export controls, competition, product safety, workplace health and safety, employment, labor, and data privacy. The following describes certain significant regulations that may impact our business. For additional information about the risks related to government regulations, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. Environmental Regulations Our R D, manufacturing, and distribution operations involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under international, federal, state, and local laws governing health and safety, and the environment. We apply strict standards for protection of the environment and occupational health and safety to sites inside and outside the United States, even if not subject to regulation imposed by foreign governments. We believe that our properties and operations at our facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental and occupational health and safety laws. However, the risk of environmental liabilities cannot be completely eliminated, and there can be no assurance that the application of environmental and health and safety laws will not require us to incur significant expenditures. We are also regulated under a number of international, federal, state, and local laws regarding recycling, product packaging, and product content requirements. The environmental, product content/disposal, and recycling laws are gradually becoming more stringent and may cause us to incur additional costs in the future. Some of our properties have been the subject of ongoing remediation by HP Inc. ( HP ) for subsurface contamination that was known at the time of Agilent s separation from HP in 1999. In connection with Agilent s separation from HP, HP and Agilent entered into an agreement pursuant to which HP agreed to retain the liability for this subsurface contamination, perform the required remediation, and indemnify Agilent with respect to claims arising out of that contamination. Agilent has assigned its rights and obligations under this agreement to Keysight in respect to facilities transferred to Keysight in our separation from Agilent on November 1, 2014 (the Separation ). As a result, HP has access to a limited number of our properties to perform remediation. Although HP agreed to minimize interference with on-site operations at such properties, remediation activities and subsurface contamination may require us to incur unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties. In connection with the Separation, Agilent will indemnify us directly for any liabilities related thereto. We cannot be sure that HP will continue to fulfill its remediation obligations or that Agilent will continue to fulfill its indemnification obligations. On December 17, 2021, Keysight and HP signed a restrictive covenant related to our Santa Rosa facility that prohibits certain uses of the property (such as running a daycare facility, hospital, or school) and terminates HP s remediation obligation related to that facility. HP s remediation obligations relating to Keysight s Colorado Springs facility are ongoing. We maintain a comprehensive environmental site liability insurance policy that may cover certain clean-up costs or legal claims related to environmental contamination. This policy covers specified active, inactive, and divested locations. 12 Table of Contents Import/Export Regulations We sell products and solutions to customers all over the world and are required to comply with the U.S Export Administration Regulations and economic and trade sanctions programs that limit or ban sales into certain countries. Countries outside of the U.S. have implemented similar controls and sanction regulations. Together these controls and regulations may impose licensing requirements on exports of certain technology and software from the U.S. and may impact our ability to transact business in certain countries or with certain customers. We have developed compliance programs and training to prevent violations of these programs and regulations, and we regularly monitor changes in the law and regulations. In February 2022, the U.S. imposed economic sanctions and other restrictions on Russia following its invasion of Ukraine. As a result, after an initial suspension of operations in Russia, we permanently discontinued our Russian operations and are exiting Russia. Changes in these or other import or export laws and regulations may restrict or further restrict our ability to sell certain products and solutions and may require us to develop additional compliance programs and training. Anti-Corruption Regulations As a result of our extensive international operations, we must comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and anti-competition regulations. We have compliance policies, programs, and training to prevent non-compliance with such anti-corruption regulations in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. We monitor pending and proposed legislation and regulatory changes that may impact our business and develop strategies to address the changes and incorporate them into existing compliance programs. Data Privacy Regulations With extensive operations all over the world, we must comply with complex regulations governing data privacy, including the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) in the European Union and data privacy regulations in other jurisdictions. These regulations require careful handling of internal data. We have internal data handling policies and practices to comply with global data privacy requirements, including GDPR and similar regulations, and devote resources to keep up with changing data privacy regulations. The risk of data privacy breaches cannot be entirely eliminated, creating risk of fines and penalties. Additionally, new laws, amendments, or interpretations of regulations, industry standards, and contractual obligations relating to data privacy may require us to incur additional costs related to compliance and may restrict our business operations. Health and Safety Regulations We are subject to and comply with health and safety laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which we operate. These regulations may differ by country, requiring us to keep track of varied and complex requirements. In the U.S. we are subject to federal and state Occupational Health and Safety laws as well as federal, state, and local requirements. Executive Officers of the Registrant The following is information regarding our executive officers as of December 1, 2025. Satish Dhanasekaran, 53, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Keysight since May 2022. He served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from October 2020 to May 2022. He was Senior Vice President and President of the Communications Solutions Group from July 2017 to October 2020. From May 2016 to July 2017, Mr. Dhanasekaran served as Keysight s Vice President and General Manager, Wireless Devices and Operators Business Unit. From June 2015 to May 2016, Mr. Dhanasekaran served as the General Manager of the Mobile Broadband Operation, and from November 2014 through June 2015, he led the marketing function for the Signal Analysis and Signal Sources Division. Neil Dougherty , 56, has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since May 2022 and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Keysight from December 2013 to May 2022. From 2012 to December 2013, Mr. Dougherty served as Vice President and Treasurer of Agilent. He served as Senior Director in Agilent s Corporate Development Group from 2010 to 2012, and from 2006 to 2010, he served as Agilent s Assistant Treasurer. Ingrid Estrada , 61, has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Supply Chain and Operations Officer since May 2025 and prior to assuming that role, served as Chief People and Administrative Officer and Chief of Staff from August 2017 to May 2025. Previously, she served as Keysight s Senior Vice President, Human Resources from December 2013 to August 2017. From 2011 to December 2013, she served as Vice President and General Manager of Global Sourcing of Agilent. 13 Table of Contents Jo Ann (Jodi) Juskie, 64, has served as Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer since May 2025. From August 2019 to May 2025, Ms. Juskie served as Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Since joining HP in 1994, Ms. Juskie has served in various roles within the Legal Department, including Managing Counsel for Keysight and Agilent from 2009 to 2019. Jason A. Kary , 57, has served as Senior Vice President and President of the Electronic Industrial Solution Group since November 2024. He served as Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations of Keysight from December 2013 to November 2024. From March 2012 to December 2013, Mr. Kary served as Vice President of Finance and Group Chief Financial Officer, Life Sciences Group for Agilent Technologies, Inc. and from March 2010 to February 2012 as Vice President of Finance, Global Infrastructure and Enterprise Financial Planning and Analysis. Jeffrey Li , 56, has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary since July 2019. From December 2013 to July 2019, Mr. Li served as Vice President, Assistant General Counsel, and Assistant Secretary of Keysight, and as Senior Counsel of Agilent from 2011 to December 2013. Kailash Narayanan , 52 , has served as Senior Vice President and President of the Communications Solutions Group since November 2021. From November 2020 until November 2021, Mr. Narayanan served as President of the Commercial Communications business. He served as Vice President and General Manager, Wireless Test Business Unit, from September 2017 to November 2020, and was Vice President and General Manager, Wireless Devices from May 2016 to September 2017. From November 2014 to May 2016, Mr. Narayanan served as R D Senior Manager of Mobile Broadband Operation. John Page, 61 , has served as Senior Vice President and President of Global Services since November 2015 and served as Vice President of Business Finance of Keysight from February 2014 to November 2015. Prior to joining Keysight, Mr. Page served as the Chief Financial Officer of Nanosys, Inc. from 2010 to 2014. Lisa Poole , 60, has served as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of Keysight since August 2023. From May 2022 to August 2023, Ms. Poole served as Vice President, Assistant Corporate Controller. Ms. Poole served as Senior Director, Global Financial Reporting and Compliance from May 2021 to May 2022, and from March 2014 to May 2021, she served as the Director, External Financial Reporting. Sung (Steve) J. Yoon, 59 , has served as Senior Vice President, Global Sales since November 2024. Mr. Yoon served as Vice President, Americas Sales Operations from February 2021 to November 2024. From May 2016 to February 2021, he served as a National Sales Manager in the Americas Sales Organization. Prior to 2016, Mr. Yoon served in various district and regional sales management roles. Investor Information We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ). Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers. You can access financial and other information at our Investor Relations website at www.investor.keysight.com. We make available, free of charge, printed copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the SEC. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the charters of our Audit and Finance Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Executive Committee, as well as our SBC and Corporate Social Responsibilities reports are available on our website at www.investor.keysight.com under Corporate Governance. These items are also available in print to any stockholder in the United States and Canada who requests them by calling (800) 829-4444. This information is also available by writing to the company at the address on the cover of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 14 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks, Uncertainties and Other Factors That May Affect Future Results Risks Related to Our Business Volatility and uncertainty in general economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our business is sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the U.S. Global and regional economic volatility and uncertainty, inflation and potential recession has and may continue to impact our business, resulting in: increased cost to manufacture products or deliver solutions; reduced customer purchasing power; reduced demand for our solutions and services and reduced, delayed or canceled orders; increased risk of excess and obsolete inventory; increased risk of supply chain shortages; increased price pressure on our solutions and services; and greater risk of impairment to the value, and a detriment to the liquidity, of our future investment portfolio. In addition, global and regional macroeconomic developments, such as uncertainty related to future economic activity, increased tariff rates and reciprocal tariffs, volatility in financial and capital markets, reduced access to credit, changing interest rates, decreased liquidity, uncertain or destabilizing national elections and reactions to national election results, political violence and unrest in the U.S., the U.K., Europe, and Asia, and negative changes or volatility in general economic conditions in those regions could negatively affect our ability to conduct business in those territories. Financial difficulties experienced by our suppliers and customers due to economic volatility could result in product delays, reduced purchasing power, delays in payment or inability to pay us, and inventory issues. Economic risks related to accounts receivable could result in delays in collection and greater bad debt expense. Economic, political, and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. Because we operate our businesses and sell our solutions worldwide, our businesses are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. However, there can be no assurances that our international sales will continue at existing levels or grow in accordance with our effort to increase foreign market penetration. In addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers and manufacturing facilities are located outside the U.S. Accordingly, our future results could be negatively impacted by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: inability to conduct business in certain countries or regions or with certain customers due to U.S. sanctions or trade restrictions; inability to sell certain products, technologies, or services to countries, regions, facilities, or customers due to sanctions or trade restrictions; uncertainty regarding the U.S. government s announced tariffs, potential changes to existing tariffs and whether additional tariffs may be imposed, modified or suspended; changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions, including but not limited to changes that favor national interests such as the imposition of or increase in tariffs and reciprocal tariffs, and economic volatility; negative consequences from changes in tax laws; difficulty in protecting and enforcing intellectual property rights; injunctions or exclusion orders related to intellectual property disputes; 15 Table of Contents interruptions to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers; supply chain disruptions; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations; local competition; differing labor regulations; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; conflicting regulatory requirements within the jurisdictions in which we operate; inadequate local infrastructure; potential incidences of corruption and fraudulent business practices; and volatile geopolitical turmoil, including popular uprisings, regional conflicts, terrorism, and war. We centralize most of our accounting processes at two locations: India and Malaysia. If conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers. Our results of operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results. Further, even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage similar risks. Economic and political policies favoring national interests could adversely affect our results of operations. Nationalistic economic policies and political trends such as sanctions or trade restrictions, including those on advanced computing and semiconductor manufacturing and design software, withdrawal from or re-negotiation of global trade agreements, increased tariffs and reciprocal tariffs, tax and local content policies that favor domestic industries and interests, changes to immigration laws or enforcement and other similar actions may result in conflicting local or regional requirements, increased transaction costs, reduced ability to hire employees, reduced access to components, supplies and materials, reduced demand or access to customers, and inability to conduct our operations as they have been conducted historically. Each of these factors may adversely affect our business. There have been recent and ongoing changes to U.S. tariff policy, resulting in broad-based increases in tariff rates. Commencing in the second quarter of fiscal 2025, new U.S. tariffs applying to imports from all countries were announced, including significantly higher rates on imports from China. In response, several countries, including China, have imposed or threatened to impose retaliatory measures on imports from the U.S. The U.S. government has announced various modifications and delays to its tariff policy and further changes may be made in the future. There has also been continuing litigation in the federal courts regarding the validity of the imposition of certain tariffs. Many of our suppliers, vendors, customers, partners, and other entities with whom we do business have strong ties to doing business in China and other countries impacted by the increased tariffs. Their ability to supply materials to us, buy products or services from us, or otherwise work with us is affected by their ability to do business in impacted countries. Continued uncertainty around trade policy could substantially change our cost of operating in such jurisdictions. Moreover, these tariffs and any other trade restrictions imposed on our customers or suppliers could adversely affect our financial results and position through reduced demand for our products and solutions, cancelled orders, supply chain disruptions, increased transaction costs, and increased expenses. If the U.S. relationship with countries subject to increased tariffs results in additional trade disputes, trade protection measures, retaliatory actions and increased barriers, policies that favor domestic industries, or increased import or export licensing requirements or restrictions, then our deployment of resources in jurisdictions affected by such measures could be misaligned and our operations may be adversely affected. Volatile geopolitical turmoil, including popular uprisings, regional conflicts, terrorism and war could result in market instability, which could negatively impact our business results. We are a global company with international operations, and we sell our products and solutions in countries throughout the world. Regional conflicts, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine, which resulted in economic sanctions and the decision to discontinue our operations in Russia, conflict in the Middle East, and the risk of increased tensions between China and Taiwan, could limit or prohibit our ability to transfer certain technologies, to sell our products and solutions, and could result in additional closure of facilities in sanctioned countries. In addition, international conflict could further result in global or 16 Table of Contents regional market instability; increased energy costs, which could increase the cost of manufacturing, selling and delivering products and solutions; and increased risk of cybersecurity attacks, which could adversely impact our financial results. Our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our solutions decline or do not grow as anticipated. Visibility into our markets is limited. Our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of technology-related spending and orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast and may be cancelled by our customers. In addition, our revenues and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality or cyclicality of our markets. However, due to factors such as inflation, the potential for recession, trade barriers or restrictions, increased geopolitical tensions, including regional conflict and war, the markets we serve may experience increased volatility and may not experience the seasonality or cyclicality that we expect. Our customers markets may also be affected by changes in the legal regulatory regime. If our customers markets decline, orders may decline, may be delayed or cancelled, and we may not be able to collect outstanding amounts due to us. Such declines could harm our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and could limit our profitability. In such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. Since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, R D and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough, these pricing pressures could further reduce our operating margins. A decreased demand for our customers products or trade barriers or restrictions could adversely affect our results of operations. Our business depends on our customers ability to manufacture, design, and sell their products in the marketplace. International trade disputes affecting our customers could adversely affect our business. There have been recent and ongoing changes to U.S. tariff policy, resulting in broad-based increases in tariff rates. Commencing in the second quarter of fiscal 2025, new U.S. tariffs applying to imports from all countries were announced, including significantly higher rates on imports from China. In response, several countries, including China, have imposed or threatened to impose retaliatory measures on imports from the U.S. The U.S. government has announced various modifications and delays to its tariff policy and further changes may be made in the future. There has also been continuing litigation in the federal courts regarding the validity of the imposition of certain tariffs. Many of our suppliers, vendors, customers, partners, and other entities with whom we do business have strong ties to doing business in China and other countries impacted by the increased tariffs. Increased tariffs on sales to or imports from impacted countries, including China, will increase the cost of our customers components and raw materials, which could make our customers products and services more expensive and could reduce demand for our customers products. A decrease in demand or significant change in operations from our customers due to international trade disputes could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. If the U.S. relationship with countries subject to increased tariffs results in additional trade disputes, trade protection measures, retaliatory actions and increased barriers, policies that favor domestic industries, or increased import or export licensing requirements or restrictions, we could suffer additional unforeseen adverse effects on our operating results and financial condition. Our customers and suppliers have at times become subject to U.S. export restrictions and sanctions, such as being added to the U.S. Department of Commerce s Lists of Parties of Concern and having U.S. export privileges denied or suspended. When a customer or supplier of ours becomes subject to such sanctions, we suspend our business with such customer or supplier. Because of the continued tense political and economic relationship between the U.S. and China and between the U.S. and Russia, new restrictions or sanctions have been imposed with little notice, which could leave us without an adequate alternative solution to compensate for our inability to continue to do business with such customer or supplier. Some of our suppliers and customers in the supply chain are working on unique solutions and products in the market, and it may be difficult if not impossible to replace them, especially with short notice. We cannot predict what impact future sanctions could have on our customers or suppliers, and therefore, our business. Any export restrictions or sanctions and any tariffs or other trade restriction imposed on our customers or suppliers could adversely affect our financial condition and business. Failure to introduce successful new solutions and services in a timely manner to address increased competition, rapid technological changes, and changing industry standards could result in our solutions and services becoming obsolete. We generally sell our solutions in industries that are characterized by increased competition through frequent new solution and service introductions, rapid technological changes and innovations and changing industry standards. In addition, many of the markets in which we operate are seasonal and cyclical. Without the timely introduction of new solutions, services and enhancements, our solutions and services will become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and 17 Table of Contents operating results would suffer. Our ability to offer new solutions and services and to deploy them in a timely manner depend on several factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to: properly identify and assess customer needs; innovate and develop new technologies, applications and solutions; successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner; manufacture and deliver our solutions in sufficient volumes and on time; differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings; price our solutions competitively; anticipate our competitors' development of new solutions, services or technological innovations; and control product quality in our manufacturing process. Our future operating results may fluctuate significantly if our investments in innovative technologies are not as profitable as we anticipate. On a regular basis, we review the existing technologies available in the market and identify strategic new technologies to develop and invest in. We devote significant resources to develop new technologies in communications, aerospace and defense, automotive and the Internet of Things. We invest in R D, grow and deepen relationships with customers and suppliers, and direct our corporate and operational resources to develop innovative technologies. Our financial results could be harmed if we fail to expand our customer base, if demand for our solutions is lower than we expect, or if our revenue related to our innovative technologies is lower than we anticipate. We provide solutions for the design, development, and manufacturing stages of our customers workflow. Our customers who currently use our solutions in one stage of their workflow may not use our solutions in other aspects of their manufacturing process. Failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to estimate our customers demand could adversely affect our income. Our income could be harmed if we are unable to adjust our purchases to address market fluctuations, including those caused by volatile global economic conditions including the impact of tariffs and reciprocal tariffs, geopolitical conflict, or the seasonal or cyclical nature of the markets in which we operate. The sale of our solutions and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers whose industries are subject to seasonal or cyclical trends in the demand for their products. For example, the consumer electronics market is particularly volatile, making demand difficult to anticipate. Making such estimations in an economic climate affected by trade barriers, inflation or potential recession, fluctuations in global currency, geopolitical tension and war is particularly difficult as increased volatility may impact seasonal trends making it more difficult to anticipate demand fluctuations. Supply chain fluctuations could impact our ability to purchase parts and components. Some parts require custom design and may not be readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Should a supplier cease manufacturing such a component, we would be forced to re-engineer our solution. In addition to discontinuing parts, suppliers may also extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. In order to secure components for the production of products, we may continue to enter into non-cancellable purchase commitments with vendors, or at times make advance payments to suppliers, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to declining market demands. Prior commitments of this type have resulted in an excess of parts when demand for electronic products has decreased. If demand for our solutions is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges. Dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourcing other portions of our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring solutions to market and damage our reputation. Dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively. As part of our efforts to streamline operations and to cut costs, we outsource aspects of our manufacturing processes and other functions and continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. If our contract manufacturers or other outsourcers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring solutions to market and our reputation could suffer. For example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from fulfilling our customers orders on a timely basis. The ability of these manufacturers to perform is largely outside of our control. Additionally, changing or replacing our contract manufacturers or other outsourced vendors could cause disruptions or delays. We outsource significant portions of our information technology ( IT ) and other administrative functions. Since IT is critical to our operations, any failure of our IT providers to perform could impair our ability to operate effectively. Problems with manufacturing or IT outsourcing could result in lower revenues and unrealized 18 Table of Contents efficiencies and could impact our results of operations and stock price. Much of our outsourcing takes place in developing countries and, as a result, may be subject to heightened geopolitical uncertainty. Our operating results may suffer if our manufacturing capacity does not match the demand for our solutions. Because we cannot immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to rapidly changing market conditions, when demand is lower than our expectations, our manufacturing capacity will likely exceed our production requirements. During an economic downturn, if we had excess manufacturing capacity, our fixed costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity would adversely affect our income, margins and operating results. By contrast, if, during a general market upturn or an upturn in our business, we cannot increase our manufacturing capacity to meet product demand, we will not be able to fulfill all orders in a timely manner, which could lead to order cancellations, contract breaches or indemnification obligations. This inability could materially and adversely limit our ability to improve our income, margins and operating results. Key customers or large orders may expose us to additional business and legal risks that could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition . As a global company, we have key customers all over the world, although no one customer makes up more than 10 percent of our revenue. Sales to those customers could be reduced or eliminated as a result of failure to respond to customer needs, reduced customer demand, increased sales to our competitors, inability to manufacture or ship products and solutions, supply chain constraints, government requirements, trade restrictions, sanctions and embargoes. We have experienced forced reductions in sales and been prevented from selling large orders to certain key customers due to trade restrictions, which we have been able to mitigate with the addition of new customers and new business. If we have future reductions in sales or lose key customers, there is no guarantee that we will be able to mitigate the impact of such reductions or losses, which could negatively impact our income, operating results and financial condition. Certain key customers have substantial purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contractual arrangements with us. These customers may demand contract terms that differ considerably from our standard terms and conditions. Large orders may also include severe contractual liabilities if we fail to provide the quantity and quality of product at the required delivery times or fail to meet other obligations. While we attempt to contractually limit our potential liability, we may agree to some or all of these provisions to secure these orders and grow our business. Such actions expose us to significant additional risks, which could result in a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. Industry consolidation and consolidation among our customer base may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results. There is potential for industry consolidation in our markets. As companies attempt to expand, strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry, companies could be acquired or may be unable to continue operations. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. Industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors and could lead to more variability in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, particularly in the communications market, rapid consolidation would lead to fewer customers, with the effect that loss of a major customer could have a material impact on results not anticipated in a customer marketplace composed of more numerous participants. Additionally, if there is consolidation among our customer base, our customers may be able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could adversely affect our profitability. If, as a result of increased leverage, customer pressures require us to reduce our pricing such that our gross margins are diminished, we could decide not to sell our solutions under such less favorable terms, which would decrease our revenue. Consolidation among our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our solutions, replacement of our products by the combined entity with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each of which could harm our operating results. Our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, internal reorganizations and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected. In the normal course of business, we may engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures. Additionally, we occasionally make changes to our internal structure to align business products, services and solutions with market demands and to obtain cost synergies and operational efficiencies. As a result of such transactions, our financial results may differ from our own or the investment community s expectations in a given fiscal quarter, or over the long-term. If market conditions or other factors lead us to change our strategic direction, we may not realize the expected value from such transactions or reorganizations. Further, such third-party transactions often have post-closing arrangements, including, but not limited to, post-closing adjustments, transition services, escrows or indemnifications, the financial results of which can be difficult to predict. Acquisitions and strategic alliances may require us to integrate a different company culture, management team, employees and business infrastructure into our existing operations without impacting the business operations of the newly acquired company. We may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and 19 Table of Contents marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a way that enhances performance and expands the markets of the newly acquired company. The acquired company may not enhance the performance of our businesses or product lines such that we do not realize the value from expected synergies. Depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, the successful integration of the entity depends on a variety of factors, including but not limited to: the achievement of anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from combining the acquired company; the scalability of production, manufacturing and marketing of products of a newly acquired company to broader adjacent markets; the ability to cohesively integrate operations, product definitions, price lists, contract terms and conditions, delivery, and technical support for products and solutions of a newly acquired company into our existing operations; the compatibility of our infrastructure, operations, policies and organizations with those of the acquired company; the retention of key employees and/or customers; the management of facilities and employees in different geographic areas; and the management of relationships with our strategic partners, suppliers, and customer base. If we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such transactions, our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be negatively impacted. Additionally, we may record significant goodwill and other assets as a result of acquisitions or investments, and we may be required to incur impairment charges, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations. Any inability to complete acquisitions on acceptable terms could negatively impact our growth rate and financial performance. Our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies and business performance. Identifying appropriate acquisition targets and closing acquisitions can be difficult for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, limited due diligence, high valuations, difficulty obtaining business and intellectual property evaluations, other interested parties, negotiations of the definitive documentation, satisfaction of closing conditions, the need to obtain antitrust or other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms, and availability of funding. The inability to close appropriate acquisitions on acceptable terms could adversely impact our growth rate, revenue, and financial performance. We may need additional financing in the future to meet our capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, and may be dilutive to existing shareholders. We may need to seek additional financing for our general corporate purposes. For example, we may need to increase our investment in R D activities or need funds to make acquisitions. We may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our expansion, successfully develop or enhance solutions or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect our business. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, our shareholders will experience dilution of their ownership interest. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to further limitations on our operations and ability to pay dividends due to restrictive covenants. We have outstanding debt and may incur other debt in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We currently have outstanding debt as well as availability to borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility. We may borrow additional amounts in the future and use the proceeds from any future borrowing for general corporate purposes, future acquisitions, expansion of our business or repurchases of our outstanding shares of common stock. Our incurrence of debt, and increases in our aggregate levels of debt, may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition by, among other things: requiring a portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments on outstanding debt; increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business; and limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry. 20 Table of Contents Our Revolving Credit Facility imposes restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to create liens on our assets and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur indebtedness, and requires us to maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. Our ability to comply with these ratios may be affected by events beyond our control. In addition, the indentures governing our senior notes contain covenants that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain liens. If we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable. Volatility in currency exchange rates could adversely impact our financial results. A substantial amount of our solutions are priced and paid for in U.S. Dollars, although many of our solutions are priced in local currencies and a significant amount of certain types of expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax and marketing expenses, are paid in local currencies and could be impacted by significant currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our hedging programs are designed to reduce, but not entirely eliminate, within any given 12-month period, the impact of currency exchange rate movements, including those caused by currency controls, which could impact our business, operating results and financial condition by resulting in lower revenue or increased expenses. However, for expenses beyond a 12-month period, our hedging strategy will not mitigate our exchange rate risk. In addition, our currency hedging programs involve third-party financial institutions as counterparties. The weakening or failure of these counterparties may adversely affect our hedging programs and our financial condition through, among other things, a reduction in the number of available counterparties, increasingly unfavorable terms or the failure of counterparties to perform under hedging contracts. We are or will be subject to ongoing tax examinations of our tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. An adverse outcome of any such audit or examination by the IRS or other tax authority could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We are or will be subject to ongoing tax examinations of our tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities in various jurisdictions. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from ongoing tax examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. These assessments can require considerable estimates and judgments. Intercompany transactions associated with the sale of inventory, services, intellectual property and cost sharing arrangements are complex and affect our tax liabilities. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions. The outcomes of these tax examinations could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Due to the complexity of tax contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax matters related to operations may result in payments greater or less than amounts accrued. Our effective tax rate may be adversely impacted by changes in our business mix or changes in the tax legislative landscape. Our effective tax rate may be adversely impacted by, among other things, changes in the mix of our earnings among countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, and changes in tax laws. We cannot give any assurance as to what our effective tax rate will be in the future because, among other things, there is uncertainty regarding the tax policies of the jurisdictions where we operate. Changes in tax laws, such as tax reform in the U.S. or changes in tax laws resulting from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s ( OECD ) multi-jurisdictional plan of action to address base erosion and profit shifting and the taxation of the Digital Economy, could impact our effective tax rate. On June 14, 2019, the U.S. Department of the Treasury ( Treasury ) issued final regulations relating to Global Intangible Low Taxed Income ( GILTI ) under IRC 951A (the tax regulations ). The tax regulations contained language which disallowed GILTI tax deductions for intangible asset amortization resulting from the Singapore restructuring completed in 2018. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, we concluded, in response to recent U.S. Supreme Court decisions on a number of relevant cases, the evolving global tax landscape and other changes in circumstances, that Treasury exceeded regulatory authority and the intangible asset amortization should be deductible. We amended our U.S. federal income tax returns for the open tax years to claim the deduction and recognized the discrete benefit in the consolidated financial statements. The Singapore intangible assets will continue to be amortized for GILTI tax purposes until 2033. We believe the position meets the more likely than not recognition threshold. On January 23, 2025, we filed a lawsuit against the United States of America in the United States Court of Federal Claims seeking a tax refund of $107 million, or such greater amount allowed by law, plus any other amount, including interest and cost, allowed by law. We intend to vigorously defend our position. The outcome cannot be predicted with certainty. If we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our refund claim, we will be required to reverse the benefit previously recorded, most likely resulting in a material increase in the effective tax rate and income tax liability. If tax laws or incentives change or cease to be in effect, our income taxes could increase significantly. We are subject to federal, state, and local taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. We devote significant resources to evaluating our tax positions and our worldwide provision for taxes. Any changes to the positions we have taken could result in an impact to our financial statements. Our financial results and tax treatment are susceptible to changes in tax, 21 Table of Contents accounting, and other laws, including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the Inflation Reduction Act and the One Big Beautiful Bill Act in the U.S, regulations, principles, and interpretations in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions where we do business. With the existence of economic and political policies that favor domestic interests, it is possible that more countries will enact tax laws that either increase the tax rates, or reduce or change the tax incentives available to multinational companies. Upon a change in tax laws in any territory where we do significant business, we may not be able to maintain our current tax rate or qualify for or maintain the benefits of any tax incentives offered, to the extent such incentives are offered. Keysight benefits from tax incentives in several jurisdictions, most significantly in Singapore and Malaysia. The Singapore tax incentive expires on July 31, 2029. The Malaysia tax incentive expired on October 31, 2025. These tax incentives provide lower rates of taxation on certain classes of income and require thresholds of investments and employment in those jurisdictions. If we cannot or do not wish to satisfy all or portions of the tax incentives conditions, we will lose the related tax incentives and could be required to refund the benefits that the tax incentives previously provided. We believe that we will satisfy such conditions, but cannot guarantee that the tax environment will not change or that such conditions will be satisfied. Our taxes could increase if the existing Malaysia and/or Singapore incentive is revoked or not renewed upon expiration. We are in the process of renewing our Malaysia tax incentive and believe that we will obtain the renewal from the taxing authorities. However, we cannot guarantee that we will be granted the Malaysian tax incentive and the timing of when we can renew our incentive rate. We also cannot guarantee that we will qualify for any new incentive regime that may exist going forward. As a result, our effective tax rate could be higher than it would have been if we had renewed or been granted renewal of the tax incentive, which could harm our operating results after tax. If we suffer a loss to our factories, facilities or distribution system due to a catastrophic event, including events caused by the effects of climate change, our operations could be significantly harmed. Our factories, facilities and distribution system are vulnerable to catastrophic loss due to natural or man-made disasters. Volatile changes in weather conditions, including extreme heat or cold, could increase the risk of wildfires, floods, blizzards, hurricanes and other weather-related disasters, which can cause power outages and network disruptions that may impact operations and our ability to manufacture and ship products, which may negatively impact revenue. In addition, several of our facilities could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by earthquake or other natural disasters due to their locations. For example, our production facilities, headquarters and laboratories in California and our production facilities in