=== MTD_2026-03-18.htm.gz ===
MTOL DEF14A false 0001037646 DEF 14A 0001037646 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO1Member 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO1Member 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001037646 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO1Member 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001037646 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO1Member 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001037646 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO1Member 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO2Member 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO2Member 2021-01-01 2021-03-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO1Member 2021-04-01 2021-12-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 mtd:PEO1Member ecd:PeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 ecd:PeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember mtd:PEO1Member 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001037646 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant o Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o CONFIDENTIAL, FOR USE OF THE COMMISSION ONLY (AS PERMITTED BY RULE 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders 2026 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 1 2026 Proxy Statement Mettler-Toledo International Inc. Im Langacher 44 8606 Greifensee Switzerland 1900 Polaris Parkway Columbus, Ohio 43240 USA March 18, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholder: You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Mettler-Toledo International Inc. to be held on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at 8:00 a.m. Please see the Secretary s notice of the meeting and the proxy statement which appear on the following pages for more details and a description of the matters to be acted upon at the meeting. We have distributed a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials instead of delivering paper copies to shareholders who have elected to receive such notice. The notice provides information about accessing the proxy materials online and describes the voting methods available to all shareholders. Shareholders receiving the notice will also have the opportunity to request a paper copy of the proxy materials through the instructions provided. To change the way you receive proxy statements in the future please make a request following the instructions in the notice or in the appropriate space on the proxy card if you received paper copies of the proxy materials. You may vote over the Internet or by telephone by following the instructions on your notice or by signing and returning a proxy card if you received paper copies of the proxy materials. Please submit your vote as soon as possible so that your vote will be counted. Sincerely yours, Roland Diggelmann Board Chair Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 2 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Page NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF ANNUAL MEETING 3 ABOUT THE MEETING AND VOTING 4 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 6 BOARD OF DIRECTORS GENERAL INFORMATION 9 BOARD OF DIRECTORS OPERATION 17 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 19 PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 21 NOMINATING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE C OMMITTEE REPORT 22 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 23 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 43 PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 44 SHARE OWNERSHIP 45 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 46 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 3 2026 Proxy Statement Mettler-Toledo International Inc. Notice to Shareholders of Annual Meeting Date Time Your Vote is Important! Thursday, May 7, 2026 8AM Eastern Time Location Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver Jacobson LLP, 535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York Who Can Vote Only shareholders of record at the close of trading on March 9, 2026 are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Annual Report A copy of our 2025 Annual Report is enclosed Date of Mailing On or about March 18, 2026 Items of Business 1. To elect nine directors 2. To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent registered public accounting firm 3. Advisory vote to approve executive compensation 4. To transact any other business properly brought before the meeting By order of the Board of Directors Michelle M. Roe Chief Legal Officer Corporate Secretary IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 7, 2026: This proxy statement and our 2025 Annual Report are available at www.mt.com/proxyonline and www.investorvote.com/MTD. Whether or not you plan to attend this Annual Meeting, please submit your vote as soon as possible. You may vote over the Internet or by telephone by following the instructions on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. You may also vote by completing and returning the proxy card if you received paper copies of the proxy materials. This proxy statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by Mettler-Toledo International Inc. on behalf of the Board of Directors for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 4 2026 Proxy Statement About the Meeting and Voting Proposals to be Voted on Shareholders will vote on the following proposals at the meeting. The board has not received proper notice of, and is not aware of, any additional business to be transacted at the meeting other than as indicated below. Proposals 1. The election of nine directors for one-year terms 2. The ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the company s independent registered public accounting firm 3. Advisory vote to approve executive compensation We know of no other matter to be brought before the annual meeting. If other matters requiring a vote of the shareholders come before the meeting, it is the intention of the persons named in the proxy to vote the proxies with respect to those matters in accordance with their reasonable judgment. Shareholders Entitled to Vote Each share of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on March 9, 2026 (the record date ) is entitled to one vote at the annual meeting on each matter properly brought before the meeting. As of the record date, 20,248,505 shares of common stock were outstanding. A quorum needs to be present at the meeting in order to hold the meeting. A quorum is a majority of the company s outstanding shares of common stock as of the record date. Your shares are counted as present at the meeting if you attend the meeting and vote in person, vote by Internet, vote by telephone, or properly return a proxy card by mail. If you do not provide a proxy or vote the shares yourself, your shares will not be voted. Proxies that are signed and returned but do not contain instructions will be voted FOR proposals one, two, and three. How to Vote BY PROXY You may vote your shares by proxy. If you vote your shares by proxy, you are legally designating another person to vote your shares in accordance with your instructions. To vote by proxy, complete, sign, and return the enclosed proxy card by mail as described on your proxy card. Alternatively, you may vote over the Internet or by telephone by following the instructions on your proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. AT THE MEETING You may vote your shares by attending the meeting and voting your shares in person. The meeting is being held at the offices of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver Jacobson LLP at the address indicated in the Notice to Shareholders. Even if you plan to attend the meeting, we encourage you to vote your shares by proxy. This will enable us to receive votes in advance of the meeting to ensure that a quorum is present for the meeting. If you vote by proxy and subsequently decide to change your vote, you may revoke your proxy at any time before the polls close at the meeting. However, you may only do this by signing another proxy with a later date, completing a written notice of revocation and returning it to the address on the proxy card before the meeting, or voting in person at the meeting. Vote Tabulation; Voting Results The company appoints an independent inspector of election, who also tabulates the voting results. The meeting s voting results will be disclosed promptly following the meeting in a Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 5 2026 Proxy Statement Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes Abstentions and broker non-votes will be treated as shares that are present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at the meeting. However, abstentions and broker non-votes do not constitute a vote for or against any matter and thus will be disregarded in any calculation of votes cast, but will have the effect of a negative vote if an item requires the approval of a majority of a quorum or of a specified proportion of all issued and outstanding shares. Brokers holding shares of record for customers are generally not entitled to vote on non-routine matters unless they receive voting instructions from their customers. A broker non-vote occurs when a broker does not receive such instructions. The only routine matter presented to the shareholders at the annual meeting is the ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent registered public accounting firm. As a result, if you do not vote your shares, your broker has the authority to vote on your behalf with respect to that proposal but not on any other matter presented to shareholders. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 6 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors The nominees for the Board of Directors are listed below. If elected, each nominee will hold office until next year s annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. All nominees are currently directors. The Board of Directors has no reason to believe any nominee would be unable or unwilling to serve if elected. In the event a nominee is unable to serve, the persons designated as proxyholders for the company will vote for the remaining nominees and for such other persons the Board of Directors may nominate. A director is elected if a majority of the votes cast with respect to the director are voted FOR. However, if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, a director is elected by the affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast. Votes cast shall include votes for or against a director. An abstention shall not count as a vote cast with respect to a director. If a majority fails to reelect an incumbent director when a majority vote is required, he or she shall continue to serve until the next annual meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected; or until the Board of Directors accepts his or her resignation, which the director must tender, or removes him or her, if earlier. If the Board of Directors accepts an incumbent director s resignation, or if a non-incumbent nominee for director is not elected, the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may fill any resulting vacancy, or may decrease the size of the Board of Directors, in each case pursuant to the provisions of Sections 1 and 2 of Article II of the company s by-laws. Qualifications of Director Nominees The members of our Board of Directors have had diverse backgrounds and experiences during the course of their careers. These individual backgrounds and experiences better enable the board to perform its duties. Roland Diggelmann is 58 years old and has been a director since August 2022 and Board Chair since May 2024. He most recently served as the Chief Executive Officer of Smith Nephew Plc from 2019-2022. Prior to this role, he was CEO of Roche Diagnostics from 2012 to 2018 and managing director of the Asia Pacific region from 2008 to 2012. Earlier in his career, Mr. Diggelmann served in various senior management roles at Zimmer Holdings, Centerpulse, and Sulzer Medica. He is a Director and serves as Chair of the Nomination and Compensation Committee at Sonova Holding AG, and is a Swiss citizen. Mr. Diggelmann brings over 10 years of executive experience serving customers in the pharma/life science industry, a key end market for our company. His experience as a CEO of multinational companies, his extensive international expertise, as well as his knowledge as a public company director will provide valuable insights. Domitille Doat-Le Bigot is 53 years old and has been a director since February 2020. She serves as Chair of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee. She has a Master s in Business Administration from the ESSEC Business School and the Melbourne Business School. She is the Operating Partner in Technology, AI Acceleration and Data for the portfolio of Eurazeo LBO Strategies. From April 2024 until 2026, Ms. Doat-Le Bigot served as Chief Digital and Information Officer and a member of the Partners Committee at Eurazeo. She joined Eurazeo in April 2021 as its Chief Digital Officer. She is currently a member of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee at Gaztransport Technigaz (GTT) and was a member of the board at Carlsberg Group until 2020. Prior to her joining Eurazeo, Ms. Doat-Le Bigot served as Chief Digital Officer at Danone from 2016 to 2021, and from 2014 to 2016 she served as Deputy General Manager and Head of Technology and Data in Shanghai and Paris at Fred Farid Group, an international independent digital agency. Prior to 2014 she served in creative management and digital production and design positions at Cisco and Ubisoft Entertainment. Ms. Doat-Le Bigot has extensive professional experience in digital, data, and cybersecurity strategies and transformation, working for a wide range of companies across four continents. We benefit from her subject matter expertise with data-driven, interactive strategies, and her broad international experience. Elisha W. Finney is 64 years old and has been a director since November 2017. She serves as Chair of the Audit Committee. She has a Bachelor s of Business Administration in Risk Management and Insurance from the University of Georgia, and a Master s in Business Administration from Golden Gate University. Ms. Finney is a Director at ICU Medical, Inc. and Viatris Inc, where she is a member of the Audit Committee for both companies. She previously was a Director of Cutera, Inc. until June 2019, iRobot Corporation until November 2021, and NanoString Technologies, Inc. until June 2024. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 7 2026 Proxy Statement Ms. Finney was the Chief Financial Officer of Varian Medical Systems Inc. from 1999 until her retirement in June 2017. She joined Varian in 1988 and served in a variety of finance roles prior to her appointment as CFO. Ms. Finney is an experienced CFO. Under her financial leadership, Varian achieved and sustained decades-long growth in revenues and profitability. She also has significant leadership and corporate governance experience from her time at Varian, and her service on other boards of directors. Pablo Perversi is 55 years old and has been a director since November 2025. Effective May 7, 2026, he will join the Audit Committee. He is President of EMEA at Danone, a leading global food and beverage company, and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to his current role, he served as Danone s Europe Zone President from 2023 to 2025, and the Chief Innovation, Quality, and Sustainability Officer and President of Gourmet Division for Barry Callebaut from 2017 to 2022. Before that, he held various roles of increasing responsibility at Unilever from 1993 to 2017, his last position there being Vice President of Foods Europe. Mr. Perversi is a very accomplished leader of global organizations in the food industry, an important market for our company. His wealth of experience from over 30 years of leadership at branded food companies across Europe, Latin America, and Asia will provide valuable perspectives to our business. Thomas P. Salice is 66 years old and has been a director since October 1996. He serves as Chair of the Compensation Committee and serves on the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee. He has a Master s in Business Administration from Harvard University. Mr. Salice is a co-founder, principal, and Managing Member of SFW Capital Partners, LLC. Mr. Salice was a Director of Waters Corporation until July 2022, and he is currently a Director of the privately-held companies Caron Products and Services Inc., Gerson Lehrman Group, Inc., Pion Inc., and RDI Technologies. Mr. Salice has been a Managing Member of SFW Capital Partners since January 2005. From June 1989 to December 2004, he served in a variety of capacities with AEA Investors, Inc., including Managing Director, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Vice-Chair. Mr. Salice has more than 35 years of experience in the financial industry, including as an investor in the analytical tools sectors and related service businesses, which has given him extensive operational, industry, and strategic knowledge in key company business areas. Mr. Salice has in-depth experience in strategic planning, corporate finance, investor relations, mergers and acquisitions, and other areas that are relevant to the board. Brian Shepherd is 60 years old and has been a director since July 2024. He currently serves on the Audit Committee. Effective May 7, 2026, he will rotate off the Audit Committee and join the Compensation Committee. Mr. Shepherd most recently served as the Senior Vice President, Software and Control, of Rockwell Automation, Inc. fro m February 2021 through June 2024. Prior to this role, he was Division President, Production Software and Smart Factory, for Hexagon from 2017 to 2020. Mr. Shepherd previously held a variety of senior leadership roles at PTC Inc. over the course of his twenty-year tenure with the company, including as Executive Vice President and General Manager, Enterprise Segments, and Executive Vice President, Product Development. Mr. Shepherd brings many years of broad leadership experience as an executive serving the industrial automation industry, a very important growth domain for the company. His experience using data and analytics to drive business value and his expertise in defining and executing strategies to advance Smart Factory and SaaS solutions will provide valuable perspectives to our business. Michael J. Tokich is 57 years old and has been a director since February 2026. He serves on the Audit Committee. Since August 2025, Mr. Tokich serves as the Senior Financial Advisor at STERIS plc, a leading global healthcare and life science provider of products and services. Prior to his current role, Mr. Tokich most recently served STERIS as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Tokich joined STERIS in 2000 and held various senior financial roles prior to his appointment as CFO in 2008. Mr. Tokich has over 20 years of experience as a senior financial leader at a U.S. public company. In addition to his financial expertise, Mr. Tokich has operational and IT experience that bring valuable insights to our business. Wolfgang Wienand is 54 years old and has been a director since November 2023. He serves on the Compensation Committee. Since July 2024, he is the Chief Executive Officer of Lonza Group Ltd., the world s largest contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) for the pharmaceutical industry. He studied chemistry at the University of Bonn and subsequently obtained a Ph.D. in organic and bioorganic chemistry from the University of Cologne. In addition, he holds an Executive Master s Degree in International Finance of cole des hautes tudes commerciales HEC Paris. From January 2019 until March 2024, Dr. Wienand served as CEO of Siegfried Holding AG, a globally leading CDMO for the pharmaceutical industry. He joined Siegfried in 2010, initially as Chief Scientific Officer, then as Chief Strategy Officer, before becoming CEO. Prior to Siegfried, Dr. Wienand held senior management positions at Evonik Industries AG, a leading global specialty chemicals company. Dr. Wienand served as a non-executive board member for SCHOTT Pharma until December 2024. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 8 2026 Proxy Statement Dr. Wienand brings highly relevant experience as the CEO of a successful services provider to the pharmaceutical industry, a key end market for the company. His significant experience as CEO and leading global strategy and innovation, process development, and manufacturing provide valuable perspectives to our business. Ingrid Zhang is 53 years old and has been a director since February 2023. She serves on the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee. She is currently the Chief Commercial Officer, International, at Novartis. Prior to this role she was President and Managing Director of Novartis China from October 2023 to May 2024, President of China, Innovative Medicines at Novartis, from 2022 to October 2023, President Novartis Pharmaceuticals China from 2017 to 2022, and held several other leadership positions with increasing responsibilities at Novartis since 2011. Prior to Novartis, Ms. Zhang held various senior management roles with AstraZeneca, Pfizer, and McKinsey Company. Ms. Zhang is a very accomplished business leader and brings extensive knowledge from her experience in the pharmaceutical industry, an important market for our company. Her expertise in developing effective strategies to navigate the dynamic Chinese market provides valuable insights. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of the directors listed above. Proxies will be voted FOR each nominee unless otherwise specified in the proxy. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 9 2026 Proxy Statement Board of Directors General Information Board Structure; Board Leadership Structure The company s by-laws require the Board of Directors to consist of between five and ten directors. As of the annual meeting, the number of directors will be fixed at nine, consisting of an independent, non-executive Board Chair, and eight other independent directors. Each director holds a one-year term until the next annual meeting of shareholders. The board has three committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee. The primary tasks of the board include oversight of the company s strategy and governance matters, review of the company s financial matters, and evaluation of how the company executes against targets. Management s tasks include setting strategy and running the company s operations. The Board Chair functions as an important liaison between management and the board, helping ensure the board fulfills its oversight responsibilities. Though the Board Chair is independent, the board also has established a lead director (the Lead Director) who assists the Board Chair as needed and oversees all meetings of directors at which the Board Chair is not present. Mr. Salice currently serves as the Lead Director. Corporate Governance Highlights; Corporate Governance Guidelines We recognize the importance of a good framework for sound, long-term oriented governance. We generally align our corporate governance with the best practice principles set out in the Commonsense Principles of Corporate Governance (Commonsense Principles 2.0). We highlight our following best practices with regard to governance: Governance Highlights: 100% of the board is independent Separate Non-Executive Board Chair and CEO roles Lead Director to assist with board governance responsibilities Board Chair does not serve on any board committees Independent Audit, Compensation, and Nominating Corporate Governance Committees Regular executive sessions of board members, without management present Annual board and committee self-evaluation Policy limiting directorships Proxy access Annual director elections Mandatory director retirement at age 72 Regular director refreshment Majority voting in uncontested elections No poison pill in effect Stock ownership guidelines for directors Multiple avenues for shareholders to communicate with the board Board oversight of strong ethics program and annual publication of Corporate Responsibility Report The board has established corporate governance guidelines that contribute to the overall operating framework of the board and the company. These guidelines cover topics including director qualifications, the director nomination process, the responsibilities of directors (including with respect to leadership development and management succession), meetings of non-management directors, and director compensation. The guidelines are available on the company s website at www.mt.com under About Us / Investor Relations / Corporate Governance and are available in print to any shareholder who requests them. Shareholders may request copies free of charge from Investor Relations, Mettler-Toledo International Inc., 1900 Polaris Parkway, Columbus, OH 43240, USA, telephone +1 614 438 4794. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 10 2026 Proxy Statement Responsibility of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight Generally The Board of Directors plays a critical role in the oversight of risks, such as those related to sustainability topics, cybersecurity, and artificial intelligence (AI). The board is involved in the oversight of the company s risk management process, as follows. Each year, under the direction and supervision of the company s Chief Financial Officer, the company conducts a comprehensive enterprise risk assessment, which includes details of the company s management of enterprise-wide risk topics, also covering risks related to sustainability topics, cybersecurity, and AI. The Board of Directors receives the full results of the annual enterprise risk assessment, including an evaluation of the risks presented and a detailed description of the actions taken by the company to mitigate these risks. The Audit Committee reviews the results of the enterprise risk assessment in detail with management on an annual basis and reports on its review to the Board of Directors each year. The company operates an ethics and compliance program to reinforce performance with integrity and compliance with the company s code of conduct and relevant laws and regulation. As part of the board s risk oversight responsibilities, the company provides a comprehensive update to the board on an annual basis on the ethics and compliance program and presents an annual certification update to the Audit Committee on business ethics and compliance. The company s code of conduct governs all actions of the company s Board of Directors, executive officers, and employees. The board did not approve any waiver of the code of conduct by an executive officer or director in 2025. A copy of the code of conduct is available at www.mt.com under About Us / Investor Relations / Corporate Governance and is available in print to any shareholder who requests it. In its risk oversight role, the board also oversees the company s management of its cybersecurity and AI governance programs. The company provides a comprehensive update to the board on cybersecurity (and other important information security topics) and AI, respectively, at least annually and also as part of the annual enterprise risk assessment described above. The company also provides the board additional updates on these topics, as relevant. The company has active cybersecurity programs, and we have adopted the NIST Cybersecurity Framework and meet the controls requirements set forth in the ISO 27001:2022 standard for core corporate IT processes and systems and also for our China Business Units. We undertake annual audits from certified third parties, as well as qualified external penetration assessment firms, to ensure proper and effective application of security control. For our product development lifecycle processes, our cybersecurity management system is IEC 62443-4-1 certified, which addresses security for operational technology (OT) in general and is also specific to industrial automation and control systems. Our programs also include cybersecurity practice drills, mandatory quarterly cybersecurity trainings for all employees, employee email phishing tests, technical security controls, enhanced data protection, and the maintenance of backup and protective systems. The company maintains an internal AI risk board, comprised solely of company employees who are internal subject matter experts in legal, compliance, IT, and cybersecurity. The AI risk board drafts AI-related policies and procedures, evaluates AI projects, and advises on the company s implementation of approved projects. The AI risk board is overseen by the AI Steering Committee, which includes the Chief Information Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Division Heads, and the Head of Sales and Marketing, all of whom report directly to the Chief Executive Officer. Director Domitille Doat-Le Bigot provides valuable expertise and insights related to cybersecurity in her role on the Board of Directors. In her role as Chief Digital and Information Officer of Eurazeo, Ms. Doat-Le Bigot oversaw cybersecurity matters, including management of a team responsible for IT and cyber-related topics such as SOC implementations, training, audits, remediation plans, insurance, and infrastructure investment. Ms. Doat-Le Bigot also has deep knowledge with regard to ISO 27001 certifications. She has earned a professional certificate in cybersecurity from IBM, which requires annual re-certifications. Ms. Doat-Le Bigot also is a Global Information Assurance Certification ( GIAC ) Certified Incident Handler ( GCIH ), related to a variety of critical information security topics. Ms. Doat-Le Bigot s knowledge and experience provide valuable perspectives related to the board s oversight of cybersecurity risk management topics. Director Brian Shepherd, over the course of his approximately thirty years of professional experience, has gained significant industry and technology expertise related to a broad range of product-related cybersecurity and AI topics. Mr. Shepherd served as Senior Vice President, Software and Control, for Rockwell Automation, Inc.; Division President, Production Software and Smart Factory, for Hexagon; and in various senior leadership roles at PTC Inc., including as Executive Vice President and General Manager, Enterprise Segments, and Executive Vice President, Product Development. In his previous senior management positions, Mr. Shepherd has been re sponsible for the development, delivery, support, and governance of technology-based hardware and embedded, on-premise, and cloud software products via the use of secure development approaches across the lifecycle including the NIST CSF 2 framework and SOC 2 Type 2 certification. He was also responsible for many product offerings that included AI-related capabilities, including data analytics, anomaly detection, Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 11 2026 Proxy Statement machine learning, and data optimization. Mr. Shepherd brings valuable experience and insights to our Board related to these areas of product-related cybersecurity and AI expertise. The company also operates a sustainability program, GreenMT, which is described in more detail in the following section on the Responsibility of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight Related to Sustainability Topics. The Board of Directors is knowledgeable about the content and operation of each of the above-described company programs so as to exercise reasonable oversight regarding the implementation and effectiveness of these programs. Responsibility of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight Related to Sustainability Topics The company operates a sustainability program, GreenMT, which seeks to keep its operations sustainable over the long-term, help customers to be sustainable in their businesses, promote global best practices within its supply chain, attract, develop and retain the best employees, and champion good governance practices. For more information about GreenMT or to access a copy of our most recent Corporate Responsibility Report, please visit www.mt.com under About Us / Sustainability. The Board of Directors exercises oversight of the company s management of sustainability matters, and the board continues to stay apprised as to new and ongoing sustainability developments, including on climate topics. Sustainability updates are a periodic agenda item throughout the year at board and committee meetings, and members of management provide periodic updates to the board and committee members at these meetings. Each board committee additionally reviews sustainability topics on a frequent basis. As described in the previous section related to the role of the board in risk oversight generally, the company s annual enterprise risk assessment addresses sustainability-related risks. The board also conducts regular shareholder engagement on sustainability topics. The company s sustainability efforts are positively recognized by the industry s most respected ratings agencies. Given the importance of sustainability topics, oversight responsibility of the company s sustainability strategy rests with the full board and is not delegated to a committee. The CEO and members of senior management have direct responsibilities related to sustainability matters. The structure of board and senior management oversight of sustainability topics at the company is set forth below: Board of Directors Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Chief Executive Of cer Representative Topics See our Corporate Responsibility Report at www.mt.com/sustainability for more details. Environmental Pillar Social Pillar Governance Pillar Efficient Use of Resources Keep our operations sustainable over the long-term Responsible Supply Chain Promote global best practices within our supply chain Good Corporate Governance Champion good governance practices Sustainable Product Services Support our customers sustainability goals Engaged Employees Attract, develop, and retain the best employees Management Team Senior management with direct responsibilities related to sustainability matters. Head of Sustainability Heads of Divisions Head of Global Supply Chain Heads of Market Organizations Head of Sustainability Chief Human Resources Officer Head of Global Supply Chain Heads of Divisions Heads of Market Organizations Head of Sustainability Chief Legal Officer Corporate Secretary Chief Financial Officer Each of the three board committees has various responsibilities to assist the board in its sustainability oversight role, as follows: The Compensation Committee assists the board in reviewing and monitoring the compensation of the leadership team, such as the annual cash incentive program, which includes comprehensive and specific performance targets related to important sustainability Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 12 2026 Proxy Statement topics. For more information, please see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, in the section titled Compensation Program Elements Annual Cash Incentive. The Audit Committee assists the board with oversight of the company s performance of the enterprise risk assessment, including the company s management and mitigation of potential risks, such as those related to sustainability topics. For example, the Audit Committee oversees Internal Audit s review of data and processes related to the company s emission reduction targets. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee assists the board in reviewing and evaluating policies, practices, and initiatives of the board and the company (in the board s oversight role, for the latter), with respect to certain sustainability initiatives, including workforce inclusion objectives. Compensation-Related Risk Management and the Compensation Committee have evaluated the company s compensation programs generally at different levels throughout the organization. Among other things, we considered that for executives who have the largest potential incentive compensation, a significant portion of total compensation is comprised of stock options that vest over five years and have a ten-year life, which drives emphasis on long-term performance. We also considered the applicability of the various situations described in Item 402(s) of Regulation S-K. We concluded from our evaluation that risks arising from our compensation policies and practices for our employees are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the company. Related Party Transactions During 2025, the company did not engage in any related party transactions involving directors or the company s officers, or affiliates of directors or the company s officers. The board has established a written policy that requires disinterested members of the Audit Committee to review and approve all related party transactions between the company and directors or officers, or affiliates of directors or officers. Disinterested members of the Audit Committee will approve only those transactions that it determines in its business judgment are fair and reasonable to the company and in (or not inconsistent with) the best interests of the company and its shareholders, and that do not impact the related party s independence. Board Composition; Director Qualifications Our company employs people of approximately 100 nationalities, reflecting the global diversity of our business. We sell our products in more than 140 countries, and we have a direct presence in approximately 40 countries. We have representation on our board from several different countries located within the Americas, Asia, and Europe, which reflects the diversity of the communities in which we operate as a multinational corporation with a significant global presence. Members of the Board of Directors must demonstrate integrity, dedication, reliability, knowledge of corporate affairs, a general understanding of the company s business, and an ability to work well together, and represent a variety of skills, experiences, expertise, industry knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives. We provide additional details in the Director Qualifications section of our corporate governance guidelines available at www.mt.com under About Us / Investor Relations / Corporate Governance. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee evaluates current and prospective directors according to a skills and experience competency matrix to ensure that the board has an appropriate mix of relevant skills and experience. The matrix includes criteria relating to categories such as executive management expertise, industry-specific know-how, strategic thinking (including M A), international/regional experiences, technology and product development (hardware and software), digital expertise, IT expertise, financial expertise, sales/marketing expertise, service expertise, HR expertise, and expertise in legal, regulatory, compliance, and corporate governance. The members of our board provide valuable insights and perspectives given their different areas of expertise, which they have gained from each of their diverse backgrounds and experiences as more fully described in the Qualifications of Director Nominees section of this Proxy Statement. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee evaluates each board member against the criteria in the skills and experience competency matrix. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee uses this information, including when they identify potential gaps, to help inform profiles for new di rector searches. Board Skills and Experience Our Board of Directors is committed to periodically reviewing its composition to ensure that a variety of skills, experience, and tenure are represented. As previously set forth herein, our current and prospective directors are evaluated according to a skills and experience competency matrix to ensure that the board has an appropriate mix of relevant skills and experience. The matrix includes criteria relating to categories such as executive management expertise, industry-specific know-how, strategic thinking (including M A), international/regional experiences, technology and product development (hardware and software), digital expertise, IT expertise, financial expertise, sales/marketing expertise, service expertise, HR expertise, and expertise in legal, regulatory, compliance, and corporate governance. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 13 2026 Proxy Statement METTLER TOLEDO Board of Directors 2026 Demographics Matrix: Diggelmann Doat-Le Bigot Finney Perversi Salice Shepherd Tokich Wienand Zhang Average Age 58 53 64 55 66 60 57 54 53 58 Tenure (years)* 4 6 8 1 28 2 1 2 3 6 Gender Female Male Committee Member** Audit Chair Nominating Chair Compensation Chair Independent National Origin Switzerland France United States Argentina United States United States United States Germany China * Tenure rounded to nearest whole number. ** Committee composition as of May 7, 2026. Independence of the Board The board uses the following criteria in evaluating independence: (i) independence under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange; and (ii) no relationships with the company (other than as a director or shareholder) or only immaterial relationships. The independence criteria are contained in the company s corporate governance guidelines. The board solicits information from directors as to any relationship the director or his/her immediate family member has with the company that might affect the director s independence. The Board of Directors has determined that the following types of relationships are categorically immaterial: Commercial business relationships where METTLER TOLEDO buys from or sells to companies where directors serve as employees, or where their immediate family members serve as executive officers, and where the annual purchases or sales are less than the greater of $1 million or 2% of either company s consolidated gross revenues. In light of these criteria, the board has determined that all nominees for director are independent. Executive Sessions of Directors The board schedules regular executive sessions, typically as part of each board meeting, and company management is not present during these executive sessions. As appropriate, the Board Chair or the Lead Director leads the executive sessions. Director Attendance at Board Meetings and the Annual Meeting The board expects that its members will attend all meetings of the board and the annual meeting of shareholders. The Board of Directors met four times in 2025. Each director attended 100% of all board and committee meetings for which the director was a member. All directors, except Messrs. Perversi and Tokich, who were not yet directors, attended the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. Policy Limiting Director Service on Other Public Company Boards; Director Resignation The board has adopted a policy that directors may not serve on more than four public company boards. The board also has a policy that directors will offer their resignation upon a change in professional position or in circumstances that might affect a director s ability to serve on the board. In such circumstances, the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee takes the lead on determining the appropriate course of action. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 14 2026 Proxy Statement Director Competencies; Self-Evaluation; Board Refreshment; Director Retirement Policy The board has developed the skills and experience competency matrix described above to identify relevant skills and help determine to what extent directors possess needed skills. Each year, the board conducts a self-evaluation in which each individual director completes a self-evaluation with respect to the board and its committees. The Board Chair then holds an individual discussion with each director. The full board then reviews the consolidated results of the self-evaluation. The board recognizes the importance of periodic board refreshment and maintains an appropriate balance of age, tenure, skills, knowledge, experience, backgrounds, and perspectives on the board. As a result, the Board of Directors has adopted a policy pursuant to which directors will not stand for re-election at the annual meeting that follows their 72 nd birthday. Two-thirds of the board has been refreshed in recent years. Director Share Ownership The company s equity ownership guidelines call for non-employee directors to hold company shares with a value equal to five times their cash retainer within five years of their appointment to the board. All directors currently comply with the ownership guidelines. Additional information provided in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis Equity Ownership Guidelines, applies to director share ownership. Contacting the Board of Directors Interested parties, including shareholders, may contact the Board of Directors, the Board Chair, or Lead Director individually, or the directors as a group via: EMAIL to LeadDirector@mt.com; or REGULAR MAIL to Mettler-Toledo International Inc., 1900 Polaris Parkway, Columbus, Ohio 43240, Attention: Lead Director. Director Compensation Directors (except for the Board Chair, Mr. Diggelmann, whose compensation is described separately below) are compensated by an annual cash retainer and committee member fees. Directors are reimbursed for traveling costs and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending board and committee meetings. Directors also receive an annual stock option grant and a grant of stock. All directors, except the Board Chair whose restriction is discussed separately below, are required to retain the shares received from a grant of stock for two years following the date of grant, beginning with grants made in November 2024. The following provides an overview of the elements of 2025 director compensation: Annual cash retainer $ 90,000 Annual grant of stock options approximate value $ 90,000 Annual grant of stock approximate value $ 90,000 Annual grant of stock to the Lead Director approximate value $ 40,000 Committee member fees: Audit $ 10,000 Compensation $ 10,000 Nominating Corporate Governance $ 10,000 Committee Chair fees: Audit $ 25,000 Compensation $ 25,000 Nominating Corporate Governance $ 25,000 As Board Chair, in 2025 Mr. Diggelmann received an annual cash retainer, a grant of stock options, and a grant of stock. For 2025, his annual cash retainer was increased to $303,650, effective May 2025. His grants of stock options and stock, each awarded in November 2025, each have grant date approximate values of $227,500. The Board Chair is required to retain the shares received from the grant of stock for three years following the date of grant. Mr. Diggelmann s compensation was specifically structured to appropriately and competitively recognize and reward the substantial contributions he makes to the company and its shareholders. He brings over 10 years of executive experience serving customers in the pharma/life science industry, a key end market for our company. Mr. Diggelmann s experience as a CEO of multinational companies, his Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 15 2026 Proxy Statement extensive international expertise, as well as his knowledge as a public company director provide valuable insights to the company. He has a strong technical background and experience with innovation-driven companies, and he has broad international experience across industries and businesses relevant to the company, including by virtue of his service on other boards of directors. Mr. Diggelmann devotes a substantial amount of his time to his service as Board Chair. Mr. Diggelmann s duties and responsibilities are extensive and include, but are not limited to, the following: Board and committee operations, including coordinating meeting agendas and topics with management and committee chairs; contribution to several committees; developing the board s skills and experience competency matrix; and conducting board evaluations and new director recruitment; CEO interactions, including serving as an advisor to the CEO on key strategic and operational matters; and Third-party interactions, encompassing responses to shareholder inquiries and requests on corporate governance and other sustainability topics as well as supporting M A activities upon request from the CEO. The Compensati on Committee s independent compensation consultant, Pearl Meyer Partners, benchmarked the Board Chair s compensation relative to comparably sized and situated companies in Switzerland and found the Board Chair s compensation to be competitive and reasonable in relation to Mr. Diggelmann s scope of duties and responsibilities. Actual amounts paid to each director with respect to 2025 are set out in the following table. 2025 Director Compensation Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards (1) Option Awards (1) Total Roland Diggelmann $ 297,559 $ 226,874 $ 228,526 $ 752,959 Domitille Doat-Le Bigot 108,736 91,039 90,296 290,071 Elisha W. Finney 115,000 91,039 90,296 296,335 Richard Francis 34,918 0 0 34,918 Michael A. Kelly 110,000 91,039 90,296 291,335 Pablo Perversi 13,696 91,039 90,296 195,031 Thomas P. Salice 131,264 131,500 90,296 353,060 Brian Shepherd 97,500 91,039 90,296 278,835 Wolfgang Wienand 100,000 91,039 90,296 281,335 Ingrid Zhang 100,000 91,039 90,296 281,335 (1) Represents the grant date fair value of stock awards and option awards, respectively, computed in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation ( ASC 718 ). The valuation assumptions associated with such awards are discussed in Note 12 to the company s consolidated financial statements included in the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. The Board Chair must retain stock awards for three years following the date of grant. All other directors must retain stock awards for two years following the date of grant. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 16 2026 Proxy Statement At December 31, 2025, each director held stock options (vested and unvested) with respect to the following number of shares: Stock Options (#) Roland Diggelmann 1,318 Domitille Doat-Le Bigot 1,356 Elisha W. Finney 1,814 Richard Francis 222 Michael A. Kelly 3,596 Pablo Perversi 162 Thomas P. Salice 3,596 Brian Shepherd 344 Wolfgang Wienand 594 Ingrid Zhang 734 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 17 2026 Proxy Statement Board of Directors Operation The Board of Directors has three committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee has the authority to engage advisors or consultants as it deems appropriate to carry out its responsibilities. The membership and meetings of the committees are described in the following table. Name Audit (1) Compensation (2) Nominating Corporate Governance (3) Domitille Doat-Le Bigot X Elisha W. Finney X Richard Francis X Michael A. Kelly X X Thomas P. Salice X X Brian Shepherd X Wolfgang Wienand X X Ingrid Zhang X Total meetings in 2025 4 5 4 (1) Ms. Finney is considered a financial expert as determined by the Board of Directors pursuant to the relevant SEC definition, and all Audit Committee members are independent and financially literate. Dr. Wienand served on the Audit Committee until February 6, 2025. Our Chief Financial Officer, Board Chair, Chief Executive Officer, Head of Internal Audit, and Chief Legal Officer attend Audit Committee meetings at the request of the Audit Committee and give reports to and answer inquiries from the Audit Committee. Mr. Kelly will serve on the Audit Committee through the end of his current term on May 7, 2026. The Board of Directors appointed Mr. Michael J. Tokich to the Audit Committee, effective February 9, 2026. Mr. Tokich is independent and considered a financial expert as determined by the Board of Directors pursuant to the relevant SEC definition. Mr. Shepherd will rotate off of the Audit Committee, effective May 7, 2026. The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Pablo Perversi to the Audit Committee, effective May 7, 2026. Mr. Perversi is independent and financially literate. (2) All Compensation Committee members are independent. Mr. Francis served on the Compensation Committee until May 1, 2025. Mr. Kelly will serve on the Compensation Committee through May 6, 2026, the end of his current term. The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Shepherd to the Compensation Committee, effective May 7, 2026. (3) All Nominating Corporate Governance Committee members are independent. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 18 2026 Proxy Statement Committee Charters Each committee of the Board of Directors has a written charter setting forth the responsibilities of the committee in detail. The charters are reviewed annually and updated as necessary to comply with relevant regulations. The committee charters can be found on the company s website at www.mt.com under About Us / Investor Relations / Corporate Governance and are available free of charge in print to any shareholder who requests them. The primary functions of the committees are as follows: Audit Compensation Nominating Corporate Governance Oversees the accounting and financial reporting process of the company Discharges the responsibilities of the company s Board of Directors relating to compensation of the company s executives Identifies, screens, and recommends qualified candidates to serve as directors of the company Assists with board oversight of the integrity of the company s consolidated financial statements, and the sufficiency of the independent registered public accounting firm s review of the company s consolidated financial statements Reviews and monitors compensation arrangements so that the company continues to retain, attract, and motivate quality employees Develops and recommends to the board corporate governance guidelines applicable to the company Assists with board oversight of the performance of the company s internal audit function Reviews an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in the company s proxy statement Advises the board on the structure and membership of committees of the board Oversees the appointment, engagement, and performance of the company s independent registered public accounting firm Reviews the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in the company s proxy statement Reviews and evaluates polices, practices, and initiatives of the board and the company (in the board s oversight role, for the latter), with respect to certain sustainability topics, including workforce inclusion objectives Assists with board oversight of the company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and of the enterprise risk assessment, which addresses topics, among others, such as those related to sustainability and cybersecurity Reviews and monitors the compensation of the leadership team, such as the annual cash incentive program, which includes performance targets related to sustainability Leads the board in its annual review of the board s performance Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 19 2026 Proxy Statement Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee assists the board in overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of the company and audits of the consolidated financial statements of the company. The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a written charter, a copy of which can be found on the company s website at www.mt.com under About Us / Investor Relations / Corporate Governance. In discharging its oversight role, the Audit Committee discussed the audited consolidated financial statements contained in the 2025 annual report separately with the company s independent registered public accounting firm and the company s management and reviewed the company s internal controls and financial reporting. The company s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), is responsible for auditing the company s consolidated financial statements as well as the company s internal control over financial reporting. PwC issues an integrated audit report that includes opinions as to (1) whether the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of the company and its subsidiaries in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and (2) whether the company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting. Audited Consolidated Financial Statements In reviewing the company s audited consolidated financial statements with PwC, the Audit Committee discussed the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, including Auditing Standard Section 1301, and the Securities and Exchange Commission, as amended, and other matters including, without limitation: Understanding the terms of the audit, including the objectives of the audit and the related responsibilities of both PwC and management; PwC s responsibilities under PCAOB Standards and related rules, including the nature, scope, and results of their audits; The written disclosures and confirming letter from PwC regarding their independence required under relevant Public Company Accounting Oversight Board rules; Certain matters regarding the company s accounting policies, practices, and critical accounting estimates; The auditor s evaluation of the quality of the company s financial reporting; Information related to significant unusual transactions, as applicable, including the business rationale for such transactions; An overview of the overall audit strategy, including timing of the audit, significant risks the auditor identified, and significant changes to the planned audit strategy or identified risks; Any material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal controls over financial reporting; and The extent of any significant accounting adjustments. In reviewing the company s audited consolidated financial statements with the company s management, the Audit Committee discussed several of the same topics listed above with management, including, without limitation, the process used by management in formulating accounting estimates and the reasonableness of those estimates. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors, and the board approved, that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 20 2026 Proxy Statement Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees Audit Fees Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees All Other Fees 2025 $4,556,550 $53,100 $452,300 $2,000 2024 $4,373,325 $151,200 $260,765 $2,000 Audit Fees Represents fees for (i) the audit of the annual consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, (ii) review of consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and (iii) audit services provided in connection with statutory audits and certain regulatory filings. Audit-Related Fees For 2025 and 2024, represents fees for employee benefit plan audits and attestation services related to financial reporting. Tax Fees Represents fees for tax consultation and compliance-related services. Other Fees Represents fees for software licenses for technical financial accounting and reporting application. The Audit Committee has determined that PwC s provision of the services included in the categories Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees, and Other Fees is compatible with PwC maintaining its independence. All non-audit services were approved in advance by the Audit Committee pursuant to the procedures described below. Audit Committee Approval of Non-Audit Services The Audit Committee approves all non-audit services PwC provides in accordance with the following framework: The Audit Committee is considered to have pre-approved any project in an approved category that is less than $100,000 in estimated fees. Specific projects in excess of this amount and any potential projects not included in the pre-approval framework are presented to the Audit Committee Chair for advance approval. On a quarterly basis, PwC reports all non-audit services approved during the most recent quarterly period. The Audit Committee reviews all non-audit fees at least annually. The independent registered public accounting firm ensures that all audit and non-audit services provided to the company have been approved by the Audit Committee. Each year, the company s management and the independent registered public accounting firm confirm to the Audit Committee that every non-audit service being proposed is permissible. Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 The Audit Committee has appointed PwC as the company s independent registered public accounting firm to audit and report on the company s consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting for the year ending December 31, 2026 and to perform such other services as may be required of them. Respectfully submitted by the members of the Audit Committee: Elisha W. Finney, Chair Michael A. Kelly Brian Shepherd Michael J. Tokich Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 21 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm You are being asked to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) as the company s independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has appointed PwC, independent public accountants, to audit and report on the company s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 and to perform such other services as may be required of them. PwC s appointment is ratified if a majority of votes cast, excluding abstentions, with respect to this proposal are voted FOR. Auditor Attendance at Annual Meeting A representative of PwC is expected to be present at the annual meeting. They will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and will be available to respond to appropriate shareholder questions. Limitation on Amount of Audit Fees We have no existing direct or indirect understandings or agreements with PwC that place a limit on current or future years audit fees. Please see the Audit Committee Report above for further details concerning PwC s fees. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR ratification of the appointment of PwC as independent registered public accounting firm. Proxies will be voted FOR ratification of the appointment of PwC unless otherwise specified in the proxy. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 22 2026 Proxy Statement Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Report The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee assists the board in identifying and recommending individuals to be nominated for election to the Board of Directors by shareholders. The committee is responsible for advising the board on the structure and membership of committees of the board as well as developing corporate governance guidelines applicable to the operation of the company. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee operates pursuant to a written charter, a copy of which can be found on the company s website at www.mt.com under About Us / Investor Relations / Corporate Governance. We describe below the committee s process to nominate directors to the board, the committee s adoption of additional corporate governance best practices, and the committee s engagement in other activities in 2025 related to corporate governance. Director Nomination Process The Board of Directors should be composed of successful individuals who demonstrate integrity, dedication, reliability, knowledge of corporate affairs, a general understanding of the company s business, and an ability to work well together, and represent a variety of skills, experiences, expertise, industry knowledge, background, and perspectives. Longer-term board succession will also be considered, taking into account the demographics of respective board members. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee evaluates current and prospective directors according to a skills and experience competency matrix (described under Board of Directors General Information Board Composition; Director Qualifications) to ensure that the Board has an appropriate mix of relevant skills and experience. 1. When there is an actual or anticipated board vacancy, the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee will, together with the Board Chair and the Chief Executive Officer, determine the specific qualifications, competencies, and skills that are desired for potential candidates to fill that vacancy. 2. Candidates names may be suggested by any of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee or other board members, or by third parties engaged for that purpose by the Committee, or by shareholders pursuant to applicable rules and regulations. 3. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee will receive all candidates names. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee will assess candidates who meet the specific qualifications, competencies, and skills relevant to the specific vacancy and these candidates will be required to provide information regarding their background, experience, independence, and other information. 4. As a general rule, members of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee, the Board Chair, the Chief Executive Officer, and in appropriate cases other board members, will interview candidates who are under active consideration. 5. Following these interviews, the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee will consider each candidate. 6. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee will ensure that each candidate meets the specific qualifications, qualities, and skills that are desired for candidates to fill the relevant vacancy. The Committee will also ensure that all candidates otherwise satisfy the list of director qualifications set out in the company s corporate governance guidelines. 7. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee will then propose a candidate to the full board for consideration as a new director. The full board will then, as applicable, vote to appoint the candidate as a director or nominate the candidate to stand for election as a director. Summary of 2025 Activities During 2025, the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee regularly reviewed best practice corporate governance topics and continued to monitor regulatory rulemaking related to the governance area. The Committee conducted new director searches in 2025 related to director refreshment, and the board announced the appointment of Mr. Perversi to the Board of Directors, effective November 2025, and the appointment of Mr. Tokich to the Board of Directors, effective February 2026. With regard to the current director nominees, the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee has recommended to the board that nine current directors be nominated for election at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Respectfully submitted by the members of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee: Domitille Doat-Le Bigot, Chair Thomas P. Salice Ingrid Zhang Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 23 2026 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis EXECUTIVE SUMMARY This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes our executive compensation program, focusing on the compensation of our named executive officers. Our 2025 Named Executive Officers Name Title Patrick Kaltenbach President and Chief Executive Officer Shawn P. Vadala Chief Financial Officer Marc de La Gu ronni re Head of European and North American Market Organizations (as of January 1, 2026, Head of North American Market Organization, Global Service, and Commercial Excellence) Susan Graham-Bryce Chief Human Resources Officer Richard Wong Head of Asia and Pacific Primary Elements of our Executive Compensation Program Long-Term Incentives Pay Element Base Salary Cash Incentive Stock Options Restricted Stock Units Performance Share Units Type Cash Cash Equity Equity Equity Performance Period N/A 1 year 5-year vesting pro rata; cliff vesting for performance options 3-year vesting pro rata 3-year performance period, cliff vesting Performance Measures N/A EPS, net cash flow, sales, individual targets, including quantitative sustainability targets Stock price appreciation; sales growth for performance options Stock price appreciation Relative total shareholder return (rTSR) Objectives of our Executive Compensation Programs Ensure compensation reflects performance. The company links pay to performance in part by setting challenging, objectively measurable targets, and paying cash incentives designed to reward achievement of those targets. At the same time, when performance is only at or below target, compensation tends to be below market. Focus executives on achieving financial and operating objectives that provide long-term shareholder value creation. The company does this in part by linking long-term compensation to the company s long-term performance. The annual cash incentive is also tied to relevant metrics, including growth in earnings per share. Align executives interests with those of the company s shareholders. The company does this with its long-term incentives, including various performance-based equity grants, and by enforcing the equity ownership guidelines described below. Attract and retain the best talent. Total compensation must be competitive in the global personnel market in which we operate. Our Executive Compensation Program Follows Best Practices We consult independent compensation consultants to ensure our executive compensation is in line with industry and market standards. We deploy a mix of short- and long-term incentives to ensure compensation aligns with performance and motivates long-term shareholder value creation. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 24 2026 Proxy Statement Our long-term incentives include various performance-based equity incentives. Our short-term incentives include sustainability targets. We have an executive compensation clawback policy to ensure that amounts are not erroneously awarded. We maintain executive share ownership guidelines that align executives interests with shareholders . We have a policy related to the hedging and pledging of company securities by the board and the company s executives officers. We responsibly manage the use of equity compensation. Results of 2025 Say-on-Pay Vote In establishing executive compensation policies the Compensation Committee considers, among other things, the results of the Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation from the prior year s Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The result of last year s advisory vote was positive with 86% of votes cast in favor of the company s compensation of its named executive officers. Our Executive Compensation is Aligned with Performance In the 20-year period ending December 31, 2025, the company s total return to shareholders has been 2,426%, compared with 706% for the S P 500. Based on the quality of leadership of the management team, and the overall performance of the company, the committee believes management s compensation is appropriate. Key Components of 2025 Executive Compensation Salaries Base salaries for our named executive officers were reviewed in light of salary market data, local market conditions, and individual performance. Base salaries for our named executive officers were moderately increased as a result of this assessment. Full details on the amounts the named executive officers received are provided in the Summary Compensation Table below. Annual Cash Incentives The average target achievement for our named executive officers resulted in incentive payments between 38% and 44% of base salary. Long-Term Incentives On May 8, 2025, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, with guidance from the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, approved a bifurcated grant structure and composition for 2025 long-term incentive awards for the 2025 calendar year only. The 2025 long-term incentives were bifurcated, with approximately half granted in May 2025 and approximately half granted in November 2025. As part of the bifurcation, the Compensation Committee structured the composition of each grant in this manner: 1/3 performance share units, 1/3 non-qualified stock options, and 1/3 restricted stock units. The Committee believes that bifurcating the 2025 long-term incentive awards into two grants and modifying the composition of each grant improves the retentive and motivational objectives of the compensation program in the current environment. The total value of equity granted to Messrs. Kaltenbach, Vadala, and Wong increased 7%, 10%, and 8.7%, respectively. The total value of equity granted to Mr. de La Gu ronni re decreased 8%, reflecting his potential retirement at the end of 2026. Ms. Graham-Bryce s received equity grants in February 2025 upon joining the company, which were intended to provide her with partial replacement compensation related to her prior employment. She also received an equity grant on February 11, 2025, for the 2025 fiscal year, and she received equity grants in May and November 2025, along with the other named executive officers. DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Role of the Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee oversees our executive compensation program and evaluates and sets the compensation of the directors. In carrying out its duties, the Compensation Committee receives information and recommendations from the Board Chair, the Chief Human Resources Officer, and the Chief Executive Officer. No executive officer plays a role in making compensation decisions with respect to his or her own compensation. Role of Independent Compensation Consultant Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee has the sole authority to retain, terminate, obtain advice from, and compensate its outside advisors, including its compensation consultants. The company has provided appropriate funding to the Compensation Committee to do so. In 2025, the Compensation Committee retained independent compensation consultant Pearl Meyer Partners (PM P) as its independent compensation consultant. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 25 2026 Proxy Statement PM P reports directly to the Compensation Committee, and the Compensation Committee may replace PM P or hire additional consultants at any time. PM P attends meetings of the Compensation Committee, as requested, and communicates with the Chair of the Compensation Committee between meetings; however, the Compensation Committee makes all decisions regarding the compensation of the company s executive officers. PM P provides various executive compensation services to the Compensation Committee at its request with respect to the company s executive officers and other key employees, as well as the Board of Directors and Board Chair. The services PM P provides include advising the Compensation Committee on the principal aspects of the executive compensation program and evolving best practices, and providing market information and analysis regarding the competitiveness of the company s program design and awards in relation to the company s performance. Role of our Compensation Peer Group In evaluating the competitiveness of the company s executive compensation, the Compensation Committee periodically conducts both broad-based surveys of executive compensation and surveys of the compensation of executives in the instruments and electronics industries. In 2024, the Compensation Committee utilized the services of PM P and Willis Towers Watson ( WTW ) to provide US and certain non-US compensation data, respectively, using confidential surveys relating to CEO and senior executive compensation at technology companies in comparable industries, including scientific instruments firms, and firms of similar size to the company. PM P also provided data on peer company compensation at the following peer companies: Agilent Technologies AMETEK Bio-Rad Laboratories Bruker Corp. Fortive Corp. Hologic IDEX Corp. Intuitive Surgical Nordson Corporation Revvity ResMed Rockwell Automation Teledyne Technologies Teleflex Waters Corp. Xylem The Compensation Committee also reviewed data provided by WTW related to CEO and other executive compensation data from certain Sw iss and other non-US industrial public companies of a similar size and international organizational structure as the company. Independence of Compensation Consultants The Compensation Committee reviews the services provided by its outside consultants on an annual basis and believes that PM P are independent in providing executive compensation consulting services. The Compensation Committee has conducted a specific review of its relationship with PM P and has determined that the work of PM P for the Committee in 2025 did not raise any conflicts of interest, consistent with the guidance provided under the Dodd-Frank Act, or applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the NYSE. In making this determination, the Compensation Committee noted that during 2025: PM P did not provide any services to the company or its management related to executive compensation other than service to the Compensation Committee, and its services were limited to executive compensation consulting. Specifically, PM P did not provide, directly or indirectly through affiliates, any non-executive compensation services, including, but not limited to, pension consulting or human resource outsourcing; Fees from the company were less than 1% of the total revenue of PM P during the year of 2025; PM P maintains a Conflicts Policy, which has been provided to the Compensation Committee, with specific policies and procedures designed to ensure independence; The individuals on the PM P team assigned to the company do not have any business or personal relationship with members of the Compensation Committee outside of the engagement. None of the PM P consultants working on the company engagement, or at PM P, had any business or personal relationship with executive officers of the company; and Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 26 2026 Proxy Statement None of the PM P consultants working on the company engagement directly own company stock. The Compensation Committee monitors the independence of compensation consultants on an annual basis. Compensation Program Elements The company s compensation program consists of three main elements: base salary, an annual cash incentive, and long-term incentive compensation. The majority of executive compensation is performance-based and is paid in the form of the annual cash incentive and long-term incentive compensation. Our goal is to ensure that the three main elements of compensation are carefully considered and fair, and that executives are motivated to further the interests of shareholders, both short-term and long-term. Each year the Compensation Committee separately reviews each of the three elements, as well as total compensation. The Committee takes into account the company s growth and performance, individual executive performance, and developments in the markets in which we compete for talent. Base Salary The company s goal is to pay base salaries that are approximately at or somewhat below the median. Based on market data, we believe base salaries for our executive officers are generally slightly lower than those at peer companies. Although a competitive base salary is necessary and appropriate to attract and retain high quality talent, we believe the majority of executive compensation should be paid in ways that link pay with performance. We accomplish this through the annual cash incentive and long-term incentives. The Compensation Committee considered its review of the salary market data referred to above, local market conditions, and individual performance in setting base salaries for 2025. The Compensation Committee increased the base salary for Mr. Kaltenbach by 2.0%, Mr. Vadala by 8.7%, Mr. de La Gu ronni re by 3.7%, and Mr. Wong by 3.5%, effective January 1, 2025 in the case of Mr. Kaltenbach and effective April 1, 2025 in all other cases. 2025 was Ms. Graham-Bryce s first year as a named executive officer. Annual Cash Incentive We link pay with performance through our cash incentive plan, called POBS Plus. The purpose of the incentive plan is to provide an incentive to key employees of the company to reward them for driving the success of the company as measured based on objective financial criteria. The incentive plan is administered by the Compensation Committee. At the end of each year, the Compensation Committee establishes the performance targets on which each participant s incentive is based for the coming year. Group and/or Operating Unit targets, which in 2025 accounted for 75 80 percent of the incentive for each participant, relate closely to our annual plan and budget and are approved by the full Board of Directors each year. These targets are set taking into account the economic environment, the health of the company s end-user markets, and the challenges and opportunities of the company s various businesses. See 2025 Threshold, Target, Maximum, and Actual Performance below. In 2025, the remaining 20 25 percent of the incentive for each participant is based on individual (personal) objective performance targets and sustainability targets. The individual (personal) objective performance targets account for between 12 and 17 percent of the incentive for each participant and relate to the company s annual business objectives. The sustainability targets account for 8 percent of the incentive for each participant. The sustainability targets are comprehensive and specific quantitative and qualitative targets related to important sustainability topics, as follows: Targets for key environmental areas related to greenhouse gas emissions (continued progress towards Science Based Targets for Scope 1, 2, and 3), waste reduction and recycling (continued progress towards achieving 2025 operational waste to landfill reduction target), and sustainable products and services (continued progress towards globally purchased packaging materials from recycled or sustainable sources and packaging being easily recyclable/compostable). Targets for key social areas related to responsible supply chain (continued progress to implement responsible sourcing guidelines, including supplier audits) and employee topics (such as continued progress related to employee voluntary turnover, workforce inclusion, and employee safety). The company s workforce inclusion objectives relate to having a broad set of candidates for job openings and promotion opportunities, selecting candidates most likely to help the company achieve all its goals. The company s workforce inclusion objectives also include execution of mentoring by senior executives. Targets for key governance matters related to corporate governance and public company sustainability reporting best practices. With respect to the Chief Executive Officer, the Group targets described below under 2025 Threshold, Target, Maximum, and Actual Performance account for 80% of the incentive, personal targets related to sustainability account for 8% of the incentive, and personal targets not related to sustainability account for 12% of the incentive. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 27 2026 Proxy Statement The Compensation Committee directly evaluates the Chief Executive Officer s performance on his individual targets and reviews the CEO s recommendation on the individual target performance of the other executive officers. The Compensation Committee reviews the audited results of the company s performance against each participant s performance targets and determines the incentive payment, if any, earned by each participant. Cash Incentive Payment as % of Base Salary Achievement vs. Target Levels Name 90% 100% (Target) 130% (Maximum) Patrick Kaltenbach 50% 169.4% Shawn P. Vadala 45% 157.5% Other Named Executive Officers 45% 160.5% The plan provides that targets for 100% achievement should be challenging and ambitious, but also realistic and attainable such that it is possible to achieve and exceed them. The impact of over- or under-achieving targets on the annual incentive can be significant. The company and Board of Directors therefore approach the target setting process with care and consideration. We believe targets are set consistently with the philosophy of the POBS Plus plan that they be challenging and ambitious. In the last five years the average target achievement for named executive officers was 105 points, out of a possible 130 points. 2025 Threshold, Target, Maximum, and Actual Performance 2025 Performance Targets Threshold Target Maximum Actual Adjusted Non-GAAP Earnings Per Share (1) $ 42.29 $ 43.62 $ 47.61 $ 42.89 Net Cash Flow (2) $ 1,005.8 million $ 1,060.2 million $ 1,223.4 million $ 1,042.1 million Group Sales (at budgeted currency rates) $ 3,814.3 million $ 3,892.9 million $ 4,128.7 million $ 3,885.5 million (1) Excludes purchased intangible amortization (net of tax) of $21.1 million, restructuring charges (net of tax) of $14.5 million and a net benefit (net of tax) of $3.6 million related to contingent consideration associated with previous acquisitions less acquisition transaction costs (net of tax) of $1.7 million. Also excludes operating results not considered in the target and a $19.5 million non-cash benefit resulting from the reduction of uncertain tax position liabilities and valuation allowance related to the settlement of a tax audit. In addition, the Compensation Committee approved a one-time, modest adjustment, applicable to all employees who participate in the company s POBS annual cash incentive plans, to partially offset the impact of international trade disputes. (2) Represents cash flow from operations before tax payments less capital expenditures and restructuring payments. Also excludes payments for acquisition transaction costs and deviations for facility expansion capital expenditures versus target. The 2025 weighted performance relative to targets resulted in the following incentive payments as a percent of base salary under the POBS Plus plan for 2025 for each named executive officer: Mr. Kaltenbach 40% Mr. Vadala 41% Mr. de La Gu ronni re 44% Ms. Graham-Bryce 40% Mr. Wong 38% Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 28 2026 Proxy Statement Long-Term Incentives Another method we have historically used to link pay with performance is awarding stock options, which we believe aligns management s long-term interests with those of the company s shareholders. Named executive officers stock options generally vest over five years, 20% per year, starting on the first anniversary of the date of grant. All options (including the performance options described below) have a term of ten years before expiration. We expect that future stock option grants typically will have vesting schedules of five years and terms of ten years. Named executive officers also generally receive target awards of performance share units, under which the individual will earn shares of common stock in the future if certain performance conditions (including market criteria) are met. The company s performance share units are based on relative total shareholder return (rTSR) over a three-year period, specifically, the company s relative performance against each of the companies that make up the S P 500 Healthcare Index and the S P 500 Industrials Index. The units have three- year cliff vesting. The company must achieve greater than a 30 th percentile performance for the performance share units to start vesting. The units will vest at 100% if the company achieves a 60 th percentile performance, and the units will vest at 200% if the company s relative performance is at the 75 th percentile or better. The vesting schedule is shown in this table (linear interpolation is applied between the points shown): rTSR Percentile Rank Shares Earned as % of Target Threshold 30% 0% 45% 50% Target 60% 100% 67.5% 150% Maximum 75% 200% The vesting percentage of the performance share units is capped at 100% of target when the company s absolute TSR is negative. Over the past three years, based on the performance of the company pursuant to the criteria outlined above, the performance share units, including the off-cycle grant to the CEO in April 2021, have vested as follows: Grant Performance Period End Shares Earned as % of Target November 2020 November 2023 4.7% April 2021 April 2024 0.0% November 2021 November 2024 0.0% November 2022 November 2025 0.3% In 2025, named executive officers also received restricted stock unit grants. These grants generally vest annually in three equal installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant. In determining the amount of each named executive officer s equity grants the Compensation Committee evaluates the relative importance of the individual s job, the contribution and performance of the individual, their years of service, and their total compensation, as well as competitive information about equity as described above relative to each individual. Ms. Graham-Bryce additionally received a grant of restricted stock units upon joining the company on February 11, 2025. This grant was intended to provide her with partial replacement compensation related to her prior employment. She also received a grant of performance share units and a stock option grant on February 11, 2025, which grants were for the 2025 fiscal year upon her joining the company. With respect to the named executive officers in 2025, the factors discussed above led to equity grants with the grant date fair values described in the table Grant of Plan-Based Awards. On November 9, 2023, following consultation with its independent compensation consultant, PM P, the Compensation Committee decided to make a one-time equity grant to the CEO in addition to the regular grant, comprised of forty percent restricted stock units and sixty percent performance options. The Compensation Committee determined that this one-time equity grant, which includes rigorous, pre-set performance conditions, incentivizes long-term growth and is well aligned with shareholder interests. The restricted stock units vest annually in three equal installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant. The performance options have a four- Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 29 2026 Proxy Statement year performance period with cliff vesting. The final number of options received at vesting will be determined by the compound annual organic growth rate measured in local (constant) currency of the company s sales over the performance period commencing January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2027. The vesting schedule is shown in this table (linear interpolation is applied between the points shown): CAGR Shares Earned as % of Target Threshold 3% 0% 3% 50% Target 4% 100% Maximum 5% 150% On May 8, 2025, and as disclosed by the company on a Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2025, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, with guidance from the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, approved a bifurcated grant structure and composition for 2025 long-term incentive awards for the 2025 calendar year only. The 2025 long-term incentives were bifurcated, with approximately half granted in May 2025 and approximately half granted in November 2025. As part of the bifurcation, the Compensation Committee structured the composition of each grant in this manner: 1/3 performance share units, 1/3 non-qualified stock options, and 1/3 restricted stock units. The Committee believes that bifurcating the 2025 long-term incentive awards into two grants and modifying the composition of each grant improves the retentive and motivational objectives of the compensation program in the current environment. The Compensation Committee also believes that past performance is just one factor to take into account in determining the size of future awards. Equity Grant Practices and Policy The Compensation Committee approves all equity grants. Equity grants have typically been made once each year when the overall annual compensation review takes place (typically in late October or early November each year). However, as discussed above, the 2025 equity grants were bifurcated into two grants, one in May and one in November. The Compensation Committee and Board meeting dates are set several years in advance, and the overall value of the equity grants are approved on the meeting date. In the past, the Committee has also made initial grants to individual executive officers at the time they started serving as executive officers. All options have an exercise price equal to the closing price of the company s shares on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant. Equity awards, including stock options, are not granted in anticipation of the release of material non-public information, and the release of material non-public information is not timed on the basis of option or other equity grant dates. Stock incentive values to be utilized for such annual awards are determined as of the grant date based upon a Black-Scholes valuation model. Those values are then used to determine the number of stock options to be granted to recipients. In addition, we generally do not grant stock options (i) during trading blackout periods established under our inside r trading policy, or (ii) at any time during the four business days prior to, or the one business day following, the filing of our periodic reports or the filing or furnishing of a Form 8-K that discloses material nonpublic information. During fiscal year 2025, (i) none of our named executive officers were awarded stock options with an effective grant date during any period beginning four business days before the filing or furnishing of a Form 10-Q, Form 10-K, or Form 8-K that disclosed material nonpublic information, and ending one business day after the filing or furnishing of such reports, and (ii) we did not time the disclosure of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. Equity Ownership Guidelines The Compensation Committee feels it is important for senior executives to have a significant portion of their ongoing compensation tied to the interests of shareholders. The Compensation Committee has implemented equity ownership guidelines for executive officers that call for the individuals to accumulate equity ownership as follows: Category Value of Equity Ownership Required CEO $5,500,000 CFO 3x base salary Other executive officers 2x base salary Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 30 2026 Proxy Statement The following types of equity count towards the ownership requirement: shares held directly, vested restricted stock units (if any), and the in-the-money value of vested stock options. Individuals have five years from the date of appointment as an officer to meet the ownership requirement. If an individual does not meet the requirement within the relevant time periods, the Compensation Committee has the discretion not to make further equity grants to that person. If an individual has met their requirement but subsequently falls below due to a drop in share price, they will have 24 months to rebuild their ownership, subject to Compensation Committee discretion. All officers satisfy the equity ownership guidelines. Clawback Policy The board believes it is good corporate governance and in the interests of shareholders to have a recoupment or clawback policy concerning incentive-based compensation, specifically with regard to any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure (as such term is defined by the applicable rules or standards of the New York Stock Exchange). As a matter of basic fairness, the board wishes to correct for errors in the event of certain accounting restatements affecting incentive-based compensation to ensure that amounts are not erroneously awarded. The board has adopted a clawback policy that complies with the requirements of Section 303A.14 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. The clawback policy applies to all executive officers and certain other individuals. In the event the company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the material noncompliance of the company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period, the board shall require reimbursement or forfeiture of any excess incentive-based compensation received by any applicable employee during the three (3) completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. The full clawback policy is included as Exhibit 97 to the company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. At no time during or after the last completed fiscal year, which ended December 31, 2025, was the company required to prepare an accounting restatement or required to recover erroneously awarded compensation pursuant to the company s clawback policy. There are no outstanding balances as of December 31, 2025, of erroneously awarded compensation to be recovered from the application of the company s clawback policy to a prior restatement. Company Equity Hedging and Pledging Policy The board and the company s executive officers, and their designees, are prohibited from any transaction hedging the ownership of company securities, including trading in publicly-traded options, puts, calls, or other derivative instruments that are directly related to company securities, and are also generally restricted from transactions pledging ownership of company securities. This policy does not apply to employees who are not executive officers. Insider Trading Policy and Procedures The company has adopted insider trading policies governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of the company s securities that apply to all company personnel, including directors, officers, and employees. The company also follows procedures for the repurchase of its securities, which procedures subject the company itself to its insider trading policies. The company believes that its insider trading policies and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. Copies of the company s insider trading policies are filed as Exhibits 19.1 and 19.2 to company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. Share Purchase Plan Under the Share Purchase Plan, executive officers may purchase company shares using all or a portion of their cash incentive payable under the POBS Plus plan, subject to approval of the Compensation Committee. The issue price for shares under the plan will be equal to the New York Stock Exchange closing price on the date of issuance, which occurs on or shortly before March 15 of each year. All shares issued pursuant to the plan are restricted for a period of five years from the date of issuance, during which time they may not be sold, assigned, transferred, or otherwise disposed of, nor may they be pledged or otherwise hypothecated, except in the case of death or disability. Tax Equalization Agreements The company is a party to tax equalization agreements with Mr. Kaltenbach and Ms. Graham-Bryce, who are non-U.S. citizens and non-U.S. residents who pay income tax on their earnings in Switzerland. The individuals do not receive any cash benefit from the agreements, the principle of which is to leave the employee in exactly the same position (i.e., no better and no worse off) as if they had not become subject to U.S. Taxation on a portion of their income. Under the tax equalization agreements, the company has agreed to pay taxes borne by these executives in respect of incremental taxation being due in the United States by virtue of their work for the Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 31 2026 Proxy Statement company there. Because the individuals are left no better and no worse off than had they not become subject to U.S. Taxation, the Compensation Committee does not believe it is appropriate to take into account the U.S. Taxes paid by the company under the tax equalization agreements when determining the employees compensation each year. In cases where the individual s Swiss taxes are lower as a result of the company having paid these U.S. Tax amounts, the individual must make a payment to the company under the tax equalization agreement. Employment Agreements The company is a party to employment agreements with each of the named executive officers. These agreements provide for a base salary subject to adjustment and participation in our cash incentive plan and other employee benefit plans. Each agreement prohibits the executive from competing with the company for a period of 6-12 months after termination of employment. The agreements have no fixed term. They have an effective term of 6-12 months because they may be terminated without cause by either party and during the notice period the executive is entitled to full compensation under the agreement, including payment of base salary, target cash incentive, and continuation of benefits. The equity compensation arrangements are separately described in the sections below entitled Grants of Plan-Based Awards and Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End. The operation of the employment agreements in the context of a termination or a change in control is separately described below under Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control. CEO Pay Ratio This information is provided in accordance with the requirements of Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enacted in July 2010. For this disclosure we identified our median employee as of December 31, 2023, looking at compensation between January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023. The total employee population considered was approximately 17,300 people; we did not exclude any employees. We used year-end local payroll records to identify the median employee. We did not apply any material assumptions, adjustments, or estimates, did not apply cost of living adjustments, and did not use statistical sampling. Mr. Kaltenbach s annual total compensation for 2025, including the one-time equity grant described in the Compensation Program Elements Long-Term Incentives section above, was $6,741,212, as disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table below. Our median employee s annual total compensation, calculated consistent with Summary Compensation Table rules, for 2025 was $56,972. Accordingly, the ratio of our CEO s pay to our median employee is 118:1. The pay ratio is influenced by the mix of geographies where the company has operations, and the nature of the work employees perform in the different countries. Approximately 45% of the company s total workforce is located in low-cost countries, including in China, India, Mexico, Southeast Asia, and Eastern Europe. Many of these employees are involved in assembly and manufacturing tasks, particularly in China and Mexico. Almost all of our employees in North America and China are employed full-time. This is in line with industry practice in these regions. In Europe, we have a number of countries with a larger population of part-time employees (up to approximately 15 percent), in line with local practices. Salary levels are driven by market and competitive conditions and are overseen by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors in the case of senior executive salaries, and by the Chief Human Resources Officer in most other cases. The Compensation Committee and the Chief Human Resources Officer are responsible for establishing compensation arrangements that allow the company to retain, attract, and motivate employees. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 32 2026 Proxy Statement EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES Summary Compensation Table (1) Name and Principal Position Year Base Salary ($) Stock Awards ($) (5) Option Awards ($) (6) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (7) All Other Compensation ($) (8) Total ($) Patrick Kaltenbach (2) President and Chief Executive Officer 2025 1,145,999 3,267,808 1,635,033 462,984 229,388 6,741,212 2024 1,123,528 1,526,729 3,055,452 808,940 424,215 6,938,864 2023 1,081,471 2,468,360 4,436,956 167,628 376,574 8,530,989 Shawn P. Vadala Chief Financial Officer 2025 490,000 1,109,148 555,304 198,450 31,950 2,384,852 2024 457,500 504,294 1,009,412 306,176 25,525 2,302,907 2023 450,000 485,421 970,372 93,375 27,900 2,027,068 Marc de La Gu ronni re Head of EU and NA (3) 2025 312,535 616,380 411,530 137,367 75,305 1,553,117 2024 302,680 372,739 747,163 207,327 74,402 1,704,311 2023 295,782 369,582 740,757 95,356 70,374 1,571,851 Susan Graham-Bryce (4) Chief Human Resources Officer 2025 396,539 845,324 385,777 156,851 564,810 2,349,301 Richard Wong Head of Asia and Pacific 2025 424,542 392,439 196,950 161,847 33,526 1,209,304 2024 410,582 181,176 361,211 214,266 33,544 1,200,779 2023 398,253 175,414 349,414 59,087 59,469 1,041,637 (1) All amounts shown were paid in Swiss francs, except amounts paid to Mr. Vadala and U.S. Tax equalization payments, which were paid in U.S. dollars, amounts paid to Mr. de La Gu ronni re, which were paid in Euros, and amounts paid to Mr. Wong, which were paid in Singapore dollars. For purposes of this table, all amounts paid in Swiss francs were converted to U.S. dollars at a rate of CHF 0.8322 to $1.00, amounts paid in Euros were converted to U.S. dollars at a rate of EUR 0.8879 to $1.00, and amounts paid in Singapore dollars were converted to U.S. dollars at a rate of SGD 1.3079 to $1.00, in each case the respective average exchange rate in 2025. (2) Mr. Kaltenbach s 2023 compensation, as displayed in the Summary Compensation Table above, includes a one-time equity grant, which is discussed more fully in the Compensation Program Elements Long-Term Incentives section above. This one-time equity grant included performance options with a grant date fair value of $1,499,883 and restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of $999,961. Excluding this one-time grant, which is necessary for a proper understanding of Mr. Kaltenbach s ordinary compensation structure, Mr. Kaltenbach s total compensation in 2023 was $6,031,144, consisting of $1,081,471 in base salary, $1,468,399 in stock awards, $2,937,072 in option awards, $167,628 in non-equity incentive plan compensation, and $376,574 in all other compensation. (3) Mr. de La Gu ronni re served as the Head of European and North American Market Organizations through the end of 2025. As of January 1, 2026, he is serving as Head of North American Market Organization, Global Service, and Commercial Excellence as he transitions to a potential retirement at the end of 2026. (4) Ms. Graham-Bryce s 2025 compensation, as displayed in the Summary Compensation Table above, includes February 2025 equity grants and cash for partial replacement compensation related to her prior employment, and equity grants for fiscal year 2025. Her 2025 compensation also includes relocation costs associated with her joining the company, which are detailed in footnote (8), below. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 33 2026 Proxy Statement (5) With respect to Mr. Kaltenbach in 2023, this represents the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock units he received in November 2023 and which are more fully discussed in the Compensation Program Elements Long-Term Incentives section above, and performance share units he received in November 2023 as part of the company s ordinary grant cycle. With respect to Ms. Graham-Bryce in 2025, this represents the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock units and performance share units she received in February 2025 and which are more fully discussed in footnote (4), above, and restricted stock units and performance share units she received as part of the company s ordinary grant cycle. For all other values in this column, this represents the aggregate grant date fair value of performance share units, and for 2025 additionally includes restricted stock units, each individual received during the company s ordinary grant cycle. Grant date fair values in all cases are computed in accordance with ASC 718. The valuation assumptions associated with such awards are discussed in Note 12 to the company s consolidated financial statements included in the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. The following table lists the value of each officer s performance share unit awards assuming the highest level of performance conditions will be achieved: Name Month/Year (MM/YYYY) Maximum Value of PSU Award ($) Patrick Kaltenbach 11/2025 1,663,488 05/2025 1,603,445 11/2024 3,053,458 11/2023 2,936,798 Shawn P. Vadala 11/2025 553,224 05/2025 554,948 11/2024 1,008,587 11/2023 970,842 Marc de La Gu ronni re 11/2025 412,057 05/2025 410,898 11/2024 745,478 11/2023 739,164 Susan Graham-Bryce 11/2025 133,537 05/2025 136,966 02/2025 250,187 Richard Wong 11/2025 194,582 05/2025 198,364 11/2024 362,353 11/2023 350,827 (6) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of stock option awards for each individual computed in accordance with ASC 718. The valuation assumptions associated with such awards are discussed in Note 12 to the company s consolidated financial statements included in the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. With respect to Mr. Kaltenbach, this includes one-time performance options he received in November 2023 that are more fully discussed in the Compensation Program Elements Long-Term Incentives section above. (7) Amounts shown are the annual cash incentive earned under the company s POBS Plus incentive plan. (8) Includes tax equalization payments and other miscellaneous benefits as set out below. As described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above, the individuals do not receive any cash benefit from the tax equalization payments. The principle of the tax equalization is to leave the employee in exactly the same position (i.e., no better and no worse) as if they had not become subject to U.S. Taxation on a portion of their income. As such, the Compensation Committee does not believe it is appropriate to include these tax equalization amounts when determining the employees compensation each year or in other calculations of an employee s compensation, for example when comparing compensation between individuals or across compensation categories. Negative amounts represent payments by the individual to the company, for example as a result of lower Swiss taxes being due by virtue of the U.S. Tax payments. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 34 2026 Proxy Statement Miscellaneous personal benefits, none of which individually exceeds $25,000 in value unless otherwise stated, include children allowances, schooling allowances, housing allowances, tax equalization calculation, the company s contribution to certain insurances beyond what is available to all employees, the value of meals in the company cafeteria, the company s contributions to individual retirement accounts, and allowances for expenses (in the case of Mr. Kaltenbach and Ms. Graham-Bryce) and transportation (in the case of Messrs. Vadala, de La Gu ronni re, and Wong). In Ms. Graham-Bryce s case, allowances in 2025 included a schooling allowance ($32,044) and miscellaneous benefits in 2025 included one-time compensation associated with her joining the company, including cash replacement compensation ($195,722), relocation costs ($89,647), and tax gross-ups associated with those costs ($27,699). In Mr. Wong s case, miscellaneous benefits in 2023 are for a one-time service anniversary award. Name Year Tax Equalization Retirement Contribution Insurance Allowances Miscellaneous Benefits Patrick Kaltenbach 2025 $(71,555) $239,827 $28,543 $18,745 $13,828 2024 134,807 233,165 28,014 18,745 9,484 2023 96,235 224,422 27,204 18,745 9,968 Shawn P. Vadala 2025 n.a. 18,200 n.a. 13,750 0 2024 n.a. 15,525 n.a. 10,000 0 2023 n.a. 17,900 n.a. 10,000 0 Marc de La Gu ronni re 2025 n.a. 58,224 n.a. 17,081 0 2024 n.a. 57,320 n.a. 17,082 0 2023 n.a. 54,382 n.a. 15,992 0 Susan Graham-Bryce 2025 67,000 97,747 23,905 59,648 316,510 Richard Wong 2025 n.a. 10,588 n.a. 22,938 0 2024 n.a. 10,606 n.a. 22,938 0 2023 n.a. 11,443 n.a. 22,938 25,088 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 35 2026 Proxy Statement Grants of Plan-Based Awards Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) [P