=== MTD_2026-02-06.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Factors Affecting Our Future Operating Results Operational Risks We sell primarily to companies in developed countries. An economic downturn in these countries could hurt our operating results. Most of our business is derived from companies in developed countries. Economic uncertainty and challenging market conditions in many parts of the world, including international trade disputes, tariffs, inflation, governmental monetary policies, interest rates, armed conflicts, and sovereign debt levels in the European Union and the United States, are situations that we monitor closely. If developed countries continue to experience slow growth or experience a recession, we could see the following effects: • slower growth in our sales compared to prior years; • a drop in demand for our products; • companies being unable to finance their businesses; • difficulty in obtaining materials and supplies; • potential devaluation and/or impairment of assets; • difficulty in collecting accounts receivables; • an increase in accounts receivable write-offs; and • greater foreign exchange rate volatility affecting our profitability and cash flow. Economic downturns or recessions adversely affect our operating results because our customers often decrease or delay capital expenditures. Customers may also purchase lower-cost products made by competitors and not resume purchasing our products even after economic conditions improve. These conditions would reduce our revenues and profitability. In addition, a potential financial crisis on financial institutions globally would likely have an adverse effect on the global capital markets and our business. We are subject to risks associated with our international operations, including our significant concentration of business in China. We conduct business in many countries, including emerging markets in Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe, and these operations represent a significant portion of our sales and earnings. In addition to the currency risks discussed below, our international operations pose other potential substantial risks for us, including the following: • recently reduced market demand in our core segments in China and the current economic conditions in this region; • local tariffs and trade barriers and the potential for retaliatory tariffs; • additions or revisions to a country's legal and regulatory requirements; • difficulties in staffing and managing local operations and/or mandatory salary increases; • credit risks arising from financial difficulties facing local customers and distributors; • difficulties in protecting intellectual property; • nationalization of private enterprises which may result in the confiscation of assets, as we hold significant assets around the world in the form of property, plant, and equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable, as well as $19.2 million of cash at December 31, 2025, in our Chinese subsidiaries; • restrictions on investments and/or limitations regarding foreign ownership; • adverse tax consequences, including tax disputes and imposition or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 14 Table of Contents • domestic purchasing requirements that could favor local competition; • other uncertain local economic, political, and social conditions, including inflation, hyper-inflation, and other decreases in purchasing power, or periods of low or no productivity growth, or effects of natural disasters or pandemics and epidemics; • reduced foreign investment and/or demand; • credit tightening or reduction in credit availability for local customers; • geopolitical topics within Asia and other regions; and • emerging markets can be volatile and change quickly. China represents a significant portion of our business and financial results and has an important role in our global supply chain. For example, our Chinese operations accounted for 16% of sales to external customers, 29% of total segment profit, and approximately 29% of our global production during 2025. In recent years, geopolitical tensions have increased, particularly between the United States and China. Among other issues, these geopolitical topics have resulted in increased tariffs and trade restrictions. The Chinese government and other governments have also increased their focus on domestic purchasing requirements. In addition, due to increasing political tensions and potential tariff increases, many companies are seeking increased flexibility in their supply chains that may result in reduced foreign investment in China. The Chinese economy remains under pressure and is impacted by challenges with the country's real estate market that affects domestic consumption and has historically been a source of funds for government stimulus. These risks, all of which will be exacerbated by trade wars and tariffs, could lead to reduced sales in China, as well as higher costs. After benefiting from significant growth in 2022 and 2021, market demand in China declined significantly during the second half of 2023, which continued in 2024. Our business is significantly impacted by market demand in our core segments of pharma/biopharmaceutical, food manufacturing, and chemical. Market conditions also can be volatile and change quickly, as experienced in 2023. We must also comply with regulations regarding the conversion and repatriation of funds earned in local currencies. For example, we need government approval to convert earnings from our operations in China into other currencies and to repatriate these funds. If we cannot comply with these or other applicable regulations or these regulations are amended to make it more difficult to repatriate the funds, we may face increased difficulties in using cash generated in China. We are required to comply with various import, export control, and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers, business partners, and other persons, including in certain cases dealings with or between our employees and subsidiaries. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services, and technologies, and in other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting a controlled item. Failure to comply with any regulations and sanctions could result in civil and criminal actions, monetary and non-monetary penalties, disruptions to our business, limitations on our ability to import and export products and services, and damage to our reputation. The EU Council has been working to expand renewable energy use, reduce consumption, and diversify energy sources due to reduced Russian energy supplies as a result of the war between Ukraine and Russia. This may impact energy availability and costs in Europe and could impact our European manufacturing operations and demand for our products in Europe. Ongoing conflicts may impact demand locally and globally while disrupting supply chains, increasing costs, and reducing shipping capacity, all of which could affect our financial results and customer demand. Escalating global conflicts, including in Ukraine and the Middle East, have heightened economic and geopolitical uncertainty. 15 Table of Contents Estimating the impact of ongoing global conflicts on supply chain disruptions and energy shortages is challenging. The Ukraine invasion and Middle East conflict could negatively affect our financial results and pose risks to our business. Additionally, uncertainties surrounding these conflicts persist, and their effects on the global economy and market conditions can change rapidly. Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by a cybersecurity attack. We rely on our technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders, support our customers, and bill, collect, and make payments. Our internally developed system and processes, as well as those provided by third-party vendors, may be susceptible to damage or interruption from cybersecurity incidents, such as terrorist or hacker attacks, the introduction of malicious computer viruses, ransomware, falsification of banking and other information, insider risk, or other security breaches. If there is a cybersecurity incident, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of assets or data, or reduced functionality. Many of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for every eventuality a cybersecurity incident could cause. Security breaches of our systems which allow inappropriate access to or inadvertent transfer of information and misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our employees, customers, or suppliers could result in our suffering significant financial and reputational damage. Customers may use our products and/or software to generate or manage critical information. Though we take steps to ensure our products and/or software are secure, it is possible that a cyber attack could result in the loss or compromise of critical information. If a customer alleges that a cyber attack causes or contributes to a loss or compromise of critical information, whether or not caused by us, we could face harm to our reputation and financial condition. The techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber attacks and compromise information technology infrastructure, as well as the sources and targets of these attacks, change and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for some time. In addition, there has been an increase in state-sponsored cyber attacks which are often conducted by capable, well-funded groups. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies amplify these concerns. Our mitigation measures reduce, but cannot eliminate, the risk of a cybersecurity incident, and our systems remain potentially vulnerable to cybersecurity threats. A cybersecurity incident would harm our reputation and financial condition and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to respond to such events. Our cyber liability insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our services or asset or data loss as a result of cybersecurity incidents. In addition, regulatory or legislative action related to cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection worldwide, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation, increases the costs to develop, implement, or secure our products or services. We expect cybersecurity regulations to continue to evolve and be costly to implement. If we violate or fail to comply with such regulatory or legislative requirements, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned, and such fines or penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. We are vulnerable to system failures and data loss risks, which could harm our business. We rely on our technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, support our customers, fulfill orders, and bill, collect, and make payments. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, malicious employees or employee negligence, computer viruses, and other events. When we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data, or reduced functionality. A significant number of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every 16 Table of Contents eventuality. Any interaction with third-party systems increases cyber attack risks. System failures could cause interruptions in our services, fraudulent or negligent loss of assets, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, which could harm our reputation and financial condition. Our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our services or data loss as a result of system failures. Customers may use our products and/or software to generate or manage confidential information. If a customer alleges system failures in our products and/or software cause or contribute to a loss of such confidential information, whether or not caused by us, we could face harm to our reputation and our financial condition and legal liability. We have also been implementing our Blue Ocean program to globalize our business processes and information technology systems that includes the implementation of a Company-wide enterprise resource planning system. This has been proceeding on a staggered basis over a multi-year period. We estimate that we have more than 95% of our users on the program and will continue to implement additional locations and functionality over the coming years. If our implementation is flawed, we could suffer interruptions in operations and customer-facing activities that could harm our competitive position, reputation, and financial condition or cause us to lose data, experience reduced functionality, or have delays in reporting financial information. In addition, the program has increased our reliance on a single information technology system, which would have greater consequences should we experience a system disruption. Our ability to manufacture and deliver products and services may be disrupted. We have key manufacturing facilities located in China, Europe, and the United States. Many of our products are developed and manufactured at single locations, with limited alternate facilities. In addition, a large portion of our products and spare parts are distributed through regional logistics centers, in which certain logistics activities are outsourced to third parties. If we experience any significant disruption in these facilities for any reason, such as global supply chain and production issues, changes in third-party service providers, pandemics, strikes or other labor unrest, labor shortages, power interruptions, cybersecurity attacks, fire, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, rising water levels, other weather events or natural disasters (including the potential impacts of climate change), or other events beyond our control, we may be unable to satisfy customer demand for our products or services resulting in lost sales. It may be expensive to resolve these issues, and some of these risks are not covered by insurance policies. More importantly, customers may switch to competitors and may not return to us even if we resolve the interruption. Our business would suffer if we were unable to obtain supplies of material. We purchase most of our raw materials, components, and supplies from multiple suppliers. Some items are purchased from a limited or single source of supply, and disruption of these sources whether as a result of issues with our suppliers' operation or the timely availability of shipments from freight carriers could affect our ability to manufacture products. Even where multiple sources of materials and components are available, the quality of the alternative materials, regulatory and contractual requirements to qualify materials for use in manufacturing, and the time required to establish new relationships with reliable suppliers could result in manufacturing delays and possible loss of sales. If we are unable to obtain materials or components for an extended time, this could damage our customer relationships and harm our financial condition or results of operations. Our product development efforts may not produce commercially viable products in a timely manner. To remain competitive, we must continue to make significant investments in research and development, sales and marketing, customer service and support, and operational excellence throughout 17 Table of Contents our supply chain to ensure that our products do not become technologically obsolete over time. We cannot be sure that we will have sufficient resources to continue to make these investments. In developing new products, we may be required to make substantial investments before we can determine their commercial viability. We continue to invest in global market trends around automation and digitalization, as well as technologies related to artificial intelligence (AI). We have several initiatives that further strengthen our capabilities to serve customers, and we continue to advance the digital capability of our products and software to provide additional insights and productivity improvements to our customers throughout their value chains. As we develop new products and software, such as those related to automation and digitalization trends, we are required to comply with additional regulations. If we fail to comply with the new regulations, it could affect the launch of the new product or software, in particular, and our company, as a whole. For instance, it is expected that laws and regulations around the use of AI and machine learning tools will increase over the next few years, but it is unknown at this time what these laws and regulations will address and how and whether they will be adopted globally. As we introduce AI and machine learning into our technology platform (as well as those of our customers through provision of our services), we could become subject to these new regulations, which may be difficult to comply with. Some of our competitors may not be required to comply with similar regulations, which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, challenges with properly managing the use of AI could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. Further, if we fail to adopt these new technologies, we may face price pressure from competitors using lower-cost AI systems. We may not be successful in developing new products and software, and we may never realize the benefits of our research and development activities, resulting in reduced sales, increased expenses, and a weakened competitive position. We face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties that we do not control, which could harm our business. We sell some products through third parties, including distributors and value-added resellers. This exposes us to various risks, including competitive pressure, concentration of sales volumes, credit risks, and compliance risks. With respect to certain products, we rely on one or a few key distributors for a product or market, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue and net earnings. Distributors may also face financial difficulties, especially during times of economic volatility, slow growth or recession, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivables. Violations of the FCPA or similar anti-bribery laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could materially impact our business. In addition to financial risk, the actions of some of our distributors could cause reputational harm, especially if our products are involved. Risks related to our use of distributors may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position. Departures of key employees could impair our operations. Key employees could leave the Company. If any key employees stopped working for us, our operations could be harmed. Important R&D personnel may leave and join competitors, which could substantially delay or hinder ongoing development projects. We have no key man life insurance policies with respect to any of our senior executives. 18 Table of Contents Strategic Risks A prolonged downturn or additional consolidation in the pharma/biopharmaceutical, food manufacturing, and chemical industries could adversely affect our operating results. A reduction in the capital resources or government funding of our customers could reduce our sales. Our products are used extensively in the pharma/biopharmaceutical, food manufacturing, and chemical industries. We recently experienced reduced demand in these segments, which negatively impacted our net sales over the past few years. Market demand in pharma/biopharmaceutical was particularly impacted in 2023 after significant growth during the COVID-19 pandemic. Consolidation in these industries also hurt our sales in the past. A prolonged global economic downturn, a downturn affecting one or more of these industries, or consolidation in any of these industries could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, the capital spending policies of our customers in these and other industries are based on a variety of factors we cannot control, including the resources available for purchasing equipment, the spending priorities among various types of equipment, and policies regarding capital expenditures. Any decrease or delay in capital spending by our customers would cause our revenues to decline and could harm our profitability. Changes in governmental regulations, such as policies reducing drug pricing like Most Favored Nation pricing, or a decline in government funding of research or education could reduce some customers’ ability to purchase our products. For example, recent cuts in U.S. governmental funding related to medical and scientific research has economically impacted government agencies and academic institutions who were the recipients of this funding in the past. We operate in highly competitive markets, and it may be difficult for us to preserve operating margins, gain market share, and maintain a technological advantage. Our markets are highly competitive. Many are fragmented both geographically and by application, particularly the industrial and food retailing markets. As a result, we have numerous regional or specialized competitors, many of which are well established in their markets. In addition, some of our competitors are divisions of larger companies with potentially greater financial and other resources than our own. There has also been an increase in the consolidation of precision instrument companies in recent years. Consolidation within our market could result in certain competitors becoming larger and having greater financial and other resources than our own. Some of our competitors are domiciled or operate in emerging markets and may have a lower cost structure than ours. We are confronted with new competitors in emerging markets which, although relatively small in size today, could become larger companies in their home markets. Given the sometimes significant growth rates of these emerging markets, and in light of their cost advantage over developed markets, emerging market competitors could become more significant global competitors. Taken together, the competitive forces present in our markets could harm our operating margins. We also expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new products with competitive prices. Prices have been affected by recently imposed tariffs and, if we cannot continue to pass the increased costs of tariffs to our customers, our margins could be impacted as we work to remain competitive. In addition, our competitors are expected to continue to improve their technology infrastructure, as well as the technology services offered to their customers, including the use of AI and machine learning solutions, to interact with suppliers, sell their products and services, and support and grow their customer base. Our ability to innovate our own technology infrastructure and appropriately address user experience could affect our ability to compete. Although we believe that our products and services have advantages over our competitors, we may not be able to realize and maintain these advantages. 19 Table of Contents We may face risks associated with acquisitions. We have pursued in the past, and may in the future pursue acquisitions of complementary product lines, technologies, or businesses, but these involve risks such as integration challenges, management distractions, and potential loss of key employees. Future acquisitions may also lead to stock issuances that dilute current shareholders, increased debt and liabilities, and higher amortization expenses for intangible assets. Any of these risks could materially impact our profitability. Larger companies are increasingly targeting life sciences and instruments, potentially altering competition for potential targets. Additionally, we may face challenges in identifying, completing, or integrating future acquisitions, and even successful acquisitions may not positively impact our business or results. We must also estimate the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, relying on valuation models with inherent uncertainties and our judgment regarding certain assumptions. Financial Risks Currency fluctuations affect our operating profits. Our earnings are affected by changing exchange rates. We are particularly sensitive to changes in the exchange rates between the Swiss franc, euro, Chinese renminbi, and U.S. dollar. We have more Swiss franc expenses than we do Swiss franc sales because we develop and manufacture products in Switzerland that we sell globally and have a number of corporate functions located in Switzerland. When the Swiss franc strengthens against our other trading currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar and euro, our earnings go down. We also have significantly more sales in the euro than we do expenses. When the euro weakens against the U.S. dollar and Swiss franc, our earnings also go down. We estimate a 1% strengthening of the Swiss franc against the euro would reduce our earnings before tax by approximately $2.8 million to $3.1 million annually. We also conduct business throughout the world, including Asia Pacific, the United Kingdom, Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Canada. Fluctuations in these currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar can also affect our operating results. The most significant of these currency exposures is the Chinese renminbi. The impact on our earnings before tax of the Chinese renminbi weakening 1% against the U.S. dollar is a reduction of approximately $2.2 million to $2.6 million annually. In addition to the effects of exchange rate movements on operating profits, our debt levels can fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates, particularly between the U.S. dollar, the Swiss franc, and the euro. Based on our outstanding debt at December 31, 2025, we estimate that a 5% weakening of the U.S. dollar against the currencies in which our debt is denominated would result in an increase of $53.7 million in the reported U.S. dollar value of our debt. Inflation can impact our operating results and the global economy. Inflation affects the costs of goods and services that we use, including raw materials to manufacture our products, as well as transportation and logistical costs and other external costs and services. Inflation also affects labor costs, which are a significant element of our overall cost structure. If these costs cannot be passed on to customers, our margins could be reduced. Recent rates of inflation also led to increased interest rates as country monetary policies combat inflation, which resulted in reduced economic growth and recessionary conditions, as well as higher borrowing costs. Even though inflation has generally moderated, it continues to be elevated in certain jurisdictions and could prove to be persistent as a result of new tariffs imposed by the U.S. and other countries. These inflationary conditions could have a greater impact on our operating results in future years. The pace of inflationary changes can also occur more quickly than our ability to respond with corresponding price increases and cost optimization or reduction measures. In addition, there may be 20 Table of Contents differences in inflation rates between countries where we incur the major portion of our costs and other countries where we sell products, which may limit our ability to recover increased costs. The competitive environment in which we operate may also limit our ability to recover higher costs through increased selling prices. Historically, we also have experienced higher inflation in China, Eastern Europe, India, and Brazil. To date, these inflationary conditions have not had a material effect on our operating results. However, given our presence in China, Eastern Europe, India, and Brazil, conditions in these regions could have a greater impact on our operating results. We may experience impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets. As of December 31, 2025, our consolidated balance sheet included goodwill of $739.2 million and other intangible assets of $278.9 million. Our business acquisitions typically result in goodwill and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment expense. We make estimates and assumptions in valuing such intangible assets that affect our consolidated financial statements. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired. The evaluation may be based on valuation models that estimate fair value. In preparing the valuation models, we consider a number of factors, including operating results, business plans, economic conditions, future cash flows, and transaction and market data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and our judgment in applying them to the impairment analyses. The significant estimates and assumptions within our fair value models include sales growth, controllable cost growth, perpetual growth, effective tax rates, and

=== MTD_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. For the three months ended March 31, 2026 there were no material changes from risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) (b) (c) (d) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value (in thousands) of Shares that may yet be Purchased under the Program January 1 to January 31, 2026 46,708 $ 1,446.23 46,708 $ 3,590,888 February 1 to February 28, 2026 48,993 $ 1,378.80 48,993 $ 3,523,335 March 1 to March 31, 2026 57,262 $ 1,242.45 57,262 $ 3,452,189 Total 152,963 $ 1,348.34 152,963 $ 3,452,189 The Company has $3.5 billion of remaining availability for its share repurchase program as of March 31, 2026. The Company has purchased 33.2 million shares at an average price per share of $325.65 since the inception of the program through March 31, 2026. During the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, the Company spent $206.3 million and $218.7 million on the repurchase of 152,963 and 170,957 shares at an average price per share of $1,348.34 and $1,279.54, respectively. The Company reissued 1,211 shares and 4,282 shares held in treasury for the exercise of stock options and restricted stock units for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. In addition, the Company incurred $2.1 million and $2.0 million of excise tax during the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, related to the Inflation Reduction Act which is reflected as a reduction in shareholders' equity in the Company's interim consolidated financial statements. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None Item 5. Other information. None Item 6. Exhibits. See Exhibit Index. - 33 - Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 31.1* Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes — Oxley Act of 2002 31.2* Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes — Oxley Act of 2002 32* Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes — Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS* XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF* XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document _______________________ * Filed herewith - 34 - Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. Date: May 8, 2026 By: /s/Shawn P. Vadala Shawn P. Vadala Chief Financial Officer - 35 - 