=== ULTA_2026-04-22.htm.gz ===
ULTA BEAUTY, INC. 0001403568 false DEF 14A 0001403568 ulta:KeciaL.SteelmanMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ulta:KeciaL.SteelmanMember 2024-02-04 2025-02-01 0001403568 ulta:Davidc.KimbellMember 2024-02-04 2025-02-01 0001403568 ulta:Davidc.KimbellMember 2023-01-29 2024-02-03 0001403568 ulta:Davidc.KimbellMember 2022-01-30 2023-01-28 0001403568 ulta:MaryN.DillonMember 2021-01-31 2022-01-29 0001403568 ulta:Davidc.KimbellMember 2021-01-31 2022-01-29 0001403568 3 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 2 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 1 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 2024-02-04 2025-02-01 0001403568 2023-01-29 2024-02-03 0001403568 2022-01-30 2023-01-28 0001403568 2021-01-31 2022-01-29 0001403568 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember ulta:KeciaL.SteelmanMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember ulta:KeciaL.SteelmanMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember ulta:KeciaL.SteelmanMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember ulta:KeciaL.SteelmanMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember ulta:KeciaL.SteelmanMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 0001403568 2025-02-02 2026-01-31 iso4217:USD Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under 240.14a-12 ULTA BEAUTY, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) Not applicable (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders When Where Who 10:00 a.m. CDT on Tuesday, June 9, 2026 Virtual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting .com/ULTA202 6 Stockholders of Record as of April 13, 2026 Meeting Agenda Proposals Board Recommendation For more information 1 To elect each of Martin Brok, Kelly E. Garcia, Catherine A. Halligan, Stephenie Landry, Patricia A. Little, George R. Mrkonic, Lorna E. Nagler, Gisel Ruiz, Michael C. Smith, and Kecia L. Steelman as directors to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders FOR (all nominees) Page 10 2 To approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to limit officer liability as permitted by Delaware law FOR Page 19 3 To approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to add specified forum selection provisions FOR Page 21 4 To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year 2026, ending January 30, 2027 FOR Page 24 5 To vote on an advisory resolution to approve the Company s executive compensation FOR Page 56 6 To approve the Ulta Beauty, Inc. 2026 Incentive Award Plan FOR Page 65 We will also consider any other matters that may properly be brought before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Virtual Meeting We are holding the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders online, in a virtual meeting (via live webcast) format. You will not be able to attend the meeting physically. You or your proxyholder can participate, vote, and examine our stockholder list at the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ULTA2026 and using the control number found on your proxy card. We believe that a virtual format provides improved communication and the opportunity for participation by a broader group of our stockholders, while reducing costs associated with planning, holding, and arranging logistics for an in-person meeting. In addition, hosting a virtual annual meeting reduces the environmental impact of our meeting. Table of Contents Voting Stockholders of Ulta Beauty, Inc. as of the record date are entitled to vote, as follows: Internet Telephone Mail www.proxyvote.com for beneficial ownership 1-800-690-6903 for beneficial ownership Mark, sign, and date your proxy card and return it in the pre-addressed postage paid envelope we have provided or return it to: www.proxyvote.com for registered ownership up until 10:59 pm CDT on June 8, 2026 or 1-800-690-6903 for registered ownership up until 10:59 pm CDT on June 8, 2026 For beneficial ownership: Vote Processing c/o Broadridge 51 Mercedes Way Edgewood, NY 11717 For registered ownership: Proxy Services C/O Equiniti Trust Company, LLC 48 Wall Street, Floor 23 New York, NY 10005 Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, we encourage you to read this proxy statement and submit your proxy or voting instructions as soon as possible. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the instructions on the notice of internet availability of proxy materials you received in the mail. If you received paper copies of the proxy materials, kindly vote by internet or telephone by following the instructions set forth on the enclosed proxy card or mark, sign, and date the enclosed proxy card and return it promptly in the enclosed envelope (which is postage prepaid, if mailed within the United States). Even if you have submitted your proxy, you may still revoke your proxy and vote by attending the virtual meeting online. Please note, however, that if your shares are held by a broker, bank, or other nominee and you wish to vote at the meeting, you must obtain, from your broker, bank, or other nominee, the record holder, and submit a legal proxy issued in your name. For specific instructions on voting, please refer to the section Questions and Answers Voting Information, beginning on page 75 . If you have any questions or need assistance voting, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York 10022 Stockholders, banks, and brokers may call: (212) 750-5833 Proxy Materials This Notice of Annual Meeting, proxy statement, and form of proxy are being distributed and made available around April 22, 2026. By order of the Board of Directors. General Counsel, Chief Risk Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary Rene G. C sares Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 1 Proposal One Election of Directors 10 Information About Our Director Nominees 11 Non-Employee Director Compensation for Fiscal 2025 17 Proposal Two Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to limit officer liability 19 Proposal Three Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to add forum selection provisions 21 Proposal Four Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24 Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 25 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 26 Compensation Committee 27 Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 29 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 30 CEO Pay Ratio 55 Proposal Five Advisory Resolution on Executive Compensation 56 Pay Versus Performance 57 STOCK OWNERSHIP 62 Proposal Six Approval of the 2026 Ulta Beauty, Inc. Incentive Award Plan 65 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS 74 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE PROXY MATERIALS AND THE ANNUAL MEETING 75 MISCELLANEOUS 81 APPENDIX A: Proposed Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to limit officer liability A-1 APPENDIX B: Proposed Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to add forum selection provisions B-1 APPENDIX C: 2026 Ulta Beauty, Inc. Incentive Award Plan C-1 Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on June 9, 2026. The proxy statement and Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026 are available at https://ulta.com/investor . Brokers cannot vote for Proposals 1, 2, 3, 5, or 6 without your instructions. We are furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders primarily via the internet. Internet distribution of our proxy materials is designed to expedite receipt by stockholders, lower the cost of the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (sometimes referred to as the Annual Meeting ), and conserve natural resources. However, if you would prefer to receive paper copies of proxy materials, please follow the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Table of Contents C orporate Governance The Board of Directors (sometimes referred to as the Board ) of Ulta Beauty, Inc. ( Ulta Beauty, the Company, we, us, or our ) is committed to excellence in governance. As part of this commitment and in the spirit of improving always (which is one of Ulta Beauty s values), over the last several years the Board has enhanced our corporate governance practices, policies, structures, and functioning, taking into account ongoing corporate governance trends, peer practices, and the views and perspectives of our stakeholders. These enhancements include: Declassifying the Board and providing for the annual election of all directors for one-year terms; Providing that directors may be removed with or without cause by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors; Replacing all supermajority voting standards for amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation with a majority standard; Replacing all supermajority voting standards for amendments to our Bylaws with a majority standard; Adopting a director resignation policy for uncontested director elections; Implementing an age limit (75) for our directors to encourage board refreshment; Updating the charters of our Board committees and other governance documents to clarify and streamline Board and committee responsibilities and reflect the latest governance best practices, including with regard to senior management evaluation, succession planning, and compensation review; Refreshing our Board by adding six new directors in the last four years, expanding our expertise, and enhancing our diversity in multiple dimensions; Enhancing the Company s policy prohibiting the use of corporate funds to support political campaigns and publishing the updated policy on our website for more convenient access to stockholders and others; Publishing our annual corporate responsibility reports since 2020 and providing expanded disclosures across our four key pillars: People, Product, Environment, and Community, including key connections to our business, in successive reports; Proactively engaging with stockholders representing over 60% of our outstanding shares to seek feedback on our governance practices relating to Board composition, compensation metrics, and corporate responsibility reporting and related disclosures; and Establishing an artificial intelligence ( AI ) advisory group of the Board to provide oversight and advice relating to the Company s AI strategies, opportunities, and risks . 1 Table of Contents Corporate Governance GOVERNANCE AT A GLANCE The Board recognizes that strong corporate governance contributes to long-term stockholder value and is committed to sound governance practices, including the following: INDEPENDENCE All of our director nominees, except our President and CEO, are independent Our non-executive Board Chair ensures strong Board independence and management accountability All standing Board committees are composed entirely of independent directors Independent directors meet regularly in executive session without management present BEST PRACTICES Directors may not stand for re-election after their 75th birthdays absent Board approval Directors may not serve on more than three other public company boards, and the Company s CEO may not serve on more than one other public company board Members of the Audit Committee may not serve on the audit committees of more than two other public companies Directors and executives are subject to stock ownership requirements Directors and executives are prohibited from hedging or pledging their Company stock ACCOUNTABILITY All of our directors are elected annually In uncontested elections, directors are elected by majority vote The Board and each standing Board committee conducts an annual performance self-evaluation Stockholders have the ability to include nominees in our proxy statement (so-called proxy access rights) RISK OVERSIGHT The Board oversees the Company s overall risk management structure Individual Board committees oversee certain risks related to their specific areas of responsibility The Company maintains a robust enterprise risk management program Board Leadership Structure The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the offices of the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and the Chair of the Board ( Chair ) may be either combined or separated at the discretion of the Board. We currently separate the roles of CEO and Chair, and our Board is led by an independent, non-executive Chair. We believe separating the roles of CEO and Chair enhances the accountability of the CEO to the Board, strengthens the Board s independence from management, and ensures a greater role for the independent directors in their oversight of the Company. In addition, it allows our CEO to focus her efforts on running our business and managing the Company in the best interests of our stockholders, while the Chair provides guidance to the CEO and, in consultation with management, helps to set the agenda for Board meetings and establish priorities and procedures for the work of the Board. The Chair presides over meetings of the Board as well as executive sessions (without management), which the Board generally holds at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines also provide that a majority of the independent directors will select a lead independent director when the Chair does not qualify as an independent director. In the event that a lead independent director is designated, his or her duties would include: assisting the Chair and the Board in assuring compliance with and implementation of the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines; coordinating agendas for and moderating sessions of the Board s non-management directors; and facilitating communications between the non-management directors and the other members of the Board and the Company s management. 2 Table of Contents Corporate Governance The Board believes that the current Board leadership structure with separate CEO and Chair roles is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders at this time. The Board recognizes that no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all times and that, depending on the circumstances, other leadership models, such as combining the Chair and CEO roles, may be appropriate at certain times. Accordingly, the Board periodically reviews its leadership structure. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide the flexibility for the Board to modify or continue its leadership structure in the future, as it deems appropriate. Independence Board member independence is an essential element of Ulta Beauty s corporate governance. The Board has determined that each current non-employee director is free of any relationship that would interfere with his or her ability to exercise independent judgment with regard to Ulta Beauty. Each member of, and nominee for, the Board is independent, other than our CEO. Each member of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating Corporate Governance Committees of the Board satisfies the independence requirements of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ( NASDAQ ) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Board of Directors Meetings and Committees During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026 ( fiscal 2025 ), the Board held seven meetings. The Board has established and delegated certain of its authority to three committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee. During fiscal 2025, no incumbent director attended less than 75% of the aggregate meetings of the Board and of the committees on which they served that were held during the period for which they were a director or committee member, respectively. Directors are invited and expected to attend the Annual Meeting, and all our directors then in office attended our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the exception of Michael R. MacDonald, who was not standing for reelection at the meeting. The following table provides the composition of each of our committees as of April 22, 2026: Director Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Lorna E. Nagler* Martin Brok Michelle L. Collins Kelly E. Garcia Catherine A. Halligan Stephenie Landry Patricia A. Little George R. Mrkonic Heidi G. Petz Gisel Ruiz Michael C. Smith Kecia L. Steelman, CEO Committee Chair Member * Non-Executive Board Chair Each of our Board committees has adopted a charter that has been approved by the Board, is reviewed regularly, and complies with current NASDAQ rules relating to corporate governance matters. Copies of the committee charters are available under Governance in the Investor Relations section of the Ulta Beauty website at https://ulta.com/investor. Each committee is composed solely of independent directors and regularly reports on its activities to the full Board. 3 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Audit Committee Meetings in FY25: 10 Members: Responsibilities and Qualifications: Patricia A. Little (chair) Martin Brok Kelly E. Garcia Stephenie Landry Heidi G. Petz Michael C. Smith Assisting the Board in monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements Overseeing the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence, and performance, with direct responsibility for the appointment, compensation, retention (including termination), and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm Overseeing the performance of our internal audit function, including maintaining a direct reporting line with the Company s head of internal audit Overseeing the enterprise risk assessment and management program, including data privacy, cybersecurity, AI, and technology risks Pre-approving all audit and allowable non-audit services by the independent registered public accounting firm Overseeing the Company s compliance program, including monitoring compliance with the Code of Business Conduct and related policies and providing oversight of the Company s whistleblower reporting program All members have been determined to be independent and financially literate under current NASDAQ listing standards, including those standards applicable specifically to audit committee members. The Board has determined that Ms. Little and Mr. Smith are audit committee financial experts as defined by the SEC based a qualitative assessment of each member s level of knowledge and experience. Compensation Committee Meetings in FY25: 7 Members: Responsibilities: Gisel Ruiz (chair) Martin Brok Michelle L. Collins Catherine A. Halligan Stephenie Landry George R. Mrkonic Overseeing and approving the Company s compensation philosophy Reviewing and approving the compensation of the CEO and each of the Company s other executive officers as defined by Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and officers as defined by Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act (collectively, the Covered Officers ) Reviewing and recommending to the Board the compensation of non-employee directors Overseeing, establishing, and reviewing compensation policies for all associates, including reviewing compensation structures, policies, and procedures Establishing, amending, and terminating compensation and benefits plans and administering such plans, including the Company s executive compensation clawback policy Periodically reviewing and discussing with management the Company s human capital management strategies and policies Overseeing and reviewing succession plans for Covered Officers 4 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Nominating corporate governance Committee Meetings in FY25: 7 Members: Responsibilities: George R. Mrkonic (chair) Kelly E. Garcia Catherine A. Halligan Michael C. Smith Identifying and evaluating qualified candidates to become Board members Selecting candidates for recommendation to the Board as nominees for election as directors at annual meetings of stockholders (or special meetings of stockholders at which directors are to be elected) Selecting candidates for recommendation to the Board to fill any vacancies on the Board Reviewing the performance and independence of each director, and in appropriate circumstances, recommending the removal of a director Overseeing and reviewing the composition of the committees of the Board, making recommendations to the Board regarding the selection of the members and chairs of the committees, and considering related Board succession planning matters Overseeing the implementation of and monitoring compliance with Ulta Beauty s Political Activity Policy Overseeing and periodically reviewing the Company s strategies, policies, practices, goals, and programs relating to corporate responsibility and sustainability, including through the Company s annual Corporate Responsibility Report, except where delegated to other Board committees Reviewing director and officer indemnification matters, overseeing director orientation and continuing education, and overseeing the Company s engagement with external stakeholders as it pertains to governance and related matters Overseeing Board, committee, and director evaluations Periodically reviewing the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and other governance policies AI Advisory Group To assist the Board and its committees in their supervision of the Company s strategy, opportunities, and risks relating to AI, the Board in February 2026 established an informal AI advisory group composed of directors. The group s role is strictly advisory in nature, with all matters of formal oversight, approval, and policy adoption remaining with the Board and its committees. The group s primary activities consist of meeting from time to time with Company management and external experts to (i) survey AI developments, (ii) assess and advise on potential strategic opportunities and risk controls, and (iii) prepare non-binding recommendations and briefing materials for the Board and/or its committees to support their oversight duties with respect to AI. Mr. Garcia, Ms. Halligan, Ms. Landry, and Mr. Smith are the initial members of the group, with Mr. Garcia having been selected as its leader. No directors receive additional compensation for their participation in the group. 5 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Board Role in Risk Oversight Our Board oversees an enterprise-wide approach to risk management, designed to support the achievement of organizational objectives, including strategic objectives, improve long-term organizational performance, and enhance stockholder value. Management is responsible for the Company s day-to-day risk management activities and processes, and our Board s role is to engage in informed oversight of, and provide guidance with respect to, such risk management activities and processes. The Board recognizes that a fundamental part of risk management is not only understanding the risks the Company faces and the steps management is taking to manage those risks, but also understanding what level of risk is appropriate for the Company. As such, the Board focuses on understanding the nature of our enterprise risks, including operational, financial, legal and regulatory, technology (including AI), cybersecurity, strategic, competitive, and reputational risks, as well as climate related and environmental risks. The Board also focuses on understanding the adequacy of our risk assessment and risk management processes. To facilitate this understanding, the Board and its committees receive regular management and advisory committee updates on our business operations, financial results, and strategy, and the Board discusses and provides guidance with respect to risks related to those topics. While the Board has the ultimate oversight responsibility for the risk management process, each Board committee also has responsibility for overseeing certain risks within the scope of such committee s remit. The Audit Committee oversees risks associated with financial accounting and audits, internal control over financial reporting, as well as data privacy, cybersecurity, AI, and other technology risks. The Audit Committee also oversees the implementation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and monitors compliance therewith. In addition to its oversight of these and other substantive risks, the Audit Committee also oversees the Company s enterprise risk management program, through which it assists the Board in its risk oversight function by discussing with management the Company s risk assessment and management policies, major and emerging risk exposures, including significant financial risk exposures, and the actions taken by management to limit, monitor, and/or mitigate such exposures. The Compensation Committee oversees risks relating to the Company s compensation policies and practices. In setting compensation, the Compensation Committee strives to create incentives that encourage a level of risk-taking behavior consistent with the Company s risk appetite and business strategy. The Compensation Committee oversees risks relating to the Company s development and implementation of human capital development plans and succession planning practices to ensure that the Company has sufficient management depth to support its continued growth and the executive talent needed to execute long-term strategies. In addition, the Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing with management the Company s policies, practices, and strategies relating to human capital management as they relate to the Company s workforce generally, including policies and strategies regarding recruiting, selection, talent development, progression and retention, succession planning, workplace health and safety, and culture, including engagement, inclusion, and belonging. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee oversees risks relating to the Company s governance structures and practices, including ensuring that the Board membership maintains an appropriate mix of skills, experiences, and capabilities to appropriately exercise its responsibilities. In furtherance of these responsibilities, the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee oversees implementation of the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board evaluation process, and the process for recommending candidates to the Board for nomination as directors and membership on Board committees. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee also monitors compliance with the Company s policy prohibiting use of corporate funds to support political campaigns and oversees the Company s engagement with stockholders, proxy advisory firms, and other stakeholders concerning governance and related matters. 6 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Director Age Limit Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that any director who reaches the age of 75 years will not be eligible to stand for election at the next annual meeting unless the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee, after evaluation of the continued appropriateness of Board membership in light of all relevant circumstances, decides to recommend to the Board that an exception be made and the Board approves such exception. MAJORITY VOTE STANDARD FOR ELECTION OF DIRECTORS AND DIRECTOR RESIGNATION POLICY Our Bylaws require that, in an uncontested election, each director be elected by a majority of the votes cast by the shares present virtually or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at in such election, such that the number of shares voted for a director nominee must exceed the number of shares voted against that nominee. A plurality voting standard is applicable to any contested election of directors. A contested election of directors is one in which the number of nominees for director is greater than the number of directors to be elected. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that, following any election of directors other than a contested election, any incumbent director who was a nominee and who did not receive a majority of the votes cast by the shares present virtually or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting must promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines further provide that a recommendation on whether or not to accept such a resignation will then be made by the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee or, if each member of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee did not receive the required majority vote or the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee is otherwise unable to act, a majority of the Board will appoint a special committee of independent directors for the purpose of making a recommendation to the Board (the committee with authority to act is referred to as the Nominating Committee ). If no independent directors receive the required majority vote, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the Board act on the resignations. Within 60 days following certification of the stockholder vote, the Nominating Committee will recommend to the Board the action to be taken. Any director who tenders his or her resignation will not participate in the Nominating Committee recommendation or Board action regarding whether to accept the resignation. The Board will determine whether to accept the resignation within 90 days following certification of the stockholder vote in accordance with the procedures and factors set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Nomination Process Qualifications Pursuant to its charter, the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee annually evaluates the composition of the Board to assess whether the skills, experiences, characteristics, and other criteria for Board membership approved by the Board and set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines are currently represented on the Board as a whole and in individual directors and considers these factors when evaluating director candidates. What We Do: We review the skills and experiences of the Board members The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing the appropriate skills and experiences in the context of prevailing business conditions and the unique needs of Ulta Beauty and, in its nominating committee capacity, for making recommendations regarding the size, composition, and desired complementary skill sets of the Board. 7 Table of Contents Corporate Governance We search for appropriate candidates based on recommendations We consider potential director candidates recommended by current directors, officers, associates (i.e., employees), and others. We also consider any stockholder recommendations for candidates for the Board. Stockholders who want to suggest a candidate for consideration should send a written notice addressed to the Corporate Secretary. We have periodically engaged search firms to help provide us with candidates, especially when we are looking for a candidate with a particular expertise, quality, skill, or background. We interview candidates and deliberate The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee screens all potential candidates in the same manner, regardless of the source of the recommendation. The review is typically based on any written materials provided with respect to potential candidates as well as appropriate due diligence, and the committee reviews such materials to determine the qualifications, experiences, and background of the candidates. Final candidates are typically interviewed by members of the committee and other members of the Board, as appropriate. After review of and deliberation regarding all feedback and data, the committee makes a recommendation to the full Board regarding who should be nominated by the Board. Key Objectives and Considerations: The objective of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee is to create and sustain a Board that brings to Ulta Beauty a variety of perspectives and skills derived from high-quality business and professional experience and that has the appropriate skills and experience to oversee execution of our strategic plans. Both the Board and the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee believe that it is essential for Board members to represent diverse viewpoints, backgrounds, experiences, expertise, and skill sets, including diversity of age, gender, nationality, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation, as well as differences in professional experience, education, skill, and other individual qualities and attributes that contribute to an active, effective Board. We value our stockholders input and encourage them to nominate candidates. To submit a candidate, please follow the process outlined under the Nomination of Directors header in the Questions and Answers section of this proxy statement. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee evaluates each individual in the context of our Board as a whole with the objective of assembling a group that can best perpetuate the success of our Company and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee recommends those candidates who possess the highest personal and professional integrity, have prior experience in corporate management and relevant industries, maintain academic or operational expertise in an area of our business, and demonstrate practical and mature business judgment. All Board membership nominations and recommendations are based upon the merit of the individual being evaluated or nominated. Our Board has also adopted proxy access for director nominees. Proxy access means that any stockholder or group of up to 20 stockholders owning 3% or more of our common stock continuously for at least three years may nominate and include in our proxy materials director nominees totaling up to the greater of two directors or 20% of the Board. For more information about proxy access, see the Nomination of Directors header in the Questions and Answers section of this proxy statement. Insider Trading Policy The Board has adopted an Insider Trading Policy that governs the purchase, sale, and other acquisition or disposition of our stock by our directors, officers, and associates. This policy is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, related SEC rules and regulations, and NASDAQ listing standards. In addition, it is our policy that the Company will not trade in its stock when it is aware of material nonpublic information. 8 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Code of Business Conduct All Ulta Beauty associates, officers, and Board members must always act ethically and in accordance with the Ulta Beauty Code of Business Conduct (the Code ). All corporate associates, officers, and Board members have signed a certificate acknowledging that they have read, understand, and will continue to comply with the Code, and all corporate associates and officers are required to read and acknowledge the Code on an annual basis. Ulta Beauty includes the Code in new hire materials for all corporate associates. The Code is published under Governance in the Investor Relations section of the Ulta Beauty website located at https://ulta.com/investor . Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Board adopted the Corporate Governance Guidelines to assist the Board in the exercise of its responsibilities. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are published under Governance in the Investor Relations section of the Ulta Beauty website located at https://ulta.com/investor . Director Ownership Guidelines Our Board has adopted share ownership guidelines requiring each non-employee director to hold shares of our common stock or restricted stock units with a value equal to at least five times the annual cash retainer paid to non-employee directors by the fifth anniversary of the date that such director joins the Board. As of January 31, 2026, each non-employee director serving for at least five years met or exceeded the ownership guideline. Stockholder Outreach We believe that effective corporate governance includes ongoing dialogue between the Company and our stockholders. Throughout the year, members of Company management engage with stockholders on a regular basis to discuss matters such as the Company s performance, outlook, and strategic initiatives. In addition, in the period leading up to our annual meeting of stockholders, we may engage with stockholders regarding the proposals that are presented in our proxy statement. In fiscal 2025, we established a cross-functional stockholder engagement team that included our Chief Legal Officer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, and other members of our investor relations, legal, and compensation teams to conduct additional stockholder engagement outside of our regular quarterly and proxy season engagements. The objective of this program is to establish and maintain annual engagement (typically during the fall of each year) with our stockholders to gather their feedback and perspectives regarding our Board s composition and refreshment, its oversight of key areas including company strategy, growth, and risk management, sustainability-related considerations, Board and other corporate governance matters, and executive compensation, as well as to identify opportunities for potential improvement in these areas. In fiscal 2025, the Company discussed these and other matters with stockholders representing over 60% of the Company s outstanding shares. Feedback from these discussions is communicated to the Board and its committees for review and consideration and helps guide our governance, compensation, and corporate responsibility practices. Stockholder Communication We welcome communication from our stockholders. Any stockholder can communicate in writing with the Board on matters pertaining to Ulta Beauty by addressing their comments to the Board of Directors, c/o Corporate Secretary, Ulta Beauty, Inc., 1000 Remington Blvd., Suite 120, Bolingbrook, IL 60440, or by e-mail at InvestorRelations@ulta.com. Our Corporate Secretary will review all correspondence addressed to our Board or any individual director and will forward appropriate stockholder communications to the Board prior to its next regularly scheduled meeting following the receipt of such communication. Our Corporate Secretary will also forward any stockholder correspondence that is more suitably directed to management to the appropriate member(s) of the management team. In addition, upon request of the Board, our Corporate Secretary will summarize all correspondence not forwarded to the Board and make such correspondence available to the Board for its review. 9 Table of Contents Corporate Governance PROPOSAL ONE : ELECTION OF DIRECTORS What are you voting on? You are being asked to elect each of Martin Brok, Kelly E. Garcia, Catherine A. Halligan, Stephenie Landry, Patricia A. Little, George R. Mrkonic, Lorna E. Nagler, Gisel Ruiz, Michael C. Smith, and Kecia L. Steelman, as directors to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Board is currently composed of twelve members, eleven of whom are non-employee, independent directors. Each director is elected to the Board to serve a term that expires at the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her resignation, removal, or death. Michelle L. Collins, a director since 2014, and Heidi G. Petz, a director since 2022, have opted to retire from the Board as of the date of the Annual Meeting and will not be standing for re-election. The Board will accordingly reduce its size from twelve to ten directors effective immediately following the Annual Meeting. We thank Ms. Collins and Ms. Petz for their service on the Board. Vacancies on our Board may be filled by persons elected by a majority of the remaining directors. A director elected by the Board to fill a vacancy, including a vacancy created by an increase in size of the Board, will serve for the remainder of the annual term and until that director s successor is elected. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast by the shares present virtually or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be required to approve the nominees for election, assuming the election is uncontested (a plurality voting standard applies in contested elections). For this purpose, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director s election must exceed the number of shares voted against that director s election. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted towards a quorum but will not be counted for any purpose in determining whether the nominees have been elected. For additional information on our majority voting in uncontested elections of directors policy and our policy on incumbent director resignation in an uncontested election, please see Corporate Governance Majority Vote Standard for Election of Directors and Director Resignation Policy above. Summary of Qualifications and Experience of Director Nominees The following table highlights the most relevant areas of specific skills, qualifications, attributes, and professional experiences that the Board considered for each director nominee. In addition to executive leadership, which all our directors possess, a particular director may possess additional experiences, qualifications, attributes, or skills, even if not expressly indicated as one of the most relevant below. Director Skills Matrix CEO Experience Governance Finance Retail E-commerce Digital/Technology Distribution Marketing Strategy Operations Cybersecurity/ Privacy International Lorna E. Nagler Martin Brok Kelly E. Garcia Catherine A. Halligan Stephenie Landry Patricia A. Little George R. Mrkonic Gisel Ruiz Michael C. Smith Kecia L. Steelman Top-3 Skill or Experience Other Key Skill or Experience 10 Table of Contents Corporate Governance The below table provides background information regarding our Board, including with respect to tenure and ethnic and gender diversity, as of January 31, 2026. Board member demographics INFORMATION ABOUT OUR DIRECTOR NOMINEES What are you voting on? You are being asked to elect each of Martin Brok, Kelly E. Garcia, Catherine A. Halligan, Stephenie Landry, Patricia A. Little, George R. Mrkonic, Lorna E. Nagler, Gisel Ruiz, Michael C. Smith, and Kecia L. Steelman as directors to hold office until our 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their resignation, removal, or death. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE IN FAVOR OF EACH NAMED NOMINEE 11 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Nominees For Election: Martin Brok Kelly E. Garcia INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Audit Compensation Director Since: 2025 Age: 59 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Audit Nominating Corporate Governance Director Since: 2022 Age: 51 DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Brok brings to the Board deep experience in the areas of retailing, merchandising, and brand strategy gained over more than 35 years of leadership in consumer-facing businesses. The breadth of his global experience, his strategic and financial acumen, and his track record of leading omnichannel innovation and integration position him well to contribute to the Board s oversight of the Company s strategic initiatives. KEY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE Strategy: Demonstrated keen strategic mindset throughout career, driving disruptive innovation, leading significant business transformations, and unlocking international and digital growth. Retail: Developed significant expertise in digital commerce and consumer analytics in roles at global retailers. Skilled at building and scaling brands. Led initiatives at Sephora to rebuild internal technology infrastructure, enhance digital and personalization capabilities, and focus on seamless customer experiences. International: Gained from his leadership of business units across Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and North America as well as board service on companies in diverse industries in the U.S. and Europe. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS MB CAPITAL ADVISORS global investment and advisory services firm Founder and CEO (since 2022) ADVENT INTERNATIONAL global private equity firm Operating Partner (since 2022) SEPHORA SA global omnichannel prestige beauty retailer CEO and President (2020-2022) STARBUCKS CORPORATION (NASDAQ: SBUX) multinational roaster, marketer, and retailer of specialty coffee products President, Europe, Middle East, and Africa (2016-2020) SVP, Strategic Partnerships (2016) Previous consumer products experience with NIKE, INC. (NYSE: NKE), BURGER KING CORPORATION, and THE COCA-COLA CORPORATION (NYSE: KO). OTHER PUBLIC BOARD DIRECTORSHIPS Oatly Group AB (NASDAQ: OTLY) (since 2023) EDUCATION B.B.A., Georgia State University, Marketing P.M.D., Harvard Business School DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Garcia contributes to the Board his industry-leading expertise developing and implementing strategic technology initiatives to support and improve business operations, with a proven track record of revolutionizing online consumer experience with global reach. His qualifications include over 25 years of professional technology and leadership experience, including roles with responsibility for digital innovation, development of global commercial software products, e-commerce analytics, and customer loyalty, cybersecurity, and data privacy. KEY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE E-commerce Digital/Technology: Acquired while serving in a number of senior leadership roles, including as Chief Technology Officer at Domino s, where he transformed the online customer experience and continues to earn industry recognition for adopting leading technological innovation tools that elevate the customer experience, including the development of multiple global software platforms integral to Domino s e-commerce strategy with the integration of mobile ordering and GPS capabilities. Cybersecurity/Privacy: Developed through his experience leading multifunctional teams responsible for building out Domino s suite of global software platforms and integrations with other service and hardware providers, with special focus on the adoption of cybersecurity and data privacy protocols to ensure the protection of enterprise platforms and consumer information. International: Obtained through executive leadership roles where he was responsible for scaling technology platforms to support Domino s international operations and various leadership roles overseeing global business and strategic marketing intelligence for international stakeholders at prior employers. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS DOMINO S PIZZA, INC . (NYSE: DPZ) multinational pizza restaurant chain Chief Technology Officer (since 2020) SVP, eCommerce Development and Emerging Technologies (2016 2020) VP, eCommerce Development (2012 2016) Previous information technology and analytics experience with R.L. POLK COMPANY (acquired by IHS Inc. in 2013). EDUCATION B.S., The Ohio State University, Computer Science Engineering 12 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Catherine A. Halligan Stephenie Landry INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Compensation Nominating Corporate Governance Director Since: 2012 Age: 63 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Audit Compensation Director Since: 2025 Age: 48 DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Halligan contributes to the Board over 20 years of experience in digital transformation, disruptive technology, marketing, omnichannel business capabilities, and e-commerce in the retail and software-as-a-service ( SaaS ) industries. She has a proven track record of developing high growth online platforms and strategic brand and marketing strategies to drive exceptional customer experience and contributes to the Board her extensive public company board expertise. KEY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE E-Commerce Digital/Technology: Developed from her experiences leading e-commerce and digital sales growth and transformation and technological disruption strategies for prominent retailers, including Walmart.com, Williams-Sonoma, and Blue Nile, in addition to her leadership and strategic advisory experience with SaaS companies. Retail: Obtained through multiple executive leadership and public board roles across domestic and international retailers with store and digital operations. Strategy: Gained from her extensive experience in marketing and e-commerce leadership roles and her tenure as an associate partner at a management consulting firm advising multinational corporations on growth, transformation, branding , and marketing. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS POWERREVIEWS INC . (acquired by 1WorldSync in 2023) leading social commerce network SVP, Sales and Marketing (2010 2012) WALMART INC . (NYSE: WMT) multinational retail corporation operating general merchandise and grocery stores VP Market Development, Global eCommerce, Walmart Inc. (2009 2010) Chief Marketing Officer, Walmart.com (2007 2009) VP, Product Management and Multi-Channel Integration ( 2006 2007) Strategic Advisor, Walmart.com (2005-2006) Previous retail experience with BLUE NILE, WILLIAMS-SONOMA, and GYMBOREE. OTHER PUBLIC BOARD DIRECTORSHIPS JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. (NYSE: JELD) (since 2022) Driven Brands Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: DRVN) (since 2020) Ferguson Plc (NYSE: FERG) (since 2019) EDUCATION B.S., Northern Illinois University, Finance DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Landry brings to the Board over 20 years of leadership in consumer technology, retail operations, and strategic transformation. Her deep experience leading complex global operations, driving product innovations, and leading strategic initiatives that helped to transform grocery shopping and logistics enables her to contribute invaluable insights to Board discussions. In addition to her operational and digital innovation expertise, Ms. Landry contributes sustainability leadership gained from her experience leading Amazon s net-zero initiative as its Vice President of Sustainability. KEY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE E-Commerce Digital/Technology: Developed through extensive experience blending cutting-edge technology with a disciplined operational approach to create disruptive products and services. Operations: Proven track record of scaling global operations and delivering consistent business growth and profitability improvement, including through her leadership of Amazon s grocery business during the COVID-19 pandemic. Strategy: Significant experience driving large-scale changes and fostering innovation within complex organizations, including through conceptualizing and launching Amazon s Prime Now delivery service in only 111 days. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS HONOR TECHNOLOGY eldercare services company Chief Operating Officer (2024-2025) AMAZON.COM INC . (NASDAQ: AMZN) global e-commerce, cloud computing, and technology leader Vice President, Sustainability (2023-2024) Vice President, Worldwide Grocery (2020-2023) Vice President, Amazon Fresh Whole Foods Online (2017-2020) Vice President, Prime Now (2014-2017) EDUCATION B.A., Wellesley College M.B.A., University of Michigan 13 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Patricia A. Little George R. Mrkonic INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Audit (Chair since 2024) Director Since: 2019 Age: 65 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Nominating Corporate Governance (Chair since 2022) Compensation Director Since: 2015 Age: 73 DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Little contributes deep financial and leadership expertise to the Board developed over a career of more than 30 years in finance, accounting, and treasury roles with multinational companies, along with a strong track record of supporting the development of profitable, sustainable international business models through strategic capital allocation and disciplined enterprise cost management. KEY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE Finance: Developed throughout her extensive executive leadership career in corporate finance, including serving as CFO of The Hershey Company and Kelly Services Inc. In these positions Ms. Little oversaw enterprise financial systems, strategic capital allocation strategies, enterprise risk management functions, and financial reporting. International: Obtained through leadership roles at multinational organizations, including at Ford Motor Company, Kelly Services Inc., and The Hershey Company, where she managed an internationally based finance organization. Marketing: Gained through her leadership experiences at consumer-oriented and brand-driven companies, developed through cross-functional corporate partnerships to develop effective marketing capital allocation strategies that supported top -line growth. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS THE HERSHEY COMPANY (NYSE: HSY) US multinational confectionary company Chief Financial Officer (2015 2019) KELLY SERVICES, INC . (NYSE: MKC) leading provider of staffing and workforce solutions Chief Financial Officer (2008 2015) FORD MOTOR COMPANY (NYSE: F) US multinational automobile manufacturer General Auditor (2006 2008) Senior leadership roles in accounting and corporate finance (1984 2006) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD DIRECTORSHIPS McCormick Company, Inc. (NYSE: MKC) (2010-2025) EDUCATION B.S., Drake University, Accounting M.S.I.A., Carnegie Mellon University DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Mrkonic contributes to the Board his deep expertise in corporate strategy, finance, governance, and industry leadership stemming from his more than 40 years of experience in the retail and manufacturing sectors as a senior executive and director of large public retail companies, providing him with a broad understanding of the complex strategic issues facing retail companies. KEY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE Governance: Attained from service on multiple public company boards, including North American and UK retail companies. Strategy: Developed through his leadership roles with national retailers, overseeing strategy development and implementation across large retail operations. Finance: Gained from his experience serving in senior financial leadership roles at complex retail organizations, where he was responsible for financial reporting, development and implementation of capital allocation strategies, and internal audit. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS BORDERS GROUP, INC . former book and music retail chain Director (1994 2004) Vice Chair (1994 2002) President (1994 1997) KMART SPECIALTY RETAILING GROUP group under the nationwide retail chain Kmart Corporation President (1990 1994) Previous retail experience with EYELAB, INC., HERMAN S WORLD OF SPORTING GOODS, and W.R. GRACE COMPANY. OTHER PUBLIC BOARD DIRECTORSHIPS AutoZone, Inc. (NYSE: AZO) (since 2006) Brinker International Inc. (NYSE: EAT) (2003 2022) EDUCATION B.A., Stanford University, Economics M.A., Stanford University, Economics M.B.A., Harvard Business School 14 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Lorna E. Nagler Gisel Ruiz INDEPENDENT CHAIR OF THE BOARD (since 2022) COMMITTEES None Director Since: 2009 Age: 69 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Compensation (Chair since 2024) Director Since: 2022 Age: 55 DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Nagler contributes to the Board nearly 40 years of retail expertise, including first-hand experience leading a wide variety of retail companies. She brings an extensive understanding of merchandising and operations strategies, as well as in-depth knowledge and capabilities in customer loyalty programs with multi-faceted customer bases. KEY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE Retail: Developed through extensive senior leadership experiences serving at a variety of national retail companies with a strong track record of successfully introducing new national brands and transforming customer relations management capabilities. Operations: Attained expertise through overseeing all aspects of retail operations, including global supply chain management, merchandizing, marketing, risk and reputation management, and talent engagement. Governance: Acquired through service on other public company boards, which enhanced her governance expertise and enables her to strengthen our Board s oversight capabilities. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS BEALLS DEPARTMENT STORES, INC . department store specializing in home goods, apparel, and accessories President (2011 2016) CHRISTOPHER BANKS CORPORATION (acquired by iMedia Brands, Inc. in 2021) specialty retailer of women s clothing President and Chief Executive Officer (2007 2010) Previous retail experience with CHARMING SHOPPES, INC., KMART CORPORATION, KIDS R US, MONTGOMERY WARD, and MAIN STREET DEPARTMENT STORES. OTHER PUBLIC BOARD DIRECTORSHIPS Leslie s, Inc. (NASDAQ: LESL) (since 2024) Hibbett, Inc . (acquired by JD Sports Fashion plc in 2024) (2019 - 2024) EDUCATION B.S., University of Wisconsin, Retail DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Ruiz contributes to the Board over 25 years of professional retail and leadership experience, including executive and senior management positions with oversight responsibilities spanning across cost optimization, real estate operations, in-store innovation, sustainability, and human capital. Her successful track record of leading digital and multi-channel transformation, enabling large scale growth, and driving innovative tech-enabled consumer experiences further enhances the Board s oversight capabilities. KEY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE Retail: Acquired from her deep retail executive leadership experience at Walmart, where she was responsible for the oversight of over 4,100 U.S. Walmart stores, 1.3 million employees, and P L responsibility for the organization s $279 billion in revenue. Operations: Gained from her experience leading complex operations and human resources functions in senior and executive level leadership positions for Walmart U.S. and Sam s Club, where she served as COO overseeing operations, real estate, territory sales, food service operation, and in-store innovation. International: Obtained from her unique directorships on multinational company boards, including Walmart de Mexico, S.A.B. de CB, and leadership role responsible for Walmart s international human resources function across 27 countries. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS SAM S CLUB leading membership warehouse retail division of Walmart EVP , Chief Operating Officer (2017 2019) WALMART INC . (NYSE: WMT) multinational retail corporation operating general merchandise and grocery stores EVP, International Human Resources (2015 2017) EVP, Chief Operating Officer (2012 2015) Various other leadership roles (1992 2012) OTHER BOARD DIRECTORSHIPS Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (NASDAQ: CBRL) (since 2020) Vital Farms, Inc. (NASDAQ: VITL) (since 2020) TelevisaUnivision (since 2020) EDUCATION B.S., Santa Clara University, Marketing 15 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Michael C. Smith Kecia L. Steelman INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMMITTEES Audit Nominating Corporate Governance Director Since: 2019 Age: 56 PRESIDENT CEO COMMITTEES None Director Since: 2025 Age: 55 DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Smith contributes over 25 years of professional retail experience and a strong understanding of data analytics and logistics through a customer-centric lens. He additionally brings differentiated operational leadership expertise in the financial services, technology, and retail industries as well as deep financial acumen gained from leading complex businesses, serving as Stitch Fix s interim CFO, and extensive venture capital experience. KEY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE E-commerce Digital/Technology: Acquired from his leadership roles at Stitch Fix and Walmart, where he led one of the most successful omnichannel offerings in retail through the site-to store-launch of over 3,500 stores. Distribution: As an expert in operations, logistics, and driving growth in retail, his distribution leadership has included responsibilities for inbound and outbound transportation, reverse logistics, customer service, customer experience, and order management, as well as managing retailer relationships with national logistics and shipping companies. Retail: Developed during his tenure as an innovative consumer sector leader, including as President Chief Operating Officer at Stitch Fix, where he was instrumental in scaling the business to a public company and where he oversaw client experience and merchandising. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS FOOTWORK early-stage focused venture capital firm Co-Founder and General Partner (since 2021) STITCH FIX, INC . (NASDAQ: SFIX) online personal styling service and retailer President and Chief Operating Officer (2018 2021, COO from 2012 2016 and 2017 2021) Interim Chief Financial Officer (2019 2021) General Manager, Stitch Fix Men (2016 2017) WALMART INC . (NYSE: WMT) multinational retail corporation operating general merchandise and grocery stores VP and Chief Operations Officer, Walmart.com (2008 2012) Sr. Manager and Director (2003 2008) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD DIRECTORSHIPS MillerKnoll, Inc. (NASDAQ: MLKN) (since 2019) Stitch Fix, Inc. (NASDAQ: SFIX) (2020 2022) EDUCATION B.A., University of Virginia, Interdisciplinary Studies M.B.A., University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS As the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Steelman contributes valuable insight to the Board regarding the Company s strategy, operations, technology, leadership team, and associates. With more than 30 years of experience at high-growth retailers across industries, she has developed a deep understanding of retail and the strategies needed to succeed in a fast-evolving environment. She also has a proven record of leading and transforming top retail brands to create positive impact across multiple stakeholder communities. KEY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE Retail : Acquired deep functional knowledge of all aspects of retail during her 30+ years in retail leadership roles across companies and industries. Prior to her appointment as CEO, she served as the Company s President Chief Operating Officer, with responsibility for operations, supply chain, IT, and strategy and transformation. Operations : Developed deep operational expertise in retail store operations throughout her career in retail. Led operations for the Company for 10 years prior to becoming CEO, among other things overseeing the opening of more than 700 stores, launching Ulta Beauty @ Target, and initiating international store expansion. Strategy: Stemming from her experience across retailers, she served as strategic advisor for the respective areas she led, contributing to overall organizational success. She led the Company s strategy team from 2021 to 2024, launching the Ulta Beauty Unleashed strategy and spearheading the Company s international growth and launch of new go-to-market capabilities. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS ULTA BEAUTY, INC . (NASDAQ: ULTA) President and Chief Executive Officer (since 2025) President and Chief Operating Officer (2023-2025) Chief Operating Officer (2021 2023) Chief Store Operations Officer (2015-2021) Senior Vice President, Store Operations (2014-2015) Previous retail experience with FAMILY DOLLAR (NASDAQ: FDO), HOME DEPOT (NASDAQ: HD), and TARGET CORPORATION (NASDAQ: TGT). OTHER PUBLIC BOARD DIRECTORSHIPS Pinterest, Inc. (NYSE: PINS) (since February 2026) EDUCATION B.S., Kennedy Western University, Business Management 16 Table of Contents Corporate Governance NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION FOR FISCAL 202 5 We strive to promote an ownership mentality among our key leadership and Board members. The Company utilizes equity compensation to encourage our directors to maintain meaningful stock ownership in the Company, aligning our directors interests with those of our stockholders. As a result, each non-employee director is granted an annual equity retainer equal to $175,000 in the form of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) (rounded up to the nearest whole share), valued using the share price of our common stock on the grant date, which typically occurs on the date of our annual meeting of stockholders. For fiscal 2025, each non-employee director then in office received a grant of 383 RSUs on the date of our last annual meeting (June 11, 2025) that will vest on June 9, 2026. In addition to receiving equity compensation, each of our non-employee directors is also paid an annual cash retainer. Additionally, the Non-Executive Chair and each Board committee chair receives an additional cash retainer for serving in those roles. Cash payments are paid pro-rata in quarterly installments at the end of each fiscal quarter. The Compensation Committee reviews on a regular basis market data for the same peer group as it uses to evaluate executive compensation gathered by the Compensation Committee s independent advisor for purposes of evaluating non-employee director compensation. The following table sets forth the annual cash retainer amounts, by role, as of June 9, 2026: Role Cash Retainer ($) Non-Employee Director 125,000 Non-Executive Chair 200,000 Audit Committee Chair 40,000 Compensation Committee Chair 35,000 Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Chair 25,000 The following table provides information related to non-employee director compensation earned for fiscal 2025: Fees Earned or Stock Paid in Cash Awards (1) Total Name ($) ($) ($) Lorna E. Nagler 325,000 175,020 500,020 Martin Brok (2) 52,500 136,486 188,986 Michelle L. Collins 125,000 175,020 300,020 Kelly E. Garcia 125,000 175,020 300,020 Catherine A. Halligan 125,000 175,020 300,020 Stephenie Landry (2) 52,500 136,486 188,986 Patricia A. Little 165,000 175,020 340,020 Michael R. MacDonald (3) 44,688 44,688 George R. Mrkonic 150,000 175,020 325,020 Heidi G. Petz 125,000 175,020 300,020 Gisel Ruiz 160,000 175,020 335,020 Michael C. Smith 125,000 175,020 300,020 1. Amounts shown represent the grant date fair value as computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ( ASC 718 ). For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation reflected in this column, see Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2025 contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2026. 2. Represents pro-rated compensation for the portion of fiscal 2025 in which Mr. Brok and Ms. Landry, each of whom was appointed to the Board on September 1, 2025, served as directors. 3. Represents pro-rated compensation for the portion of fiscal 2025 in which Mr. MacDonald, who retired from the Board effective June 11, 2025, served as a director. 17 Table of Contents Corporate Governance The following table sets forth the outstanding RSUs held by our non-employee directors as of January 31, 2026: Restricted Stock Name Units (#) Lorna E. Nagler 383 Martin Brok 277 Michelle L. Collins (1) 383 Kelly E. Garcia 383 Catherine A. Halligan 383 Stephenie Landry 277 Patricia A. Little 383 George R. Mrkonic 383 Heidi G. Petz 383 Gisel Ruiz (1) 383 Michael C. Smith 383 1. Pursuant to the Company s Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Plan ), non-employee directors may elect to defer all of their cash retainer and/or equity retainer until the director s departure from the Board. Participants may direct the investment of their cash contributions to the Deferred Plan among several mutual funds, similar to those available to executives participating in the Deferred Plan. RSUs are held in a retirement account and any corresponding dividend equivalents that become payable are credited in additional RSUs. Ms. Collins and Ms. Ruiz elected to defer their RSUs received in fiscal 2025 until retirement or termination from the Board in accordance with the Deferred Plan. 18 Table of Contents Corporate Governance PROPOSAL TWO : APPROVAL OF THE PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO OUR CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO INCORPORATE DELAWARE LAW PROVISIONS REGARDING OFFICER EXCULPATION What are you voting on? You are being asked to approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to provide for exculpation of certain officers of the Company as permitted by amendments to Delaware law. Ulta Beauty is asking stockholders to approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), to provide for exculpation of certain officers of the Company as permitted by amendments to Delaware law (the Exculpation Amendment ). This proposal is a result of the Board s continuous effort to improve and enhance our corporate governance practices, policies, structures, and functioning, taking into account ongoing corporate governance trends, peer practices, and the views and perspectives of our stakeholders. The Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to provide for exculpation of certain officers of the Company. Accordingly, our Board has approved, and recommends that our stockholders approve, the proposed Exculpation Amendment as provided below. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL TWO PROPOSED Amendment In August 2022, the State of Delaware, the Company s state of incorporation, enacted legislation that permits Delaware corporations to limit the liability of certain of their officers in limited circumstances. Specifically, Section 102(b)(7) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ( DGCL ) was amended to authorize corporations to adopt a provision in their certificates of incorporation to eliminate or limit monetary liability of certain corporate officers (or exculpate them) for breaches of the fiduciary duty of care. Previously, the DGCL allowed only exculpation of directors under these circumstances. As amended, Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL authorizes corporations to provide for exculpation of the following officers: (i) the president, chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, chief legal officer, controller, treasurer, and chief accounting officer; (ii) named executive officers identified in the corporation s SEC filings; and (iii) other individuals who have, by written agreement, consented to be identified as an officer of the corporation. ARTICLE TWELVE of our Certificate of Incorporation currently provides for the exculpation of directors, but it does not include a provision that allows for the exculpation of officers. Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, as amended, only permits, and the Exculpation Amendment would only permit, the exculpation of the applicable officers in connection with direct claims brought by stockholders, including class actions, but would not eliminate such officers monetary liability for breach of fiduciary duty claims brought by the Company itself or for derivative claims brought by stockholders in the name of the Company. In addition, as is currently the case with directors under our Certificate of Incorporation, the Exculpation Amendment would not limit the liability of officers for any breach of the duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders, any acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, and any transaction from which the officer derived an improper personal benefit. The Board believes that it is important to provide protection from certain liabilities and expenses that may discourage prospective or current officers from accepting or continuing service with us or from taking appropriate risks in furtherance of the Company s interests. As with directors, officers frequently must make decisions in response to time-sensitive opportunities and challenges, which can create substantial risk of investigations, claims, actions, suits, or proceedings seeking to impose liability on the basis of hindsight. The Board also believes the Exculpation Amendment would better position the Company to attract exceptional officer candidates. In the absence of this exculpatory protection, candidates might be deterred from serving as officers due to exposure to personal liability and the risk that substantial expense will be incurred in defending lawsuits, regardless of merit. The Board has noted that a number of companies have adopted exculpation clauses 19 Table of Contents Corporate Governance similar to the Exculpation Amendment, and failing to adopt the Exculpation Amendment could impact our recruitment and retention of exceptional officer candidates. In considering the Exculpation Amendment, the Board also took into account the narrow class and type of claims from which such officers would be exculpated from liability, the limited number of our officers that would be impacted, and the benefits the Board believes would accrue to the Company by providing exculpation in accordance with Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, including the ability to further enable our officers to best exercise their business judgment in furtherance of stockholder interests. After weighing these considerations, the Board approved and declared it advisable to adopt, subject to stockholder approval, the Exculpation Amendment to provide for exculpation of certain officers of the Company as permitted by amendments to Delaware law. Additional Information Approval of Proposal Two will constitute approval of the Exculpation Amendment, as set forth in Appendix A to this Proxy Statement. If Proposal Two is approved, the Company intends to file a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware promptly following the Annual Meeting, to be effective at the time of that filing. In addition, if the stockholders approve the Exculpation Amendment and the Certificate of Amendment setting forth the Exculpation Amendment is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, we intend to file a Restated Certificate of Incorporation to integrate the Certificate of Incorporation, the Exculpation Amendment, the Forum Selection Amendment described below in Proposal Three (if approved by stockholders), and any other previously adopted amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation into a single document. The Board may, at any time prior to the effectiveness of the Exculpation Amendment, abandon the Exculpation Amendment without further action by the stockholders or the Board (even if the requisite stockholder vote is obtained). REQUIRED VOTE For the Exculpation Amendment to become effective, this proposal must receive the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock. If the Exculpation Amendment does not receive this level of stockholder approval, ARTICLE TWELVE of our Certificate of Incorporation will remain unchanged, our officers will not be entitled to exculpation under the DGCL, and no Certificate of Amendment setting forth the Exculpation Amendment will be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Approval of the Exculpation Amendment is not conditioned on the approval of the Forum Selection Amendment described in Proposal Three. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted toward a quorum and will have the same effect as a vote against this proposal. 20 Table of Contents Corporate Governance PROPOSAL THREE: Approval of the Proposed Amendment to Our Certificate of Incorporation to DESIGNATE AN EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS What are you voting on? You are being asked to approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to provide for courts located in Delaware to be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions and for federal district courts of the United States of America to be the exclusive forum for Securities Act claims. Ulta Beauty is asking stockholders to approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation (the Forum Selection Amendment ) to add an exclusive forum provision that would designate that courts located in Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions, as specified below, and that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). This proposal is a result of the Board s continuous effort to improve and enhance our corporate governance practices, policies, structures, and functioning, taking into account ongoing corporate governance trends, peer practices, and the views and perspectives of our stakeholders. The Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to provide for courts located in Delaware to be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions and for federal district courts of the United States of America to be the exclusive forum for Securities Act claims. Accordingly, our Board has approved, and recommends that our stockholders approve, the proposed Forum Selection Amendment as provided below. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL THREE PROPOSED Amendment Our Board has unanimously adopted and declared advisable, and resolved to recommend to the Company s stockholders that they approve and adopt, an amendment adding a new ARTICLE FIFTEEN to our Certificate of Incorporation to add a forum selection provision. The following description of the Forum Selection Amendment is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Appendix B to this proxy statement. The Forum Selection Amendment provides that, unless the Company, in writing, selects or consents to the selection of an alternative forum: the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee of the Company to the Company or its stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising under any provision of the DGCL, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine (collectively, the Delaware Forum Selection Provision ) and the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, to the fullest extent permitted by law (the Federal Forum Selection Provision ). Anyone who acquires or holds any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company will be deemed to consent to these terms. The Delaware Forum Selection Provision, in accordance with the requirements of the DGCL, provides that claims that would otherwise fall within the Delaware Forum Selection Provision, but for which the Delaware Court of 21 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction (such as derivative claims under the Exchange Act), may be brought in any court in Delaware that would have subject matter jurisdiction (such as, in the case of derivative claims under the Exchange Act, the federal district court in Delaware). Our Board believes that the Delaware Forum Selection Provision is in the best interests of the Company and will help maximize stockholder value by allowing us to ensure we are able to rely upon Delaware s well-established principles of corporate governance in making business and legal decisions. The Delaware legislature is sensitive to issues of corporate law and responsive to developments in modern corporate law. Delaware s specialized Chancery Court deals almost exclusively with corporate law and has streamlined procedures and processes to provide relatively quick decisions. In addition, the Delaware Supreme Court, the only Delaware appeals court, is highly regarded. These courts have considerable expertise in dealing with corporate issues and have developed a substantial and influential body of corporate case law. Further, we believe that stockholders and the Company will benefit from the responsiveness of the Delaware courts. Therefore, the prominence, predictability, and proactivity of the Delaware courts provide a reliable forum where our governance decisions can be based and litigated. The Federal Forum Selection Provision would regulate only the forum in which our stockholders may assert claims arising under the Securities Act; it would not impair the ability of stockholders to bring such claims nor affect the remedies available if such claims were ultimately successful. Moreover, the Federal Forum Selection Provision does not specify any particular U.S. federal district court as the exclusive forum for claims under the Securities Act, so a plaintiff could select, on the basis of convenience or for other reasons, subject to personal jurisdiction, the U.S. federal district court in any state as the forum for any such claim. Our Board believes that we and our stockholders will benefit from having causes of action arising under the Securities Act being litigated in the federal district courts of the United States. The Federal Forum Selection Provision is intended to provide a streamlined, efficient, and organized process for resolution of such disputes. The Federal Forum Selection Provision is intended to prevent plaintiff forum shopping and the related practice of filing parallel lawsuits in multiple state courts. In determining whether to adopt the Federal Forum Selection Provision, the Board considered a number of factors, including the following: potentially enabling the Company to avoid litigating actions on the same topic in both state and federal courts, with the associated duplication of litigation expenses and potential for inconsistent outcomes limiting forum shopping by plaintiffs lawyers in state courts and potentially discouraging illegitimate claims retaining the Company s ability to consent to an alternative forum, if desired facilitating the submission of Securities Act claims for resolution by federal courts, which have experience and expertise in adjudicating such claims and the increasing trend toward adopting forum selection clauses in response to multi-forum litigation. The Forum Selection Amendment is not being proposed in reaction to any specific litigation, claim, or threat confronting the Company and is being proposed on a prospective basis to help mitigate potential future harm to the Company and its stockholders from multi-forum litigation. Under the Forum Selection Amendment, the Company would retain the ability to consent to an alternative forum in appropriate circumstances where it determines that its interests and those of the Company s stockholders are best served by permitting a particular lawsuit to proceed in a forum other than the courts designated by the Forum Selection Amendment. The Forum Selection Amendment could limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or any of its directors, officers, other associates, or stockholders and, as a result, could have the effect of discouraging such claims. In addition, a stockholder who brings a claim in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or a federal district court in the State of Delaware) pursuant to the Delaware Forum Selection Provision could face additional litigation costs in pursuing such claim, particularly if such stockholder does not reside in or near Delaware. The court in the designated forum under the Delaware Forum Selection Provision or the Federal Forum Selection Provision could also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results could be more favorable to us than to our stockholders. Further, although the Delaware Supreme Court has held 22 Table of Contents Corporate Governance that such exclusive forum provisions are facially valid, courts in other jurisdictions could find such provisions to be unenforceable. The enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find the Delaware Forum Selection Provision or the Federal Forum Selection Provision to be inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings. If a court were to find the Delaware Forum Selection Provision or the Federal Forum Selection Provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company could incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. Additional Information Approval of Proposal Three will constitute approval of the Forum Selection Amendment, as set forth in Appendix B to this Proxy Statement. If Proposal Three is approved, the Company intends to file a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware promptly following the Annual Meeting, to be effective at the time of that filing. In addition, if the stockholders approve the Forum Selection Amendment and the Certificate of Amendment setting forth the Forum Selection Amendment is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, we intend to file a Restated Certificate of Incorporation to integrate the Certificate of Incorporation, the Exculpation Amendment described above in Proposal Two (if approved), the Forum Selection Amendment, and any other previously adopted amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation into a single document. The Board may, at any time prior to the effectiveness of the Forum Selection Amendment, abandon the Forum Selection Amendment without further action by the stockholders or the Board (even if the requisite stockholder vote is obtained). REQUIRED VOTE For the Forum Selection Amendment to become effective, this proposal must receive the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock. If the Forum Selection Amendment does not receive this level of stockholder approval, no Certificate of Amendment setting forth the Forum Selection Amendment will be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and the proposed ARTICLE FIFTEEN will not be included in our Certificate of Incorporation. Approval of the Forum Selection Amendment is not conditioned on the approval of the Exculpation Amendment described in Proposal Two. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted toward a quorum and will have the same effect as a vote against this proposal. 23 Table of Contents Corporate Governance PROPOSAL FOUR : RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM What are you voting on? You are being asked to ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year 2026, ending January 30, 2027. The Audit Committee of the Board has appointed Ernst Young LLP ( EY ) as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026, ending January 30, 2027. Services provided to Ulta Beauty by EY in fiscal 2025 are described under Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm below. Additional information regarding the Audit Committee is provided in the Corporate Governance section above. EY has audited the financial statements of Ulta Beauty since 1997. The Audit Committee believes that the tenure of EY is a benefit to the Company because of EY s institutional knowledge of our business as well as the avoidance of the distraction, costs, and time that would be associated with transitioning to a new auditor. EY rotates the assurance engagement partner on the audit engagement every five years, consistent with U.S. independence requirements. A new assurance engagement partner was appointed in fiscal 2025. Representatives of EY will be available at the Annual Meeting to respond to appropriate questions and to make such statements as they may desire. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL FOUR Stockholder ratification of the selection of EY as our independent registered public accounting firm is not required by our Bylaws or otherwise. However, the Board is submitting the selection of EY to the stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate governance practice. If the stockholders fail to ratify the selection, the Audit Committee will reconsider whether to retain EY. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of Ulta Beauty and our stockholders. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present virtually online or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be required to ratify the appointment of EY. Abstentions will be counted toward the tabulation of votes cast on proposals presented to the stockholders and will have the same effect as votes against this proposal. Broker non-votes, if any, will be counted towards a quorum, but will not be counted for any purpose in determining whether this proposal has been ratified. 24 Table of Contents Corporate Governance FEES TO INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed by EY for professional services rendered for fiscal 2025 and 2024: 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 2,795,000 $ 2,800,000 Audit-Related Fees (2) 795,000 Tax Fees (3) 611,000 690,000 All Other Fees (4) 142,000 Total $ 4,201,000 $ 3,632,000 1. Audit fees consist of fees and expenses for the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, the annual audit of our internal control over financial reporting, the quarterly reviews of our consolidated financial statements included in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, accounting consultations, and services related to other regulatory filings made with the SEC. 2. Audit-related fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or interim financial statement review and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include audit services for acquisitions, which are in addition to the scope of the financial statement audits. 3. Tax fees and expenses in fiscal 2025 consisted of $74,000 for tax planning, advisory, and consulting services and $537,000 for tax compliance and preparation services. Tax fees and expenses in fiscal 2024 consisted of $690,000 for tax compliance and preparation services. 4. All other fees consist of fees for access to online research software as well as advisory services associated with information technology systems. The Audit Committee approved all professional fees paid to EY in fiscal 2025. The Audit Committee has established procedures for the pre-approval of all audit and non-audit-related services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. The procedures provide, in part, that: (i) the Audit Committee, on an annual basis, will pre-approve the independent registered public accounting firm s engagement letter/annual service plan; (ii) the Audit Committee must pre-approve any permitted service not included in the annual service plan; (iii) the Audit Committee chair may pre-approve any permitted service up to a pre-determined amount between regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee and a report of such services and related fees must be disclosed to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting; and (iv) the Audit Committee will review a summary of the services provided and the fees paid on an annual basis. 25 Table of Contents Corporate Governance REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 1 The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibility for oversight of the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing, and financial reporting processes and practices of Ulta Beauty. In addition, the Audit Committee oversees mitigation efforts related to data privacy, cybersecurity, AI, and other technology risks. The Audit Committee oversees Ulta Beauty s financial process on behalf of the Board. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including the systems of internal controls. Ulta Beauty has an Internal Audit department that is actively involved in examining and evaluating Ulta Beauty s financial, operational, and information systems activities and reports functionally to the Audit Committee and administratively to management. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed with management the periodic reports, including the audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. This included a discussion of the quality, not just the acceptability, of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments, and the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements. The Audit Committee reviewed with the independent registered public accounting firm, which is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, its judgments as to the quality, not just the acceptability, of Ulta Beauty s accounting principles and such other matters as are required to be discussed with the Audit Committee under generally accepted auditing standards, including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Standard No. 1301, Communications with Audit Committees (AS 1301). In addition, the Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the firm s independence from management and Ulta Beauty, including the matters in the written disclosures and the Letter from the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the firm s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence. The Audit Committee discussed with Ulta Beauty s independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans for their audit and developed a pre-approval process for all independent registered public accounting firm services. The Audit Committee meets with the independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examination, their evaluation of Ulta Beauty s internal and disclosure controls, and the overall quality of Ulta Beauty s financial reporting. The Audit Committee held ten meetings during fiscal 2025. In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board approved, that the audited financial statements be included in Ulta Beauty s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2025, ended January 31, 2026, for filing with the SEC. The Audit Committee has appointed Ernst Young LLP to be Ulta Beauty s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026, ending January 30, 2027. Audit Committee of the Board of Directors Patricia A. Little (Chair) Martin Brok Kelly E. Garcia Stephenie Landry Heidi G. Petz Michael C. Smith 1 This report is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any Ulta Beauty filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 26 Table of Contents Corporate Governance COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The Compensation Committee assists the Board in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to (a) the establishment and maintenance of compensation and benefit policies designed to attract, motivate, and retain personnel with the requisite skills and abilities to enable the Company to achieve superior operating results; (b) the compensation of the Company s executives and non-management directors; and (c) oversight of the development and implementation of human capital development plans as well as executive succession planning practices to foster sufficient management depth at the Company to support its continued growth and talent needed to execute long-term strategies. Additional information regarding the Compensation Committee is provided in the Corporate Governance section above. The Compensation Committee may under its charter delegate certain of its responsibilities to a subcommittee, but only to the extent consistent with our Bylaws, Certificate of Incorporation, and NASDAQ rules. The Compensation Committee may also delegate to one or more officers of the Company the authority to make grants and awards of cash or options or other equity securities to any non-Covered Officer under the Company s incentive compensation plans. Compensation Consultant During fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee engaged Pay Governance LLC ( Pay Governance ) as its outside consultant to assist the Compensation Committee with executive and non-employee director compensation program design, to advise and consult with the Compensation Committee on general compensation issues, and to keep the Compensation Committee apprised of regulatory, legislative, and accounting developments and competitive practices related to executive and director compensation. In those capacities, Pay Governance was engaged directly by the Compensation Committee. During fiscal 2025, Pay Governance provided no services to the Company other than the consulting services provided to the Compensation Committee. Pay Governance is an independent executive compensation consulting firm and does not determine or recommend the exact amount or form of executive compensation for any executive officers. Pay Governance reports directly to the Compensation Committee, and a representative of Pay Governance, when requested, attends meetings of the Compensation Committee, is available to participate in executive sessions, and communicates directly with the chair of the Compensation Committee or its members outside of meetings. The Compensation Committee has reviewed the nature and extent of the relationship between the Compensation Committee, the Company, and Pay Governance with respect to any potential conflicts of interest or similar concerns. Based on that review, the Compensation Committee believes that there are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest that would unduly influence Pay Governance s provision of advice that is independent of management to the Compensation Committee. Compensation Risk The Company reviewed its compensation plans, practices, and policies and determined that it does not have any such plans, practices, or policies that create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company based on, but not limited to, the following: the Company s variable compensation programs are linked to specific performance goals set and approved by the Compensation Committee for executive officers and for other associates by supervisors consistent with the Company s compensation philosophy and business goals; the performance periods for the pay programs are designed to match the period for which the associate has influence on the results and incorporate incentives of a longer-term nature to tie the associate to the actual results; payments under the incentives are capped and subject to potential clawback; earned award levels are reviewed and certified by the Compensation Committee, management, payroll, and human resources; 27 Table of Contents Corporate Governance the mix between fixed and variable pay is balanced so as to neither discourage proper risk taking nor encourage excessive risk taking; participants cannot approve their own performance goals nor their own payouts; and the Compensation Committee actively oversees the executive compensation program and has flexibility to use its judgment in assessing performance and pay, including oversight over clawback of executive compensation. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During fiscal 2025, none of the members of our Compensation Committee had at any time been one of our officers or associates. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the Compensation Committee, or other committee serving an equivalent function. Other than our CEO, none of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the Board. See also Certain Relationships and Transactions below. 28 Table of Contents Corporate Governance REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) with management. Based on this review and discussion, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board approved, that the CD A be included in Ulta Beauty s fiscal 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and this proxy statement. Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors Gisel Ruiz (Chair) Martin Brok Michelle L. Collins Catherine A. Halligan Stephenie Landry George R. Mrkonic 2 This report is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any Ulta Beauty filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 29 Table of Contents C ompensation Discussion and Analysis Our Company The Company is an international specialty beauty retailer and a premier destination for cosmetics, fragrances, skin care products, hair care products, wellness products, and salon services. The Company s U.S. operations make it the largest specialty beauty retailer in the U.S. In addition, the Company has expanded its international presence through its subsidiary, Space NK Limited ( Space NK ), a luxury beauty retailer operating in the U.K. and Ireland, its joint venture in Mexico, and its franchise in the Middle East. Key aspects of our business include: Differentiated Assortment. Guests are offered a differentiated assortment of established and emerging brands across a variety of categories and price points. The Company s wide selection of beauty and wellness categories, from entry-level to luxury price points, spans across cosmetics, fragrances, skincare, bath and body products, haircare, salon styling tools, and wellness products. Convenient Omnichannel Footprint. Products are offered through the Company s stores, digital platforms, and partnerships. The Company believes that sales in one channel are not independent of the others and seeks to provide its guests with seamless omnichannel shopping experiences that enable channels to complement one another. With a bright and open store environment, the Company makes it easy for guests to discover new products and services in-person. The store design, fixtures, and open layout provide the flexibility to respond to consumer trends and changes in our merchandising strategy. Through the Company s websites and mobile applications, guests are offered convenient, immersive, and personalized digital experiences. The Company s digital channels enable always-on shopping and discovery, and our diverse fulfillment options, including buy online pick-up in store, buy online pick-up curbside, ship from store, ship from distribution center, and same-day delivery, provide guests with value and convenience. Best-in-Class Loyalty Program. The Company s best-in-class loyalty programs offer members unique benefits, including exclusive gifts, and enable guests in many locations to earn points for product and beauty services purchases. Additionally, the loyalty programs provide a deep understanding of our guests and their preferences, enabling us to personalize experiences, recommendations, and promotions. Great Guest Experiences. The Company cultivates human connection with warm and welcoming guest experiences across all of our channels. Our knowledgeable and approachable store associates, differentiated service offerings, and efforts to create relevant, compelling digital content are competitive advantages and enable us to build strong engagement with guests. We were founded in 1990 as a beauty retailer at a time when prestige, mass, and salon products were sold through distinct channels department stores for prestige products; drug stores and mass merchandisers for mass products; and salons and authorized retail outlets for professional hair care products. We developed a unique specialty retail concept that offers a broad range of brands and price points, select beauty services, and a convenient and welcoming shopping environment. Our target consumer is defined as a beauty enthusiast, a consumer who is 30 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis passionate about the beauty category, uses beauty for self-expression, experimentation, and self-investment, and has high expectations for their shopping experience. Executive Summary This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) describes the material elements of our executive compensation program during fiscal 2025. It also provides an overview of how and why the Compensation Committee arrived at specific compensation decisions for our named executive officers for fiscal 2025 (our NEOs ), including the key factors that the Compensation Committee considered in determining NEO compensation. Below is an overview of some of these key factors: We had a transformative year of investment for our future. Fiscal 2025 was a year of deliberate, transformative change for the Company, during which, through the execution of our Ulta Beauty Unleashed plan, we sharpened our focus, strengthened our capabilities, expanded internationally, and positioned ourselves for sustainable, profitable growth in the competitive and rapidly evolving beauty market. We continued to perform, growing sales and diluted earnings per share. The Company delivered solid results for the year. Net sales increased by $1.1 billion to $12.4 billion, 9.7% over fiscal 2024. Operating income was 12.4% of sales and diluted earnings per share increased 1.2%. We are now an international company. In July 2025, we acquired Space NK, a luxury beauty retailer operating more than 80 stores in the U.K. and Ireland. In addition, we opened stores in Mexico as part of our joint venture with Grupo Axo and developed a store presence in the Middle East through our franchise partnership with Alshaya Group. We engaged with guests across all platforms. We increased the number of members in our Ulta Beauty Rewards loyalty program by 5% to a record 46.7 million members as of year-end. We reversed trends and gained market share in both mass and prestige beauty. We delivered strong app engagement with our guests with approximately 60% of online sales for the year made through our app and drove active application users up 15% year-over -year. We enhanced our assortment through the launch of more than 100 new brands. Additionally, we expanded our accessibility through the opening of 60 net new Ulta Beauty stores, the relocation of four Ulta Beauty stores, the remodeling of 42 Ulta Beauty stores, and the addition of more than 80 Space NK stores in the U.K. and Ireland. We implemented our Ulta Beauty Unleashed strategy, designed to accelerate our performance and drive long-term profitable growth. In fiscal 2025, Ulta Beauty Unleashed focused on driving core business growth, scaling new accretive businesses, and realigning our foundation for success. We continued to invest to protect and cultivate our world class culture and talent. Our focus on creating a working environment where every associate can be their authentic self and where they can grow their careers is reflected in our associate recruiting, retention, and engagement. Associate retention rates improved across our business in 2025, and our 2025 culture survey results reinforced that our overall associate engagement remains strong. We delivered long-term results for our stockholders. In a dynamic and competitive operating environment, our five-year total stockholder return ( TSR ) covering fiscal years 2021-2025 was +131%. Reflecting the impact of our Ulta Beauty Unleashed strategy, our one-year TSR for fiscal 2025 was +57%. We maintained balance sheet strength throughout the period, ending fiscal 2025 with $494 million of cash and cash equivalents. Since 2014 through the end of fiscal 2025, Ulta Beauty has purchased 22.9 million shares of its common stock for $7.7 billion while continuing to make strategic growth investments . We have a new CEO and a high caliber executive team. Kecia L. Steelman was appointed by the Board as our President and CEO on January 6, 2025. She has reinvigorated our workforce, set key strategies, and assembled a market-leading team of executives to lead and execute the Company s strategies. 31 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Overview This CD A describes the Company s executive compensation program and explains how the Compensation Committee made compensation decisions for the following NEOs related to fiscal 2025: Named Executive Officer Title Kecia L. Steelman President and Chief Executive Officer Christopher J. DelOrefice (1) Chief Financial Officer Rene G. C sares (2) Chief Legal Officer Anita J. Ryan Chief Human Resources Officer Paula M. Oyibo (3) Former Chief Financial Officer Christopher Lialios (4) Former Interim Chief Financial Officer Jodi J. Caro (5) Former General Counsel and Chief Risk and Compliance Officer 1. Mr. DelOrefice was appointed as Chief Financial Officer effective December 5, 2025. 2. Mr. C sares was appointed as Chief Legal Officer effective April 7, 2025. 3. Ms. Oyibo ceased to be Chief Financial Officer effective June 24, 2025. 4. Mr. Lialios served as Interim Chief Financial Officer from June 24, 2025 to December 4, 2025. 5. Ms. Caro retired as General Counsel and Chief Risk and Compliance Officer effective April 28, 2025. The alignment of performance and pay in fiscal 2025 reflects our compensation philosophy. Executive pay is delivered through a performance-based compensation program that provides the opportunity to earn meaningful compensation upon achievement of superior performance and limits earnings opportunities when results are not satisfactory. Annual incentive opportunity is directly tied to one quantifiable, objective performance target: Incentive EBT (as defined below). No awards are paid under the program if a threshold level of Incentive EBT is not achieved. Our compensation programs for fiscal 2025 are summarized below. Fixed Pay : Salaries are approved by the Compensation Committee early in each fiscal year and reflect competitive market data, Company and individual performance, succession planning, and internal equity, among other factors. Salary represents the smallest and only fixed portion of NEO pay. Annual Incentive Award : Awards under the annual incentive plan are tied solely to the Company s performance relative to a full-year Earnings Before Taxes ( EBT ) metric. When calculating EBT performance for purposes of the annual incentive plan ( Incentive EBT ), the Compensation Committee may make adjustments to the Company s consolidated EBT performance pursuant to a list of previously approved criteria. During fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee approved adjustments to operating income consistent with these criteria by (1) excluding expenses related to the acquisition of Space NK as well as EBT associated with Space NK s results after its acquisition and (2) excluding expenses related to executive talent acquisition . Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ) : Our LTIP is designed to focus the NEOs on our strategy to drive long-term profitable growth. Our new CEO was appointed in January 2025 and, as fiscal 2025 began, was working with the Board to redefine the Company s strategy and articulate a transformative vision for future growth. In connection with this work, the Compensation Committee made the following changes to the LTIP design in 2025 intended to better align equity incentives with the Company s ongoing transformation : o Discontinuing the use of performance-based share ( PBS ) awards : The Compensation Committee chose to discontinue the use of PBS awards because the Compensation Committee did not want to establish goals and long-term incentive opportunities that were not clearly aligned with the Company s strategy and both near- and long-term objectives . 32 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis o Increasing the weighting of stock options to 50% of the LTIP award : The Compensation Committee strongly belie