=== ULTA_2026-03-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The risks described below reflect the Company s beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or future growth. We could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the United States or our other markets, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. References to past events are provided only for example and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past or their probability of occurring in the future. You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment in our common stock. Economic, Market, and Other External Risks Macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and elevated interest rates, as well as labor, transportation, and shipping cost pressures, have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, 13 Table of Contents and cash flows. Continuing dynamic global trade conditions and elevated tariff levels could contribute to increased input costs, supply chain disruption, pricing volatility, and heightened economic uncertainty, and it could be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our operations in order to adapt to this environment. Additionally, we expect the impact of inflationary and macroeconomic pressures to continue in 2026, and we continue to closely monitor conditions, including guest behavior, and the impact of these factors on guest demand. Continuing or worsening inflation and/or cost pressures may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, and/or cash flows. As we expand internationally, the magnitude of the effects of geopolitical events, including the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East and cartel violence and related unrest in Mexico, on the Company s business, financial condition, profitability, and/or cash flow could be greater than when the Company s operations were solely U.S.-based. The health of the economy may affect consumer purchases of discretionary items such as beauty products and salon services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Our results of operations may be materially affected by conditions in the capital markets and the U.S. or global economy generally. We appeal to a wide demographic consumer profile and offer an extensive selection of beauty products sold directly to retail consumers as well as premium salon services. Uncertainty in the economy has adversely impacted, and could continue to adversely impact, consumer purchases of discretionary items across all of our product categories, including prestige beauty products and premium salon services. Factors that could affect consumers willingness to make such discretionary purchases include: general business conditions, inflationary pressures, levels of employment, interest rates, tax rates, the availability of consumer credit, consumer confidence in future economic conditions, tariffs or other trade restrictions (including uncertainty as to the scale and short- and long-term effects of currently proposed or future tariffs), risks related to epidemics or pandemics, geopolitical events, and recessionary concerns. In the event of a prolonged period of inflation, an economic downturn, or a recession, consumer spending habits could be adversely affected, and we could experience lower than expected net sales. Reduced consumer spending could cause changes in guest order patterns and in the level of merchandise purchased by our guests, and may signify a reset of consumer spending habits, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. In addition, a general deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect our commercial partners, including our brand partners, as well as the real estate developers and landlords who we rely on to construct and operate commercial centers in which our stores are located. A bankruptcy or financial failure of a significant vendor or a number of significant real estate developers or shopping center landlords could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Adverse economic conditions could negatively affect our vendors access to the capital and liquidity required to maintain their inventory, production levels, timeliness, and product quality and to operate their businesses, which could adversely affect our supply chain, or could reduce our vendors offerings of trade credit, customer incentives, vendor allowances, cooperative marketing expenditures, and product promotions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Adverse economic conditions could also make it difficult for both us and our vendors to accurately forecast future product demand trends, which could cause us to carry too much or too little merchandise in various product categories. We may be unable to compete effectively in our highly competitive markets. The markets for beauty and wellness products and salon services are highly competitive with few barriers to entry. With regard to beauty and wellness products, we compete against a diverse group of retailers, both small and large, including mass merchandisers, specialty retailers, online capabilities of national retailers, pure-play e-commerce companies, online marketplaces (including those operated by social media platforms), and drug stores. In some regions or in connection with some products, we also compete against regional and national department stores, catalog retailers, local specialty retail stores, and direct response television, including television home shopping retailers and infomercials. With regard to salon services, we compete primarily against high-end and discount salon chains as well as locally owned salons. We believe the principal bases upon which we compete are the breadth of merchandise, our value proposition, the quality of our guests shopping experience (including through our omnichannel offerings), and the convenience of our stores as one-stop destinations for beauty products and salon services. Many of our competitors are, and many of our potential competitors may be, larger and have greater financial, marketing, and other resources and therefore may be able to adapt 14 Table of Contents to changes in guest requirements more quickly, devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products, generate greater brand recognition, or adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. As a result, we may lose market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters, conflicts, or other catastrophes or crises could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Epidemics, pandemics, and other public health crises, natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornados, wildfires, earthquakes, and mudslides, as well as conflicts, such as wars, acts of violence, and terrorism, have resulted in the temporary closure of our stores and, in the future, could also result in physical damage to our properties, the temporary closing of our stores, the temporary closing of our distribution, fast fulfillment, and market fulfillment centers, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products (or a substantial increase in the cost of those products) from domestic or foreign suppliers, the temporary disruption in the delivery of goods both to and from our distribution, fast fulfillment, and market fulfillment centers (or a substantial increase in the cost of those deliveries), the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our stores and/or the temporary reduction in visits to stores by guests. Accordingly, if one or more epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters, and/or acts of violence or terrorism were to occur in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows or may require us to incur increased costs. Climate change could adversely impact our business operations and/or our supply chain. Scientific consensus shows that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have caused and will in the future cause changes in weather patterns around the globe. Climatologists predict these changes will result in the increased frequency of extreme weather events and natural disasters, which could disrupt our business operations or those of our suppliers. These weather events could also lead to an increased rate of temporary store closures and reduced guest traffic at our stores. In addition, concern about climate change and greenhouse gases may result in new or additional legal, legislative, and/or regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. Any such new requirements could increase our operating costs for things like energy or packaging, as well as our product supply chain and distribution costs. There is also increased focus, including by investors, guests, and other stakeholders, on climate change and other environmental, social, governance, and sustainability matters, including single use plastic, energy, waste, and worker safety. Concern about climate change might cause consumer preferences to change, including moving away from products or ingredients considered to have high climate change impact and towards products that are more sustainably made, and we expect to incur additional costs in connection with our initiatives in this area. Our reputation could be damaged if we do not (or are perceived not to) act responsibly with respect to these matters and, taken together, these matters could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows, as well as our ability to meet the needs of our guests. 15 Table of Contents Business, Operational, and Strategic Risks Our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance may fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors outside of our control, which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock. We have historically experienced and expect to continue to experience seasonal fluctuations in our net sales, operating income, and net income. A significant portion of our net sales and profits is driven by holidays, such as Valentine s Day and Mother s Day in the first and second quarters and the November/December holiday season in the fourth quarter. We must carry a significant amount of inventory, particularly before these selling periods. If we miscalculate demand for our products generally or for our product mix during certain holiday seasons, our net sales could decline or we could accumulate excess inventory, which would harm our financial performance. If we are not successful in selling our inventory during these periods, we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of the excess inventory or may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance have historically been affected, and may continue to be affected, by any of the other types of risks and events described in these risk factors. Accordingly, our results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable sales for any particular future period may decrease. In that event, the price of our common stock may decline. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our sales may decline and our results of operations may be negatively affected. We must maintain sufficient inventory levels of merchandise that our guests desire to successfully operate our business. A shortage of popular merchandise could reduce our net sales. Conversely, we also must seek to avoid accumulating excess inventory to maintain appropriate in-stock levels. If we overstock unpopular merchandise, then we may be forced to take significant inventory markdowns or miss opportunities for the sale of other merchandise, both of which could have a negative impact on our profitability, and, in turn, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our results of operations may be negatively affected. If we are unable to gauge beauty trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner, our sales may decrease. We believe our success depends in substantial part on our ability to: recognize and define product and beauty trends; anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer preferences (including relating to sustainability of product sources and packaging, ingredient transparency, and animal welfare) in a timely manner; translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product and service offerings in our stores and salons in advance of our competitors; develop and maintain vendor relationships that provide us access to the newest merchandise on reasonable terms; and distribute merchandise to our stores in an efficient and effective manner and maintain appropriate in-stock levels. 16 Table of Contents If we are unable to anticipate and fulfill the merchandise needs of the consumer, our net sales may decrease and we may be forced to increase markdowns of slow-moving merchandise, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We rely on our good relationships with brand partners to purchase prestige, mass, and salon beauty products on reasonable terms, and to offer certain brands or products that are permanently or temporarily exclusive to us. If these relationships were to be impaired, or if certain brand partners were to change their distribution model or become unable to supply sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans, we may not be able to obtain a sufficient selection or volume of merchandise on reasonable terms, and we may not be able to respond promptly to changing trends in beauty products, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We have no long-term supply agreements with brand partners, so our success depends on maintaining good relationships with them. Our business depends to a significant extent on the willingness and ability of our brand partners to supply us with a sufficient selection and volume of products to stock our stores. Some of our prestige brand partners may not have the capacity to supply us with sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans. We also have strategic partnerships with certain core brands, which have allowed us to benefit from the growing popularity of such brands. Any of our brand partners could in the future decide to scale back or end their partnerships with us and strengthen their relationships with our competitors, which could negatively impact the revenue we earn from the sale of such products. If we fail to maintain strong relationships with our existing brand partners, or if we fail to continue acquiring and strengthening relationships with additional brand partners, our ability to obtain a sufficient amount and variety of merchandise on reasonable terms may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our competitive position. During fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, merchandise supplied by our top ten brand partners accounted for approximately 51% and 54% of our net sales, respectively. There continues to be vendor consolidation within the beauty products industry. The loss of or a reduction in the amount of merchandise made available to us by any one of these key vendors, or by any of our other brand partners, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We also offer products that are permanently exclusive to us and offer a number of brands and products that are exclusive to us for a limited period of time or are offered in advance of our competitors. If our brand partners ceased granting us permanent or temporary exclusive rights our net sales could be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and profitability. The development and use or misuse of AI or the failure to use AI present risks and challenges that may negatively affect our business. Failure to adapt to a rapidly changing technological environment or failure to adopt emerging technologies, including advances relating to AI and agentic commerce, in a timely manner could negatively affect our business. For example, if we are unable to match or surpass the advances in technologies and capabilities of our competitors for either external (guest)-facing or internal use cases, our competitive position could be adversely affected. In addition, if we adopt new technologies such as AI and fail to deploy them effectively or if we, our associates, or third parties acting at our direction use them incorrectly, unethically, or illegally, it could have a negative impact on our business, reputation, and financial results. The development of AI technologies is complex, and there are technical and other challenges associated with achieving the desired level of accuracy, efficiency, and reliability. The algorithms and models utilized in generative AI systems may have limitations, including biases, errors, or the inability to handle certain data types or scenarios. Additionally, there is a risk of system failures, disruptions, or vulnerabilities that could compromise the integrity, security, or privacy of data inputs or generated content. These limitations or failures could result in reputational harm, legal liabilities, or loss of guest, employee, or business partner confidence. Uncertainty regarding the regulation of AI and other burgeoning technologies may require significant resources to modify and maintain business practices to comply with U.S. and non-U.S. laws, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time. An increasing number of jurisdictions around the globe, including several U.S. states, have already proposed or enacted laws governing AI. Other jurisdictions may decide to adopt similar or more restrictive legislation that may render the use of such technologies challenging. These obligations may make it harder for us to conduct our business using AI, lead to regulatory fines or 17 Table of Contents penalties, require us to change our business practices, or prevent or limit our use of AI. If we are unable to effectively use AI, or that use is restricted, our business may be less efficient, or we may be at a competitive disadvantage. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Any significant interruption in the operations of our distribution, fast fulfillment, and market fulfillment centers could disrupt our ability to deliver merchandise to our stores and guests in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We distribute products to our stores without supplementing such deliveries with direct-to-store arrangements from vendors or wholesalers. We are a retailer carrying approximately 30,000 beauty products that change on a regular basis in response to beauty trends, which makes the success of our operations particularly vulnerable to disruptions in our distribution infrastructure. Any significant interruption in the operation of our supply chain infrastructure, such as disruptions in our information systems, disruptions in operations due to fire, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events, labor disagreements, inventory availability (including as a result of tariffs or trade barriers), or shipping and transportation problems, could drastically reduce our ability to receive and process orders and provide products and services to our stores and guests, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. In addition, shipping and transportation costs represent a component of our cost structure and an increase in shipping and transportation costs, including as a result of inflationary pressures, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. If we fail to retain our existing senior management team or attract qualified new personnel at all levels, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Our business requires disciplined execution at all levels of our organization. This execution requires an experienced and talented management team. If we were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts, and abilities of key executive personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Furthermore, the success of our business depends significantly on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified associates, including store managers and other store associates, distribution center associates, and corporate personnel. Competition for this type of personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting, assimilating, and retaining the associates required to grow and operate our business profitably. In addition, fluctuations in the cost of labor, including as a result of inflationary pressures on wages, may negatively impact our profitability and cash flows. Recent or potential future legislative initiatives may seek to increase the federal minimum wage in the United States, as well as the minimum wages in certain individual states or markets. As federal or state minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage associates, but also the wages paid to our other hourly associates. Further, should we fail to increase our wages competitively in response to increasing wage rates, the quality of our workforce could decline, causing our customer service to suffer. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our operating costs, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to hire and retain store-level associates capable of providing a high level of customer service, skilled distribution center associates, and other qualified personnel, our business could be materially adversely affected. Although none of our associates are currently covered under collective bargaining agreements, we cannot guarantee that our associates will not elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If some or all of our workforce were to become unionized and collectively bargained terms were significantly different from our current compensation arrangements or work practice, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our e-commerce platform exposes us to certain additional risks which could adversely affect our results of operations. We offer most of our beauty products for sale through our Ulta.com website and through our mobile applications. As a result, we encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by internet-based businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain guests on a cost-effective basis and our ability to operate, support, expand, and develop our internet operations, website, mobile applications and software, and other related operational systems. Although we 18 Table of Contents believe that our omnichannel participation is a distinct advantage for us due to synergies and the potential for new guests, supporting product offerings through these channels can create issues that have the potential to adversely affect our results of operations. For example, if our e-commerce platform successfully grows, it may do so in part by attracting existing guests, rather than new guests, who choose to purchase products from us online or through our mobile applications rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our stores. In addition, offering different products through each channel could cause conflicts and cause some of our current or potential future internet or mobile guests to consider competing distributors of beauty products. Offering products through our internet channel or through our mobile applications could also cause some of our current or potential vendors to consider competing internet or mobile offerings of their products either on their own or through competing distributors. Additionally, omnichannel retailing continues to rapidly evolve, and we must keep pace with changing guest expectations and new developments by our competitors. As we continue to grow our e-commerce platform, the impact of attracting existing rather than new guests, conflicts between product offerings online or through our mobile application and through our stores, and opening up our channels to increased competition from pure-play e-commerce companies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. In addition, if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant guest-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. If our marketing, advertising, and promotional programs are unsuccessful, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Guest traffic and demand for our merchandise are influenced by our advertising, marketing, and promotional activities. We use marketing, advertising, and promotional programs to attract guests through various media, including social media, websites, mobile applications, email, and print. Our future growth and profitability will depend in part upon the effectiveness and efficiency of our advertising and marketing programs. Further, disruption to certain media channels could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The capacity of our distribution and order fulfillment infrastructure and the performance of our distribution centers, fast fulfillment center, and market fulfillment centers may not be adequate to support our future growth, which could prevent the successful implementation of these plans or cause us to incur excess costs to expand this infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We currently operate four regional distribution centers, which house the distribution operations for Ulta U.S. retail stores together with the order fulfillment operations of our e-commerce platform, one fast fulfillment center (e-commerce only), and two market fulfillment centers, which focus on our most productive products and support e-commerce and retail stores. To support our expected future growth and to maintain the efficient operation of our business, it is likely that new distribution facilities will be added and existing facilities will be refurbished in the future. Our failure to effectively upgrade and expand our distribution capacity on a timely basis to keep pace with our anticipated growth in stores and the performance of our distribution centers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Increased costs or interruption in our third-party vendors overseas sourcing operations could disrupt production, shipment, or receipt of some of our merchandise, which could result in lost sales and could increase our costs. We directly source the majority of our Ulta Beauty Collection components and Ulta Beauty branded gifts with purchase and other promotional products through third-party vendors using foreign factories. In addition, many of our vendors use overseas sourcing to varying degrees to manufacture some or all of their products. Any event causing a disruption of manufacturing or imports from such foreign countries, including the imposition of import restrictions, increased customs duties, tariffs, trade barriers (including quotas), trade wars, geopolitical events, political changes, and legal or economic restrictions on overseas suppliers ability to produce and deliver products, could result in substantial disruptions in our supply chain (including inventory availability) and materially harm our operations. We have no long-term supply contracts with respect to such foreign-sourced items, many of which are subject to existing or potential duties, tariffs, or quotas that may limit the quantity of certain types of goods that may be imported into the U.S. from such countries. Our business is also subject to a variety of other risks generally associated with sourcing goods from abroad, such as political instability, wars or other conflicts, disruption of imports by labor disputes, and local business practices. Our sourcing 19 Table of Contents operations may also be hurt by health concerns regarding infectious diseases in countries in which our merchandise is produced, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters that may occur overseas, or acts of war or terrorism, to the extent these acts affect the production, shipment, or receipt of merchandise. Our future operations and performance will be subject to these factors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows or may require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs. An inability to execute our real estate growth and optimization strategy could affect our financial results. Our financial performance could be affected by our ability to successfully grow and optimize our retail store footprint. There is no assurance that we will be able to locate and lease adequate desirable locations that meet our criteria. Additionally, our ability to negotiate favorable lease terms depends on conditions in the real estate markets, including competition for desirable properties, our relationships with current and prospective property owners or shopping center operators, and other factors that may be outside our control. Our financial performance could be further adversely affected if we are unable to successfully optimize our existing retail store fleet, including by opening new stores and relocating existing stores in desirable locations, renewing or extending leases, restructuring leases to obtain more favorable renewal terms, refreshing and remodeling existing stores, and, if necessary, closing underperforming and poorly located stores. If any aspect of our real estate growth and/or optimization strategy does not achieve the results we expect, in whole or in part, we may fail to meet our performance expectations. Expanding into international markets exposes us to additional risks. In 2025, we expanded internationally through our acquisition of Space NK and the establishment of a joint venture in Mexico and a franchise relationship in the Middle East. Although our international activities are not significant to our financial results, our increasing international presence exposes us to additional risks. We have relatively little operating experience in international markets and may be challenged in replicating our business model in other countries. It is costly to establish, develop, and maintain international operations and promote our brand internationally. For these and other reasons, our international operations may not become profitable on a sustained basis. As international physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail and other services grow, competition will intensify, including through adoption of evolving business models. Local companies may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, the local customer, as well as their more established local brand names. In addition, our international operations are subject to a number of unique risks, including those relating to local economic and political conditions; government regulation; restrictive trade policies; restrictions on the sale or distribution of certain products or services; uncertainty regarding liability for products, services, and content, including uncertainty as a result of unfamiliar local laws and legal systems; business licensing or certification requirements; limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure; laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use, data protection, data security, data localization, network security, consumer protection, payments, advertising, and restrictions on pricing or discounts; compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable U.S. and foreign laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials and other third parties; laws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade, foreign investment, loans, and taxes; and geopolitical events, including war and terrorism. Harm to our reputation could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain guests, associates, vendors, and/or other partners. Negative publicity or perceptions involving us or our brands, products, associates, operations, vendors, spokespersons, or marketing and other partners may negatively impact our reputation and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain guests, associates, vendors, and/or other partners. Failure to detect, prevent, or mitigate issues that might give rise to reputational risk or failure to adequately address negative publicity or perceptions could adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Issues that might pose a reputational risk include failure of our cybersecurity measures to protect against cybersecurity incidents; product liability and product recalls; inaccurate claims regarding the sustainability or content/ingredients of the products sold in our stores, including in connection with our Conscious Beauty program; our social media activity; our handling of issues relating to corporate responsibility matters, including our responses to such matters; failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or enforce our own policies; public stances on controversial social or political issues; concerns surrounding labor, environmental, workplace 20 Table of Contents safety, and other practices that may vary from U.S. standards in any of our foreign vendors or partners, whether directly or indirectly; and any of the other risks enumerated in these risk factors. As part of our marketing efforts, we rely on social media platforms and other digital marketing to attract and retain guests. A variety of risks are associated with our social media activity and digital marketing, including the improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about or negative incidents regarding us, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, or out-of-date information. The inappropriate use of social media and digital marketing vehicles by us, our guests, associates, or others could increase our costs, lead to litigation, or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content, videos, and/or photographs created or uploaded by their subscribers and participants, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. Information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests and/or inaccurate. The dissemination of negative information related to us or our brands, products, associates, operations, vendors, spokespersons, or partners could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition, regardless of the information s accuracy, and the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. It may be difficult to address negative publicity across media channels, regardless of its accuracy or the reputability of its source, and this challenge could be further exacerbated by fictitious media content, such as content produced by generative AI or bad actors. Furthermore, the prevalence of news coverage, the internet, and social media may accelerate and increase the potential scope of any negative publicity we might receive and could increase the negative impact of these issues on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we are unable to protect against inventory shrink, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our business depends on our ability to effectively manage our inventory. Risk of inventory loss (also called shrink) is inherent in the retail business. We have historically experienced inventory shrink due to damage, theft (including from organized retail crime), and other causes. While some level of inventory shrink is unavoidable, in past years we have experienced levels of inventory shrink greater than our historical levels, which have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our results of operations and financial condition. To protect against inventory shrink, we have taken, and may continue to take, certain operational and strategic actions that could adversely affect our reputation, guest experience, and results of operations. Our private label brand merchandise exposes us to various risks generally encountered by companies that source, manufacture, market, and retail exclusive private label brand merchandise. In addition to merchandise provided by vendors, we offer private label brand merchandise, which subjects us to certain risks, including: our ability to successfully and profitably conduct sourcing and manufacturing activities internally or with third-party agents, manufacturers, and distributors; our failure or our manufacturers failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, including product safety, working age and conditions, anti-corruption, import and customs, and retail sale restrictions; potential mandatory or voluntary product recalls; claims and lawsuits resulting from injuries associated with the use of our private label brand merchandise; our ability to successfully protect our intellectual property or other proprietary rights (e.g., defending against counterfeit, knock-offs, grey-market, infringing, or otherwise unauthorized goods); our ability to successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of third parties; sourcing and manufacturing outside the United States, including foreign laws and regulations, political unrest, disruptions or delays in cross-border shipments, changes in economic conditions in foreign countries, exchange rate and import duty fluctuations, and conducting activities with third-party manufacturers; and price increases of raw materials used in the manufacturing of our private label brand merchandise and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, manufacture, market, and retail private label brand merchandise. 21 Table of Contents Our failure to adequately address some or all of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures, and partnerships, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected. From time to time, we may make strategic acquisitions and participate in joint ventures and partnerships. Acquisitions, joint ventures, and partnerships we have entered into, or may enter into in the future, may involve significant challenges and risks, including that the acquisitions, joint ventures, or partnerships do not advance our business strategy or fail to produce satisfactory returns on investment. Other risks could include difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, applying internal control processes to these acquisitions (including those related to cybersecurity), managing strategic investments, and/or combining business cultures; regulatory or compliance exposure until appropriate processes and controls are implemented; integration costs and significant attention from management and personnel; failing to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures, or partnerships, or the realization of benefits being significantly delayed, including because the businesses acquired may not be complementary or compatible with our business strategy or may not enhance our market position, footprint, or capability set; and due diligence evaluations of potential transactions not identifying all of the business, legal, compliance, and financial risks to accurately estimate the impact of a particular acquisition, joint venture, or partnership, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target s or business partner s previous activities. Our secured revolving credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants that could limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to open stores. We have a $1.0 billion secured revolving credit facility with a term expiring in March 2029. Substantially all of our assets are pledged as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the agreement. The credit facility agreement contains usual and customary restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay cash dividends and repurchase our stock, and merge or consolidate with another entity, and requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 to 1.0 during such periods when availability under the agreement falls below a specified threshold. In addition, Space NK maintains a 40.0 million revolving credit facility maturing in April 2028 that is secured by substantially all of Space NK's assets and contains a requirement to maintain an interest coverage ratio not less than 4.0 to 1.0 and a leverage ratio not to exceed 2.0 to 1.0 for any relevant period. These covenants could restrict our operational flexibility and any failure to comply with these covenants or our payment obligations would limit our ability to borrow under the credit facilities and, in certain circumstances, may allow the lenders thereunder to require repayment. Our stock repurchase programs could affect the price of our common stock and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock. We may have a stock repurchase program in place that we may utilize from time to time. Any such stock repurchase program adopted will not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of common stock and may be suspended or discontinued at any time, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Repurchases pursuant to any such stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and the existence of a stock repurchase program could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program. There can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock. 22 Table of Contents Information Security, Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, Regulatory, and Legal Risks We are subject to risks relating to our information technology systems, and any failure to adequately protect our critical information technology systems, successfully upgrade our information technology systems, or any material disruption of our information systems could negatively impact financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations, particularly during the holiday season. We are dependent on a variety of information systems, including management, supply chain and financial information, and various other processes and transactions, to effectively manage our business. We are also expanding and upgrading our information systems (including the recent replacement of our enterprise resource planning platform) to support historical and expected future growth. The failure of these projects, the failure of our information systems to perform as designed, the failure by us to adequately maintain or update our information systems, or breaches of security could have an adverse effect on our business and results of our operations. Any material disruption of our systems could disrupt our ability to track, record, and analyze the merchandise that we sell and could cause delays or cancellation of guest orders or impede the manufacture or shipment of products, the processing of transactions, our ability to receive and process e-commerce orders, and/or the reporting of financial results. Our e-commerce operations are increasingly important to our business. The Ulta.com website and our mobile applications serve as an effective extension of our marketing and prospecting strategies by exposing potential new guests to the Ulta Beauty brand, product offerings, and enhanced content. As the importance of our website, mobile applications, and e-commerce operations to our business continues to grow, we are increasingly vulnerable to downtime and other technical failures. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks could reduce e-commerce sales and damage our brand s reputation. Cybersecurity or information security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information, result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential guest, employee, Company, and/or business partner information, damage our reputation, and expose us to liability, which could negatively impact our business. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, process, and store sensitive and confidential data, including our proprietary business information and that of our guests, suppliers, and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our guests and employees, in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission, and storage of confidential information. Despite the security measures we have in place and continual vigilance in regard to the protection of sensitive information, our systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, denial-of-service attacks, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, human errors, or other similar events. Furthermore, we allow certain of our employees to work remotely, as certain of our third-party service providers also allow, and this remote working environment may increase cybersecurity-related risks. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disruption to our operations, damage to our reputation, and/or loss of confidence in our business, products, and services, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Failure to maintain satisfactory compliance with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations may subject us to negative financial consequences, including civil or criminal penalties, and harm our brand and reputation. Complex local, state, national, and international/foreign laws and regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the EU General Data Protection Regulation, apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data. These privacy and data protection laws and regulations are quickly evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations and enforcement. Complying with these laws and regulations may cause us to incur substantial costs, require changes to our business practices, and limit our ability to obtain data used to 23 Table of Contents provide a differentiated guest experience. In addition, our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other obligations to which we may be subject relating to personal data, or to protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, or other processing, could result in enforcement actions and regulatory investigations against us, claims for damages by guests and other affected individuals, fines, and/or damage to our brand and reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We, as well as our vendors, are subject to numerous laws and regulations that could require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. In our U.S. and international markets, numerous laws and regulations at the national, state, and local levels can affect our business. Legal requirements are frequently changed and subject to interpretation, and we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these requirements or their effect on our operations. If we fail to comply with any present or future laws or regulations, we could be subject to future liabilities, a prohibition on the operation of our stores, or a prohibition on the sale of our Ulta Beauty branded products. In particular, failure to adequately comply with the following legal requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows: Our sizable workforce makes us vulnerable to changes in labor and employment laws. Our salon operations are subject to state board regulations and state licensing requirements for our stylists and salon procedures. Failure to maintain compliance with these regulatory and licensing requirements could jeopardize the viability of our salons. We operate stores in California, which has enacted legislation commonly referred to as Proposition 65 requiring that clear and reasonable warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. Although we have sought to comply with Proposition 65 requirements, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected by litigation relating to Proposition 65. Future changes in healthcare reform legislation could significantly impact our business. Evolving anti-discrimination laws could impact our efforts to support inclusion and belonging across our business for our guests, assortment, associates, brands, other partners, and stakeholders. We are subject to antibribery and corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, that prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence government officials or private individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining a business advantage. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in criminal or civil sanctions and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. The formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, sale, and storage of our vendors products and our Ulta Beauty branded products are also subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies in the U.S., including the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Federal Trade Commission (FTC), Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and various state and local agencies, such as State Attorneys General and District Attorneys, as well as similar analogous authorities in our international markets. If we, our vendors, or the manufacturers of our Ulta Beauty branded products fail to comply with those regulations, we could become subject to significant penalties, claims, or product recalls, which could harm our results of operation, our reputation, and/or our ability to conduct our business. 24 Table of Contents Additionally, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations could result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may impair the marketability of our vendors products or our Ulta Beauty branded products, resulting in significant loss of net sales. Our failure to comply with federal, state, or local requirements when we advertise our products (including prices) or services, or engage in other promotional activities, in digital (including social media), television, or print may result in enforcement actions and imposition of penalties or otherwise harm the distribution and sale of our products. Our associates or others may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with our policies and procedures. We are exposed to the risk of misconduct or other improper activities by our associates and third parties such as independent contractors, agents, and business partners. Misconduct by associates, independent contractors, or agents could include inadvertent or intentional failures to comply with the Company s policies and procedures, the laws and regulations to which they are subject, and/or ethical, social, product, labor, and environmental standards. Our current and former associates or independent contractors may also become subject to allegations of sexual harassment, racial and gender discrimination, or other similar misconduct, which, regardless of the ultimate outcome, may result in adverse publicity that could significantly harm our brand, reputation, and operations. Associate misconduct could also involve improper use of information obtained in the course of the associate s prior or current employment, which could result in legal or regulatory action and harm to our reputation. Litigation and other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims and the outcome of such litigation, proceedings, or claims, including possible fines and penalties, could have a material adverse effect on our business and any loss contingency accruals may not be adequate to cover actual losses. From time to time, we are subject to litigation, including potential class action and single-plaintiff litigation, and other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims in the ordinary course of our business operations regarding, but not limited to, employment matters, consumer claims, security of consumer and employee personal information, product labeling or content, advertising compliance, contractual relations with suppliers, marketing, and infringement of trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Litigation to defend ourselves against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights that we may have against third parties, may be necessary, which could absorb significant management time and/or result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We establish accruals for potential liabilities arising from litigation and other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims when potential liability is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated based on currently available information. We may still incur legal costs for a matter even if we have not accrued a liability. In addition, actual losses may be higher than the amount accrued for a certain matter, or in the aggregate. Any resolution of litigation or other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Specifically, our technologies, promotional products purchased from third-party vendors, and/or Ulta Beauty branded products, or potential products in development, may infringe rights under patents, patent applications, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property rights of third parties in the United States and abroad. These third parties could bring claims against us that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful, could cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a third party were to bring an intellectual property infringement suit against us, we could be forced to stop or delay development, manufacturing, or sales of the product that is the subject of the suit. As a result of intellectual property infringement claims, or to avoid potential claims, we may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from the third party and would most likely be required to pay license fees or royalties or both. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations if, as a result of actual or threatened intellectual property infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. Even if we were able to obtain a license, the rights may be non-exclusive, which would give our competitors access to the same intellectual property. The inability to enter into licenses could harm our business significantly. 25 Table of Contents We maintain insurance coverages with third-party insurers. However, not every risk or liability is or can be protected by insurance, and, for those risks we insure, the limits of coverage we purchase or that are reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred. Liability insurance coverage is expensive and there is a risk that commercially available liability insurance will not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost, if at all. If we or other industry participants sustain significant losses or make significant insurance claims, our ability to obtain future insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates could be materially adversely affected. An inability to obtain liability insurance, significant increases in the cost of insurance we obtain, or losses in excess of our liability insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on us. Any insurance we carry reflects deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability, and similar provisions that we believe are prudent based on our operations. To offset negative insurance market trends, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher insurance deductibles, or reduce the amount of insurance coverage in response to market changes. Additionally, we self-insure a portion of expected losses under our workers compensation, general liability, Texas non-subscription plan, and group health insurance programs. We currently self-insure a portion of our commercial insurance deductible risk through our captive insurance company. To the extent that our captive insurance company is unable to bear the insured risk, we may be required to fund additional capital to our captive insurance company or to bear the loss. We use the services of independent actuaries for loss adjustment expense reserve analyses for the aforementioned lines of insurance. Liabilities associated with these lines of insurance are based on actual claim data and estimates of incurred but not reported claims developed using actuarial methodologies, and may be based on historical claim trends, industry factors, claim development, as well as other actuarial assumptions. Unanticipated changes in any applicable actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our recorded liabilities for these losses, variability in inflation rates, changes in the nature and method of claims settlement, benefit level changes due to changes in applicable laws, insolvency of insurance carriers, and changes in discount rates could result in materially different expenses than expected under these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We require many of our vendors to carry their own insurance, and we have indemnity agreements with many of our vendors, but we cannot be assured that (1) any specific claim or lawsuit will be subject to a vendor s insurance or indemnity agreement, (2) our vendors will carry or maintain such insurance coverage or meet their indemnity obligations, or (3) we will be able to collect payments from our vendors sufficient to offset liability losses or, in the case of our private label brand products, where almost all of the manufacturing occurs outside the United States, that we will be able to collect anything at all. If our manufacturers are unable to produce products manufactured uniquely for Ulta Beauty, including Ulta Beauty Collection and Ulta Beauty branded gifts with purchase and other promotional products, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements, we could suffer lost sales and be required to take costly corrective action, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and therefore depend upon independent third-party vendors for the manufacture of all products manufactured uniquely for Ulta Beauty, including Ulta Beauty Collection and Ulta Beauty branded gifts with purchase and other promotional products. The FDA does not currently have a pre-market approval system for cosmetics, but requires safety and efficacy substantiation. If we or our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we could be required to take costly corrective action. In addition, sanctions under various laws may include seizure of products, injunctions against future shipment of products, restitution and disgorgement of profits, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecution. These events could interrupt the marketing and sale of our Ulta Beauty branded products, severely damage our brand reputation and image in the marketplace, increase the cost of our products, cause us to fail to meet guest expectations, or cause us to be unable to deliver merchandise in sufficient quantities or of sufficient quality to our stores, any of which could result in lost sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights and our brand name, our brand and reputation could be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. We regard our trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how, and similar intellectual property as critical to our success. Our principal intellectual property rights include registered and common law trademarks, copyrights in 26 Table of Contents our website and mobile applications content, rights to our domain name www.ulta.com, and trade secrets and know-how with respect to our Ulta Beauty branded product formulations, product sourcing, sales and marketing, and other aspects of our business, and our digital innovations such as try-on applications and AI. As such, we rely on trademark and copyright law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality agreements with certain of our associates, consultants, suppliers, and others to protect our proprietary rights. If we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights for any reason (including any cybersecurity incident that results in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights), or if other parties infringe on our intellectual property rights, our brand and reputation could be impaired, and we could lose guests, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. In addition, we license certain of our trademarks to some of our business partners. While we enter into comprehensive agreements with our business partners covering, among other things, use of our brand name, the value of our brand and our reputation could be impaired to the extent that our business partners do not operate their businesses, including their stores or websites, in a manner consistent with our requirements regarding our brand identities and guest experience standards. Failure to protect the value of our brands, or any other harmful acts or omissions by a business partner, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, cash flows and reputation. Our Ulta Beauty branded products and salon services may cause unexpected and undesirable side effects that could result in their discontinuance or expose us to lawsuits, either of which could result in unexpected costs and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. Unexpected and undesirable side effects caused by our Ulta Beauty branded products for which we have not provided sufficient label warnings or salon services, which may have been performed negligently, could result in the discontinuance of sales of our products or of certain salon services or prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected products and services. Such side effects could also expose us to product liability or negligence lawsuits. These events could cause negative publicity regarding our Company, brand, or products, which could in turn harm our reputation and net sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. 