=== BSX_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A under the heading Risk Factors and the specific risk factors discussed herein and in connection with forward-looking statements made throughout this Annual Report, which could cause actual results to vary materially from the expectations and projections expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties, in some cases, have affected and in the future could affect our ability to implement our business strategy and may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements expressed in this Annual Report. As a result, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of our forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that may cause such differences include, among other things: economic conditions, including the impact of foreign currency fluctuations; future U.S. and global political, competitive, reimbursement and regulatory conditions, including changing trade and tariff policies; geopolitical events and tensions; manufacturing, distribution and supply chain disruptions and cost increases; disruptions caused by cybersecurity events; disruptions caused by public health emergencies or extreme weather or other climate change-related events; labor shortages and increases in labor costs; variations in outcomes of ongoing and future clinical trials and market studies; new product introductions and the market acceptance of those products; market competition for our products; expected pricing environment; expected procedural volumes; the closing and integration of acquisitions; demographic trends; intellectual property rights; litigation; financial market conditions; the execution and effect of our restructuring program; the execution and effect of our business strategy, including our cost-savings and growth initiatives; our ability to achieve sustainability goals; and future business decisions made by us and our competitors. New risks and uncertainties may arise from time to time and are difficult to predict. All of these factors are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of them are beyond our control. For a further list and description of these and other important risks and uncertainties that may affect our future operations, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report, which we may update in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that we have filed or will file hereafter. We disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations or in events, conditions, or circumstances on which those expectations may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, except as required by law. This cautionary statement is applicable to all forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Our Company Boston Scientific Corporation is a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of medical devices that are used in a broad range of interventional medical specialties. Our mission is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients around the world. As a medical technology leader for more than 45 years, we have advanced the practice of less-invasive medicine by helping physicians and other medical professionals diagnose and treat a wide range of diseases and medical conditions and improve patients quality of life by providing alternatives to surgery and other medical procedures that are typically traumatic to the body. We advance science for life by providing a broad range of high-performance solutions to address unmet patient needs and reduce the cost of health care. When used in this report, the terms "we," "us," "our" and "the Company" mean Boston Scientific Corporation and its divisions and subsidiaries. Business Strategy We operate pursuant to five strategic imperatives. We aim to: Strengthen Category Leadership, Expand into High Growth Adjacencies, Drive Global Expansion, Fund the Journey to Fuel Growth and Develop Key Capabilities. We believe that our 3 execution of these strategic imperatives will help us deliver on our mission, drive innovation and increase value for our customers and employees, while strengthening our leadership position in the medical device industry and delivering profitable revenue growth. We expect to continue to invest in our core businesses and pursue opportunities to diversify and further expand our presence in strategic, high-growth adjacencies and new global markets, including growth within the countries we define as emerging markets. Maintaining and expanding our international presence is an important component of our long-term growth strategy. Through our international presence, we seek to increase net sales and market share, leverage our relationships with leading physicians and their clinical research programs, accelerate the time to bring new products to market and gain access to worldwide technological developments that we can implement across our product lines. Our research and development efforts are focused largely on the development of next-generation and novel technology offerings across multiple programs and all divisions. In the past several years, we have completed numerous acquisitions in support of our growth strategy, both strengthening our core businesses and expanding into high growth adjacent markets. We continue to develop digital tools and technologies that enable us to compete more effectively and deliver first class remote physician education, drive deeper patient engagement and increase digitally-enabled sales force productivity. We have a firm commitment to corporate social responsibility and living our values as a global business and global corporate citizen. This includes taking actions to drive innovative care, contribute to the communities where we live and work, protect the environment, invest in our employees' health and well-being, and many other initiatives that we believe ultimately help us create value responsibly. Refer to Corporate Responsibility below for additional information regarding measures we are undertaking. Product Offerings Our portfolio of devices and therapies helps physicians diagnose and treat complex cardiovascular, respiratory, digestive, oncological, neurological and urological diseases and conditions. Our core businesses are organized into two reportable segments: MedSurg and Cardiovascular. In the fourth quarter of 2025, an organizational change combined our legacy Cardiology and Peripheral Interventions businesses into a single Cardiovascular business. The change had no impact on our reportable segments. The following describes our key product offerings and new product innovations by reportable segment and business unit. MedSurg Endoscopy Our Endoscopy business unit develops and manufactures minimally invasive devices for diagnosing and treating gastrointestinal and pancreaticobiliary conditions and for supporting weight loss in patients with obesity. Our product offerings include hemostatic clips designed to stop and help prevent bleeding during endoscopic procedures (Resolution 360 and MANTIS Clips), stent systems used for relieving biliary obstructions (WallFlex Biliary Stent Systems) and for endoscopic drainage of pancreatic pseudocysts (AXIOS Stents and Electrocautery Enhanced Delivery Systems), single-use scopes used for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in the pancreaticobiliary system (SpyGlass ), and in endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) procedures (EXALT Model D Single-Use Duodenoscopes), our portfolio of endoluminal surgery products (OverStitch Endoscopic Suturing System and Orbera Intragastric Balloon System) and our portfolio of infection prevention products. Urology Our Urology business unit develops and manufactures devices to treat various urological conditions for both male and female anatomies, including kidney stones, benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), prostate cancer, erectile dysfunction and male incontinence, over active bladder and pelvic floor disorders. Our product offerings include a comprehensive line of stone management products, including ureteral stents, catheters, baskets, guidewires, sheaths and balloons, single-use digital flexible ureteroscopes (LithoVue ), laser systems used in urology procedures (Lumenis Pulse Holmium Laser Systems with MOSES Technology), and for the treatment of BPH ( GreenLight XPS Laser System and Rez m Systems), our portfolio of prosthetic urology products (including AMS 700 Penile Implant with the TENACIO Pump to treat erectile dysfunction and our AMS 800 Artificial Urinary Sphincter to treat male urinary incontinence), hydrogel systems which help reduce side effects that men may experience after receiving radiotherapy to treat prostate cancer (SpaceOAR ), and our portfolio of products to treat pelvic floor disorders, including our Axonics Sacral Neuromodulation System (Axonics ) and our Bulkamid Uretheral Bulking System. 4 Neuromodulation Our Neuromodulation business unit develops and manufactures devices to treat various neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain. Our product offerings include our WaveWriter Alpha Spinal Cord Stimulator (SCS) System, designed to provide improved pain relief to a wide range of patients who suffer from chronic pain, our Intracept Intraosseous Nerve Ablation System, the only U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-cleared system to treat vertebrogenic pain, a form of chronic low back pain, our G4 Generator and consumable portfolio in Radiofrequency Ablation (RFA) for pain management and our Vercise Genus Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) System for the treatment of Parkinson's disease, tremor and intractable primary and secondary dystonia. Cardiovascular Interventional Cardiology and Vascular Therapies (ICVT) Our Interventional Cardiology and Vascular Therapies business unit develops and manufactures technologies to diagnose and treat complex coronary, peripheral and venous diseases, including calcific and obstructive arterial disease, thromboembolic conditions and venous insufficiency. Our portfolio includes intravascular imaging and multi-modality guidance systems that enhance procedural visualization and decision-making (OptiCross IVUS Imaging Catheters and AVVIGO + Multi-Modality Guidance System), vessel preparation and plaque modification technologies for heavily calcified and resistant coronary lesions (ROTAPRO Rotational Atherectomy Systems and WOLVERINE Coronary Cutting Balloon), coronary drug-eluting and drug-coated therapies designed to treat coronary arterial disease and in-stent restenosis (SYNERGY Everolimus-Eluting Stent Systems and AGENT Drug-Coated Balloon) and peripheral vascular therapies for the treatment of peripheral artery disease (Eluvia Drug-Eluting Vascular Stent Systems and Ranger Drug-Coated Balloons). In addition, the portfolio comprises minimally invasive therapies to remove or dissolve blood clots in deep veins and pulmonary arteries (AngioJet Thrombectomy Systems and EKOS Ultrasound Assisted Thrombolysis) and injectable treatments that improve symptoms associated with superficial venous reflux and varicose veins (Varithena Polidocanol Injectable Foam). In the second quarter of 2025, we completed our acquisition of the remaining shares of Bolt Medical, Inc. (Bolt Medical), the developer of an intravascular lithotripsy advanced laser-based platform for the treatment of coronary and peripheral artery disease. In addition, we completed the acquisition of the remaining shares of SoniVie Ltd. (SoniVie), a privately held medical device company that has developed the TIVUS Intravascular Ultrasound System. An investigational technology, the TIVUS System is designed to denervate nerves surrounding blood vessels to treat a variety of hypertensive disorders, including renal artery denervation for hypertension. On January 15, 2026, we announced our entry into a definitive agreement to acquire 100 percent of Penumbra, Inc. (Penumbra), a publicly traded medical technology company primarily focused on innovative medical thrombectomy products for use in peripheral vascular procedures in the removal of blood clots and blockages. The Penumbra portfolio includes the Lightning Bolt and Lightning Flash Computer Assisted Vacuum Thrombectomy (CAVT ) Systems. The purchase price is valued at $374 per share, or approximately $14.500 billion. The transaction is expected to close during 2026, subject to customary closing conditions. We plan to fund the transaction consideration through a combination of cash on hand and newly issued debt in an aggregate amount equal to approximately $11.000 billion, and the remaining portion of the transaction consideration will be paid in shares of our common stock. Watchman Our WATCHMAN Left Atrial Appendage Closure (LAAC) Devices are designed to close the left atrial appendage in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (AF) who are at risk for ischemic stroke and eligible for anticoagulation therapy. WATCHMAN is the first device to offer a non-pharmacologic alternative to oral anti-coagulants that has been studied in a randomized clinical trial and is the leading device in percutaneous LAAC globally. In the second quarter of 2025, we received CE mark for the WATCHMAN FLX Pro Left Atrial Appendage Closure Device, which is optimized for healing and designed to improve visualization during device placement and treat a broader range of patient anatomies. Electrophysiology Our Electrophysiology business unit develops and manufactures less-invasive medical technologies used in the diagnosis and treatment of rate and rhythm disorders of the heart, including a broad portfolio of therapeutic and diagnostic catheters and a variety of equipment used in the Electrophysiology lab. Our product offerings include our FARAPULSE Pulsed Field 5 Ablation (PFA) System for the treatment of AF, our OPAL HDx Mapping System, offering catheter-based, 3-D cardiac mapping and navigation solutions, our VersaCross Connect Access Solutions portfolio, Polarsheath and Faradrive Steerable Sheath providing safe and efficient access to the left side of the heart, and our portfolio of cyroablation and radiofrequency cardiac ablation systems for the treatment of AF. We received FDA approval in the United States, and Pharmaceuticals and Medical Device Agency (PMDA) approval in Japan, in the second and third quarters of 2025, respectively, to expand instructions for use labeling to include the treatment of drug refractory, symptomatic persistent AF with the FARAPULSE PFA System. Since the launch of the FARAPULSE PFA System in 2024, we have observed rapid conversion from legacy treatment modalities to PFA. It is now the predominant component of our Electrophysiology business unit and revenue. Cardiac Rhythm Management Our Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM) business unit develops and manufactures a variety of implantable devices that monitor the heart and deliver electricity to treat cardiac abnormalities. Our product offerings include implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICD) (RESONATE ) and implantable cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillators (CRT-D) (HeartLogic Heart Failure (HF) Diagnostic and SmartCRT Technology), subcutaneous implantable cardiac defibrillators (S-ICD) (EMBLEM MRI S-ICD System), which provide physicians the ability to treat patients who are at risk for sudden cardiac arrest without touching the heart, pacemakers and implantable cardiac resynchronization therapy pacemakers (CRT-P) (ACCOLADE ), remote patient management systems (LATITUDE ) and cardiac monitoring systems (BodyGuardian Remote Cardiac Monitoring Systems provide a full range of mobile health solutions and remote monitoring services), and our LUX-Dx II+ Insertable Cardiac Monitor System, a long-term diagnostic device implanted in patients to detect arrhythmias associated with conditions such as AF, cryptogenic stroke and syncope. Interventional Oncology and Embolization Our Interventional Oncology and Embolization business unit develops and manufactures products to treat various forms of cancer. Our portfolio includes technologies used to treat liver cancer, including radioactive glass microsphere therapy for primary liver cancer (TheraSphere Y-90) and hepatic arterial infusion systems for secondary liver and bile duct cancers, as well as cryoblation systems for the treatment of kidney, bone and lung cancers. The portfolio also comprises embolization devices used in arterial and venous procedures across the peripheral vasculature (EMBOLD Detachable Coil System). Markets Competition We encounter significant competition across our business segments, product lines and markets, from global and local competitors. Our primary competitors include large manufacturers with multiple lines of business and competing products, as well as a wide range of medical device companies that sell a single or limited number of competitive products or participate in only a specific market segment. We also encounter competition from the entry of low-cost manufacturers, which may lead to increased pricing pressure. In certain countries, and particularly in China, we face competition from domestic medical device companies that may benefit from their status as local suppliers. We also face competition from non-medical device companies, which may offer alternative therapies for disease states that could also be treated using our products, or from companies offering technologies that could augment or replace procedures using our products. We believe that our products and solutions compete primarily on their ability to deliver both differentiated clinical and economic outcomes for our customers by enabling physicians to perform diagnostic and therapeutic procedures safely and effectively often in a less-invasive and cost effective manner. We also compete on ease of use, comparative effectiveness, reliability and physician familiarity. In the current environment of managed care, with economically motivated buyers, consolidation among health care providers, increasing prevalence and importance of regional and national tenders, increased competition and declining reimbursement rates, we are also required to compete on the basis of price, value, reliability and efficiency. Our competitive success depends upon our ability to continue to offer products and solutions that provide differentiated clinical and economic outcomes, including developing or acquiring innovative, scientifically advanced technologies, attract and retain qualified personnel, protect the intellectual property of our products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals, maintain our quality systems and provide quality products, and successfully market our products and meet customer demand. 6 Research and Development Our investment in research and development is critical to driving our future growth. Our investment in research and development supports internal research and development programs, regulatory design and clinical science, and other programs obtained through our strategic acquisitions and alliances, as well as engineering efforts that incorporate customer feedback into continuous improvement efforts for currently marketed and next-generation products. We have directed our development efforts toward innovative technologies designed to expand current markets or enter adjacent markets. We continue to transform how we conduct research and development by identifying best practices, driving efficiencies and optimizing our cost structure, which we believe will enable increased development activity and faster concept-to-market timelines. We conduct our internal research and development activities at our facilities and centers of excellence located around the world. Focused, global cross-functional teams take a formal approach to new product design and development, helping us to manufacture and offer innovative products consistently and efficiently. Involving cross-functional teams early in the process is the cornerstone of our product development cycle. We believe this collaboration allows our teams to concentrate resources on the most viable and clinically relevant new products and technologies and to maximize cost and time savings as we bring them to market. In addition to internal development, we work with leading research institutions, universities and clinicians around the world to develop, evaluate and clinically test our products. We continue to expand our collaborations to include research and development teams in our emerging market countries; these teams will focus on both global and local market requirements at a lower cost of development. We believe that these efforts will play a significant role in our future success. Marketing and Sales We market our products and solutions to hospitals, clinics, outpatient facilities and medical offices in 127 countries worldwide. In addition, large group purchasing organizations, hospital networks and other buying groups are important to our business and represent a substantial portion of our net sales. Each of our businesses maintains dedicated sales forces and marketing teams focused on physicians who specialize in the diagnosis and treatment of different medical conditions, as well as on key hospital service line administrators. The majority of our net sales are derived from countries in which we have direct sales organizations. We also have a network of distributors and dealers who offer our products in certain countries and markets. We expect to continue to leverage our infrastructure in markets where commercially appropriate and use third party distributors in those markets where it is not economical or strategic to establish or maintain a direct presence. Seasonality Our net sales are influenced by many factors, including product launches, acquisitions, regulatory and reimbursement approvals, patient, physician and employee holiday schedules and other macro-economic conditions. While our consolidated net sales do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality, customer purchases of our medical devices have historically been lower in the first and third quarters of the year. Resources Manufacturing and Raw Materials We are focused on continuously improving our supply chain effectiveness, strengthening our manufacturing processes and increasing operational efficiencies within our organization worldwide. In doing so, we seek to focus our internal resources on the development and commercial launch of new products and the enhancement of existing products. We also drive continuous improvement in product quality through process controls and validations, supplier and distribution controls and training and tools for our operations team. In addition, we remain focused on examining our operations and general business activities to enhance our operational effectiveness by identifying cost-improvement opportunities. We remain committed to maintaining appropriate investments to ensure supply chain stability. We have an ongoing supplier resiliency program which identifies and mitigates risk and have taken measures to mitigate the impact of challenges within the global supply chain in recent years. We consistently monitor our inventory levels, manufacturing, sterilization and distribution capabilities and partnerships and maintain recovery plans to address potential disruptions or material shortages. Many components used in the manufacturing of our products are readily fabricated from commonly available raw materials or off-the- 7 shelf items available from multiple supply sources; however, certain items are custom made to meet our specifications, and certain materials and components are purchased from single sources due to quality considerations, expertise, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. Supply of certain raw materials and components used in the manufacturing of our products has been stable, but there continues to be risk for certain materials and vendors. While we continue to believe we will have access to the raw materials and components that we need, these supply chain dynamics could result in increased costs to us or an inability to fully meet customer demand for certain of our products. Proprietary Rights and Patent Litigation We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other forms of intellectual property to protect our proprietary rights. We generally file patent applications in the U.S. and other countries where patent protection for our technology is appropriate and available. We hold patents worldwide that cover various aspects of our technology. In addition, we hold exclusive and non-exclusive licenses to a variety of third-party technologies covered by patents and patent applications. In the aggregate, these intellectual property assets and licenses are of material importance to our business; however, we believe that no single patent, trade secret, trademark, intellectual property asset or license is material in relation to our business as a whole. We rely on non-disclosure and non-competition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary technology. There has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry, particularly in the areas in which we compete. We continue to defend ourselves against claims and legal actions alleging infringement of the patent rights of others. Additionally, we may find it necessary to initiate litigation to enforce our patent rights, to protect our trade secrets or know-how and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Accordingly, we may seek to settle some or all of our pending litigation, particularly to manage risk over time. Settlement may include cross licensing of the patents that are the subject of the litigation as well as our other intellectual property and may involve monetary payments to or from third parties. We maintain insurance policies providing limited coverage against securities claims. We are substantially self-insured with respect to product liability claims and fully self-insured with respect to intellectual property infringement claims. The absence of significant third-party insurance coverage increases our potential exposure to unanticipated claims or adverse decisions. See Note I Commitments and Contingencies to our 2025 consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report for a discussion of intellectual property, product liability and other litigation and proceedings in which we are involved. Regulatory Environment As a global company, we are governed by federal, state, local and international laws of general applicability relating to, among other things, employment, labor, privacy and data protection, governance and securities, anti-corruption, fraud and abuse (including anti-kickback and false claims laws), competition, trade and export controls. In general, the scope and complexity of regulations applicable to our business has increased over time. We anticipate that governmental authorities will continue to scrutinize our industry closely and that additional regulation may increase compliance and legal costs. Any adverse regulatory actions or exposure to litigation could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Medical Device Regulations The medical devices that we manufacture, market and commercialize are subject to regulation by numerous worldwide regulatory bodies, including the FDA in the United States, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in Europe and other comparable international regulatory agencies. These agencies require manufacturers of medical devices to comply with applicable laws and regulations governing development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution. Medical devices are also generally subject to varying levels of regulatory control based on risk level of the device. In the United States, we must receive authorization from the FDA to distribute our products, which is typically obtained through either a premarket notification (510(k)) to demonstrate that the device is as safe and effective as, or substantially equivalent to, a legally marketed device, or a premarket approval (PMA) application to demonstrate that the device is safe and effective for its intended use. The PMA approval process generally requires clinical data to support the safety and effectiveness of the device, and is generally more detailed, lengthier and more expensive than the 510(k) process. After a device has received marketing authorization for a specific intended use, certain changes including in the design, materials, method of manufacture or intended use, may require a new marketing authorization. The determination as to whether or not a modification or series of 8 modifications require a new marketing authorization is initially left to the manufacturer to assess using available guidance; however, regulators may review this determination to evaluate the regulatory status of the modified product at any time and may require the manufacturer to cease marketing and recall the modified device until a new marketing authorization is obtained. In the European Union (EU), a CE Mark is required to sell medical devices, which represents that products meet required standards of performance, safety, and quality. A CE Mark is affixed following a conformity assessment and either approval from an appointed independent notified body or through self-certification by the manufacturer. In 2017, the EU enacted the Medical Device Regulation (MDR or EU MDR), which became effective in May 2021, and changed multiple aspects of the regulatory framework for CE marking, including increased compliance requirements for the medical device industry. Medical devices that have a valid CE Certificate issued before May 2021 can continue to be sold during the applicable transition period or until the CE Certificate expires, whichever comes first, provided there are no significant changes to the design or intended use. In 2023, the European Commission extended the transitional period to 2027 for certain high risk class devices and 2028 for lower risk class medical devices. The MDR has required significant investment and will continue to require ongoing investment over the next couple of years to transition all products. The CE mark continues to be a prerequisite for successful registration in many other global geographies. In addition, other EU countries continue to impose significant local registration requirements despite the implementation of MDR. We are also required to comply with the regulations of every other country where we commercialize products before we can launch or maintain new products on the market, including NMPA regulations in China, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) and PMDA regulations in Japan, and regulations in many countries in the Middle East and Southeast Asia that previously did not have, or had minimal, medical device regulations. The FDA and other worldwide regulatory agencies and competent authorities actively monitor compliance to local laws and regulations through review and inspection of design and manufacturing practices, record-keeping, reporting of adverse events, labeling and promotional practices. The FDA can ban certain medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order recall or market withdrawal of these devices and require notification of health professionals and others with regard to medical devices that present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. The FDA may also enjoin and restrain a company for certain violations of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and the Safe Medical Devices Act, pertaining to medical devices, or initiate action for criminal prosecution of such violations. Regulatory agencies and authorities in the countries where we do business can halt production in or distribution within their respective country or otherwise take action in accordance with local laws and regulations. Complying with requirements imposed on our products and business is an ongoing process as we introduce additional products and/or product modifications and seek to comply with changing legal and regulatory requirements. The time required to obtain authorization to market and sell products varies by country. The ability to comply with global post-market requirements requires extensive and ongoing resources. An enforcement or adverse action by a regulator could limit our ability to obtain regulatory authorizations or impact our ability to develop, market, distribute, or otherwise make our products available, depending on the nature of the action. Our quality system is designed to enable us to satisfy various international quality system regulations, including those of the FDA with respect to products sold in the U.S. The International Standards Organization (ISO) established the ISO 13485 quality system standard, which includes requirements for an implemented quality system that applies to component quality, supplier control, product design and manufacturing operations. All of our medical device manufacturing facilities and key distribution sites are certified under the ISO 13485 quality system standard. Health Care Policies and Reimbursement Political, economic, technological and regulatory influences around the world continue to subject the health care industry to potential fundamental changes that could substantially affect our results of operations. We maintain a global Government Affairs presence, headquartered in Washington, D.C., to actively monitor and advocate on myriad legislative matters and public policies that may potentially impact us and the patients we serve, both domestically and in international markets. Our products are purchased principally by hospitals, physicians and other health care providers around the world that typically bill various third-party payers, including government programs (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.) and private insurance payers, for the items and services provided to their patients. Government and private sector initiatives related to limiting the growth of health care costs (including price regulation), coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness reviews of therapies, technology assessments, price transparency and health care delivery and payment structure reforms, are continuing in many countries where we do business. We believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to place increased emphasis on the delivery of treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies and/or increase patient access. Although we believe our 9 products and technologies generate favorable clinical outcomes, value and cost efficiency, while also being less invasive than alternatives, the resources necessary to demonstrate value to our customers, patients, payers and other stakeholders are significant and new therapies may take significantly longer periods of time to gain widespread adoption. Implementation of cost containment initiatives and health care reforms in significant markets such as the U.S., China, Australia, and other markets may limit the price of, or the level at which reimbursement is provided for, our products or procedures using our products, which in turn may make it less likely that a hospital or physician will select our products to treat patients. Environmental Regulation and Management We are subject to various environmental laws, directives and regulations both in the U.S. and abroad. Our operations involve the use of substances regulated under environmental laws, primarily in manufacturing and sterilization processes. We are focused on continuous improvement in environmental metrics with a goal of reducing pollution, minimizing depletion of natural resources and reducing our overall environmental footprint. We have obtained ISO14001:2015, Environmental Management Standard certification for 18 of our key locations and ISO50001:2018, Energy Management Standard certification for 14 of our key locations. Specifically, we are working to optimize energy and resource usage, ultimately reducing greenhouse gas emissions and waste. Human Capital At Boston Scientific, our work is guided by core values and behaviors that define our culture and empower our employees, including Caring, Diversity, Global Collaboration, High Performance, Meaningful Innovation and Winning Spirit. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 59,000 employees, of which approximately 60 percent were outside the U.S. We believe the collective talent of our employees and our shared corporate culture, values and behaviors give us a competitive advantage. Attracting, developing and retaining talented employees are key parts of our strategy and are critical to our success. We strive to do this by fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace, providing competitive pay and benefits and flexible work conditions, offering ongoing employee growth and development opportunities and cultivating a culture that prioritizes employee health, safety and well-being. Workforce Development We do our best work to advance health care when we have a diverse range of perspectives and experience on our team. Innovation thrives in a culture of engagement and inclusion. We continue to focus on improving workforce development through intentional actions to drive meaningful change. We listen to our employees and use that feedback to complement and expand our existing programs to emphasize initiatives aimed at developing our pipeline of talent and fostering an inclusive workplace for all. Additionally, our Executive Committee and our Board of Directors oversee our policies and strategies related to diversity and inclusion, employee engagement, talent recruitment and development, pay equity and company culture. In addition, our ten Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are at the heart of our inclusion strategy. ERGs are voluntary, company sponsored employee groups open to all employees that foster and celebrate our diverse workforce and inclusive work environment. They provide forums for us to learn from one another, celebrate our uniqueness and develop inclusive leadership skills. We support each ERG by designating global and local executive sponsors and providing financial resources. Our ERG chapters around the world collaborate across the business at all levels and are powerful drivers of change in the Company. Additionally, our approach to supplier selection involves building inclusive practices throughout the Boston Scientific supplier network. We are committed to the sustained support of a broad spectrum of businesses that share our dedication to improving the quality of patient care. Compensation and Benefits We offer competitive pay and benefits that are flexible and affordable to meet the individual needs of our employees. In addition to cash-based salaries, our rewards portfolio includes cash bonus programs, sales incentives, stock awards, recognition awards, health insurance, paid time off and family leave, retirement savings plans, childcare and employee assistance programs that encourage overall well-being, including help with finances, inclusive family planning and support, elder/childcare, legal support and mental health resources. 10 Equal pay for equal work is rooted in our values and foundational to fostering an inclusive environment. Pay equity is an important part of our long-standing global compensation planning practices. Sustaining pay equity requires constant measurement and attention, so we regularly conduct comprehensive audits, internal and external analyses and company-wide benchmarking of salaries to identify and mitigate disparities. We continue to educate, update policies and expand benefits to ensure our employee base represents the patients, health systems and communities we serve, and foster a culture of inclusion. Employee Health, Safety and Well-Being We take a global approach to prioritizing and monitoring employee health and safety and we strive to foster a safety-oriented culture in all of our offices and facilities. We maintain rigorous health and safety standard protocols across our businesses and regions that are designed to align with regulatory requirements and industry best practices. Our Employee Health Safety Global and Regional Councils meet regularly to review our performance against health and safety goals for the global organization and to discuss trends and risks, as well as opportunities for improvement. We recognize that employee well-being, safety, culture, engagement and recognition are all critical to a healthy work environment and productive workforce. We offer programs that acknowledge, respect and support an individual s life and work choices. Our holistic programs are guided by overall workforce health, focusing on physical, financial and emotional well-being as well as a healthy work environment. We believe that investing in employee well-being leads to improved performance for the individual and the organization. Employee Growth and Development Developing our people professionally is one of the most important things we do. We have robust succession planning to ensure our future leaders are ready to assume roles as they become available. At every level of the Company, employees have access to training and tools they can use to advance their skills and expertise and create greater possibilities for their careers. We offer professional and technical courses, including on-the-job training, skills-based learning, mentoring opportunities and leadership development programs for all employees. Employee Engagement We seek ongoing feedback from our employees to better understand what we are doing well and, conversely, how we can improve their experience. In addition to encouraging ongoing communication and feedback between employees and their managers, we conduct periodic employee engagement surveys to ensure all employees have an opportunity to share their insights and we take appropriate action in response. Corporate Responsibility As a global health care company, we seek to meet patient needs while integrating responsible practices across our business. Our Corporate Responsibility efforts include sustainability, access to health care, employee well-being and community-focused initiatives aligned with our company values. We work with employees, suppliers, and partners to support efforts related to health equity, educational opportunity, and environmental stewardship. Our Corporate Responsibility team coordinates with subject matter experts across the business to implement these practices and communicate progress. We manage environmental impacts through enterprise-wide policies, processes and operational controls governing energy use, greenhouse gas emissions and waste management. Our approach includes cutting energy use, converting to renewable energy where feasible, and compensating through carbon offsets where appropriate. Our community programs support employee engagement through volunteerism and giving, including an Employee Matching Gifts program. We collaborate with nonprofit organizations to support health education, workforce development and efforts to reduce health disparities. We also continue our Close the Gap initiative, which focuses on raising health care provider awareness about health disparities and addressing barriers to care for underserved communities. We also support Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) education initiatives designed to engage underrepresented students through employee-led outreach. 11 Available Information Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), are available free of charge on our website (www.bostonscientific.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the material with or furnish it to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Information on our website or linked to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 12 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report) and the exhibits hereto, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements set forth at the end of Part I, Item 1. Business of this Annual Report. The considerations and risks that follow are organized within relevant headings but may be relevant to other headings as well. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Economic, Industry and Geopolitical Risks We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry or low-cost competitive offerings, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The medical device markets in which we participate are highly competitive. We encounter significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold from various medical device companies. Some of our competitors may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, including as a result of consolidation among companies in our industry. Our primary competitors include large manufacturers with multiple lines of business and competing products, as well as a wide range of medical device companies that sell a single or limited number of competitive products or which participate in only a specific market segment or segments. We also face competition from non-medical device companies, including pharmaceutical companies, biotech companies and providers of various diagnostic solutions, which may offer alternative therapies for disease states also amenable to diagnosis or treatment using our products. New competitors may emerge in the future, potentially including companies introducing new sales or distribution models to our industry or leveraging genomic, robotic, navigation, and/or other automation technologies. Digital technologies, including artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning capabilities, have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, research and development (R D) pipeline and product portfolio. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competences in order to remain competitive. In addition, the medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. Developments by other companies of products and/or services, processes or technologies, including low-cost alternatives, may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive and may negatively impact our net sales. It is necessary for us to devote continued efforts and financial resources to the development or acquisition of scientifically advanced technologies and products. In addition, we will need to apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. If we fail to develop or acquire new products or enhance existing products, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, a delay in the timing of the launch of next-generation products and the overall performance of, and continued physician confidence in, those products may result in declines in our market share and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may experience declines in market size, average selling prices for our products, medical procedure volumes and/or our share of the markets in which we compete, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the health care industry consolidates, national and regional government tenders, economic pressures experienced by our customers, capacity shortages within health care facilities that have and may continue to negatively impact demand for our products, public perception of our products, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. Shifts in sites of care including migration of procedures from inpatient to outpatient, ambulatory surgical centers or office-based settings, and associated changes in coverage, reimbursement, payment terms and provider economics, may impact procedure volumes, product mix, and pricing and contracting. These and other factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products or medical procedure volumes. There can be no assurance that the size of the markets in which we compete will increase, that we will be able to hold or gain market share or compete effectively on the basis of price or that the number of procedures in which our products are used will increase. Decreases in market sizes or our market share and declines in average selling prices or procedural volumes could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 13 Continued consolidation in the health care industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing in and access to key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell certain of our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators and third-party payers to curb the rising cost of health care, and to increase access to care, have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power within the markets in which we sell our products. Additionally, a growing number of countries have instituted or are contemplating introducing regional or national tender processes driven primarily by price. In some cases, these or other local procurement processes may favor local players to multinational companies like us. In other instances, multinational companies may be subject to a separate tender bidding process in which they compete only with each other and not with domestic companies. Further, in certain markets, the regulatory process through which new medical devices are approved may be faster and/or less burdensome for domestic companies compared to multinational companies. As the health care industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, resulting in pricing pressures, decreased average selling prices and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide health care industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services and may adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Health care cost containment pressures, government payment and delivery system reforms, changes in private payer policies, and marketplace consolidations could decrease the demand for our products, the prices which customers are willing to pay for those products and/or the number of procedures performed using our devices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our products are purchased principally by hospitals, physicians and other health care providers around the world that typically bill various third-party payers, including government programs, authorities or agencies (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.) and private health plans, for the health care supplies and services provided to their patients. Governments and payers may institute changes in health care delivery or payment systems that may reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of health care costs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Increasingly, payers and health systems require robust health economic evidence and real world outcomes data, including comparative effectiveness, budget impact, and total cost of care analysis, to support coverage, procurement, and continue use, which may require us to fund post-market studies, registries, or other evidence generated in the respective country to maintain or expand access. Reimbursement and funding vary by country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new products and technologies and the use of established products and technologies. Where coverage exists, access may depend on availability, timing, and adequacy of coding, billing, and payment mechanisms and claims processing practices. We may find limited demand for otherwise promising new products unless reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payers. In some circumstances, coverage or reimbursement may be granted on a conditional basis, and may be reduced, restricted or withdrawn if data, utilization, or reassessment do not support the expected clinical outcomes or economic value. Additionally, clinical guidelines, Health Technology Assessment (HTA) determinations, and payer or government reassessments of clinical and economic value may result in changes in coverage and use. These and any other legislative or administrative reforms to the reimbursement systems in the U.S., Japan, China, or other countries in a manner that significantly reduce or eliminate reimbursement for procedures using our medical devices, including price regulation, site of service requirements, competitive bidding and tendering, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, heightened clinical data requirements, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Challenging domestic and international economic conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The global macroeconomic environment has continued to experience challenging conditions and uncertainty, including with respect to inflation, interest rates, monetary policy, exchange rates, tariff and trade policies and geopolitical developments, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If there were a general economic slowdown or recession, we may experience decreased customer spending or demand for our products and services, and our customers ability to pay for our products on a timely basis, or at all, may be impacted. The same economic conditions could also adversely affect our third-party vendors, including those that we utilize in our supply-chain and manufacturing operations, which may lead to a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products or increase the price of such materials or components, as well as the distributors and dealers who offer our products in certain countries and markets. Continued inflationary pressure may also increase certain operational costs, including due to 14 wage increases, or increases in the cost of materials or components. In addition, global pandemics or other public health crises could cause disruptions in global economic activity, global supply chains and labor markets, operational challenges such as site shutdowns, workplace disruptions or limited provider capacity to perform procedures using our products, and significant volatility in price and availability of goods and services. These adverse economic conditions or events could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, uncertainty about global economic conditions, including those resulting from a heightened global interest rate environment, has caused and may continue to cause disruption in the financial markets, including diminished liquidity and credit availability. These conditions could affect our ability to access credit markets, including to obtain financing for mergers and acquisitions (M A) or for other general purposes. These conditions may adversely affect our suppliers, leading them to experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which could cause disruptions in our ability to produce our products. Our customers may experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which may adversely impact their ability or decision to purchase our products, particularly capital equipment, or to pay for our products that they purchase on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, we have accounts receivable factoring programs in certain European and Asian countries. A slowdown in the global economy or sovereign debt issues may impact our ability to transfer receivables to third parties in certain of those countries. Third parties, such as banks, offering factoring programs in these countries are looking to reduce their exposure levels to government owned or supported debt. This could result in terminations of, or changes to the costs or credit limits of our existing factoring programs. Such terminations or changes could have a negative impact on our cash flow and days sales outstanding. Uncertain or challenging global economic conditions could also lead to greater fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial performance. We are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal and regulatory risks and uncertainties with respect to our international operations that could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. International net sales accounted for 36 percent of our global net sales in 2025. An important part of our strategy is to continue pursuing growth opportunities in net sales and market share outside of the U.S. by expanding global presence, including in Emerging Markets. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business and financial risks and uncertainties, including those related to our use of channel partners, go-to-market strategies, geopolitical and economic instability, foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations, competitive product offerings, local changes in health care financing and payment systems and health care delivery systems, local product preferences and requirements, including preferences for local manufacturers, trade protection measures, including tariffs and other barriers to market participation, workforce instability, weaker intellectual property protection in certain countries than exists in the U.S. and longer accounts receivable cycles. Such risks and uncertainties may adversely impact our ability to implement our growth strategy in these markets and, as a result, our sales growth, market share and operating profits from our international operations may be adversely affected. Our international operations are subject to established and developing legal and regulatory requirements for medical devices in each country in which our products are marketed and sold. Most foreign countries have medical device regulations. Further, most countries outside of the U.S. require product approvals be renewed or re-certified on a regular basis in order to continue to be marketed and sold there. In addition, several countries that previously did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded, or plan to expand, existing regulations, including requiring local clinical data in addition to global clinical data. These factors have caused or may cause us to experience more uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in obtaining approvals and commercializing products in certain jurisdictions, which could adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations. Further, international markets are affected by economic pressure to contain health care costs, which can lead to more rigorous evidence requirements and lower reimbursement rates for either our products directly or procedures in which our products are used. Governments and payers may also institute changes in health care delivery systems that may reduce funding for services, seek payback from market participants, or encourage greater scrutiny of health care costs. In addition, certain international markets may also be affected by foreign government efforts to reference reimbursement rates in other countries. All of these types of changes may ultimately reduce selling prices of our products and/or reduce the number of procedures in which our products are used, which may adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations. In addition, our international operations are subject to other established and developing U.S. and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, including FCPA and/or similar laws in other countries, and U.S. and foreign import and export controls and licensing requirements, trade protection and embargo measures and customs laws. Global businesses, including those in the medical device industry, are facing increasing scrutiny of, and heightened enforcement efforts with respect to, their 15 international operations. Any alleged or actual failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements may subject us to government scrutiny, civil and/or criminal proceedings, sanctions, fines and penalties, or reputational harm which may have a material adverse effect on our international operations, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity. There continues to exist significant uncertainty regarding potential shifts in trade policies, tariffs and other trade protection measures, and the reaction of countries thereto, or changes to international trade agreements, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, including our ability to source and manufacture products in a timely and cost effective manner, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity. Legislation aimed at boosting competitiveness of U.S. businesses may have unintended negative effects on our business. We may also face greater competition in China, among other countries, from domestic medical device companies that may benefit from their status as local manufacturers and suppliers. Geopolitical developments related to ongoing global conflicts and tensions are sources of uncertainty and risk, and may cause disruptions to global or regional markets, supply chains or operations in applicable regions, including those related to the Russia/Ukraine war, tension in the Taiwan strait, and conflicts in the Middle East. Sanctions and export restrictions may continue to proliferate, leading to greater uncertainty in emerging and growth markets. Notably the Russia/Ukraine war has continued to create barriers to doing business in Russia and in parts of Eastern Europe and conflicts in the Middle East have disrupted operations of companies doing business in the region, including in Israel. Any significant changes in the political, economic, financial, competitive, legal and regulatory or reimbursement conditions where we conduct, or plan to expand, our international operations may have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Credit and Financial Risks If we are unable to manage our debt levels, maintain investment grade credit ratings at the three ratings agencies, or if we experience a disruption in our cash flows, it could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations. As part of our strategy to maximize stockholder value, we use financial leverage to manage our cost of capital. Our outstanding debt balance was $11.436 billion as of December 31, 2025. Although we currently have investment grade ratings at Moody's Investor Service, Standard Poor's Rating Service and Fitch Ratings, our inability to maintain investment grade credit ratings could increase our cost of borrowing funds in the future and reduce our access to liquidity. Uncertain or negative economic conditions could also increase our cost of borrowing in the future or reduce our access to liquidity. Delays in product development and new product approvals and launches could result in disruption in our cash flow or our ability to continue to effectively manage our debt levels, which could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, our credit agreements contain a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a maximum specified leverage ratio and place other limits on our business. If we are unable to satisfy this covenant, we may be required to obtain waivers from our lenders and no assurance can be made that our lenders would grant such waivers on favorable terms or at all and we could be required to repay any borrowings on demand. We may record future goodwill impairment charges related to one or more of our global reporting units or other intangible asset impairment charges, which could materially adversely impact our results of operations. We test our goodwill balances in the second quarter of each year as of April 1 for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest an impairment may exist. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. We also test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present, and we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly for impairment. In evaluating the potential for impairment, we make assumptions regarding estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates. On a quarterly basis, we monitor the key drivers of fair value to detect events or other changes that would warrant an interim impairment test of our goodwill and other intangible assets. Declines in the future performance and cash flows of a reporting unit or asset group, changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses, or small changes in other key assumptions, may result in the recognition of significant asset impairment charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 16 Business and Operational Risks Failure to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. As part of our strategy to strengthen our core businesses and expand into high growth adjacencies, we have completed multiple acquisitions in recent years and may pursue additional acquisitions in the future. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems and finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant management time. Some of the factors that could affect the success of our acquisitions include, among others, the effectiveness of our due diligence process, our ability to execute our business plan for the acquired companies, the strength of the acquired technology, results of clinical trials, regulatory approvals and reimbursement levels of the acquired products and related procedures, the continued performance of critical transition services, our ability to adequately fund acquired in-process research and development projects and retain key employees and our ability to achieve synergies with our acquired companies, such as increasing sales of our products, achieving cost savings and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. Foreign acquisitions involve unique risks, including those related to integration of operations across different geographies, cultures and languages, currency risks and risks associated with the economic, political, legal and regulatory environment in specific countries, including tax laws. In addition, we have and may in the future acquire less than full ownership interests in other businesses, which involve unique challenges for effective collaboration. Further, other parties that hold remaining ownership interests in such businesses may at any time have economic or business goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of such businesses. Our failure to manage these challenges successfully and coordinate the growth of such businesses or other investments could have an adverse impact on our business and our future growth. In addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire or invest in will become profitable or remain so, and if our acquisitions or investments are not successful, we may record related asset impairment charges in the future or experience other negative consequences on our operating results. We may not be successful in our strategy relating to future strategic acquisitions of, investments in, or alliances with, other companies and businesses. Our strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high quality medical devices. We face competition for acquisitions from other health care and non-health care acquirers, financial sponsors, and from the market for initial public offerings (IPOs). Some of our competitors in the medical device sector may have access to substantially greater amounts of cash than we do that could be deployed into M A or strategic investments if they so choose. The market for IPOs may also reduce the opportunities available to us for M A and/or cause us to need to pay higher prices. If we are unsuccessful in our acquisitions, investments and alliances, it may adversely impact our ability to grow our business. Any potential future acquisitions we consummate may be dilutive to our earnings and may require additional debt or equity financing, depending on their size or nature. The success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments or alliances will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to: identify suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance, if at all, manage acquisition, investment or alliance opportunities within our capital capacity and prioritize those investments to execute on our strategy, manage our due diligence process to uncover potential issues with targets, finance any future acquisition, investment or alliance on terms acceptable to us, if at all, complete acquisitions, investments or alliances in a timely manner on terms that are satisfactory to us, if at all, successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses and collaborate with non-wholly owned businesses, successfully identify and retain key target employees, comply with applicable laws and regulations, including foreign laws and regulations, and protect intellectual property and prevail in litigation related to newly acquired technologies. We may not realize the expected benefits from our restructuring and optimization initiatives, our long-term cost savings programs may result in an increase in short-term expenses and our efforts may lead to unintended consequences. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the health care industry and the markets in which we compete, and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital and our people, which we believe is important to our long-term success. As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken prior restructuring and optimization initiatives to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success, and may undertake other restructuring and optimization initiatives in the future. For example, in February 2023, we committed to a global restructuring program (the 2023 17 Restructuring Plan) intended to support our efforts to expand operating performance and meet evolving global market demands and conditions, and which built on our Global Supply Chain Optimization strategy to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network by transferring certain production lines among facilities and expanding operational efficiencies and resiliency across production, sterilization, and distribution. Key activities under the 2023 Restructuring Plan were initiated during the first quarter of 2023 and were substantially complete by the end of 2025. The 2023 Restructuring Plan is expected to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $700 million to $800 million and reduce gross annual pre-tax expenses by approximately $350 million to $400 million as program benefits are realized. We expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. These measures and any future restructuring and optimization initiatives could yield unintended consequences, such as distraction of our management and employees, reduced employee productivity, business disruption, and inability to attract or retain key personnel, which could negatively affect our business, sales, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, our restructuring and optimization initiatives result in charges and expenses which impact our operating results. We cannot guarantee that the activities under our restructuring plans or other optimization initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings. Our future growth is dependent upon the development of new products and enhancement of existing products, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals, all of which may be very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in commercially viable products. In order to develop new products and enhance existing products, we focus our research and development programs largely on the development of next-generation and novel technology offerings across multiple programs and businesses. The development of new products and enhancement of existing products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products, complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the U.S. and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products and gain and maintain market approval of our products. There can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. If we are unable to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and launch new products and enhanced products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be materially adversely impacted. Further, we are continuing to investigate and have completed multiple acquisitions that involve opportunities to further expand our presence in and diversify into, priority growth areas by accessing new products and technologies. There can be no assurance that our investments will be successful or that we will be able to access new products and technologies on terms favorable to us, or that these products and technologies will achieve commercial feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. A delay in the development or approval of new products and technologies or our decision to reduce or terminate our investments may adversely impact the contribution of these technologies to our future growth. Additionally, certain products or groups of products, in particular new products or enhancements of existing products, may have a disproportionate impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to meet growth projections, poor clinical outcomes, increasing regulatory requirements, approval and launch delays and inability to effectively scale manufacturing and achieve targeted margins with respect to any of these products or groups of products in particular may materially adversely impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Interruption of our supply chain or manufacturing operations, including resulting from natural disasters, public health crises, geopolitical developments or other events outside of our control, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our products are designed and manufactured in technology centers around the world, either by us or third parties. In most cases, the manufacturing of any specific product is concentrated in one or a few locations. Factors such as a failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, environmental factors or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. In the event of an interruption in manufacturing, we may be unable to quickly move to alternate means of producing affected products or to meet customer demand. In the event of a significant interruption, for example, as a result of a failure to follow regulatory protocols and procedures, we may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products due primarily to needs for regulatory approvals. We have also faced and may continue to face disruptions in the transportation of materials, components and our products within our global supply chains, including as a result of labor disputes or shortages, strikes, port closures, public health crises or geopolitical developments, which may cause delays in the shipment of our products or other disruptions to our business, as well as increased freight costs. As a result, we may experience loss of market share, which we may be unable to recapture and harm to our reputation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 18 Disruptions in the supply of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products by third-party vendors or the sterilization of our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We purchase the majority of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products from third-party vendors. Certain of these materials and components are purchased from single sources due to quality considerations, expertise, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. In certain cases, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement vendors for such materials or components in a timely or cost effective manner, largely as a result of FDA regulations that require validation of materials and components prior to their use in our products and the complex nature of our and many of our vendors' manufacturing processes. Further, uncertain or negative economic conditions, including as a result of inflationary pressures, interest rates or geopolitical developments, could negatively affect our third-party vendors, which could lead to a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products or increase the price of such materials or components. A reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products, an inability to timely develop and validate alternative sources if required or a significant increase in the price of such materials or components could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale and we utilize a mix of internal resources and contract sterilizers to perform this service. To the extent we or our contract sterilizers are unable to sterilize our products, whether due to capacity, availability of materials for sterilization, regulatory or other constraints, including evolving federal and state regulations on the use of ethylene oxide, we may be unable to transition to alternative internal or external resources or methods in a timely or cost effective manner or at all, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, U.S. and international governments have or are considering adopting regulations on the use of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), and primary manufacturers of PFAS materials have announced that they are discontinuing the supply of such materials. These changes could have an adverse impact on our ability to manufacture or supply certain products in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all. These and other environmental laws and regulations may have additional impacts on us or our suppliers, or result in fines and penalties or litigation against us, which could adversely affect our financial condition. We rely on the proper function, availability and security of information technology systems to operate our business and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) systems, including technology from third party vendors, to manufacture and ship our products, as well as to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Similar to other large multi-national companies, the size and complexity of our IT systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Various other factors may also cause system failures or security breaches, including power outages, natural disasters, inadequate or ineffective backups, issues with upgrading or creating new systems or platforms, vulnerabilities in third-party software or services, errors by our staff or third-party service providers, or breaches in the security of these technologies. We have faced, and may continue to face, operational interruptions as we continue to implement our global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. Malicious actors may attempt to trick staff to disclose information to gain access to our systems and/or data. International conflicts have also heightened cybersecurity risks on a global basis. If our incident response, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans fail, such failure could result in adverse impacts to our business operations and our financial results. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information and changing customer patterns. This includes opportunities as well as risks associated with the integration of AI into our or our suppliers' or customers' operations. While AI presents significant opportunities for innovation and efficiency, it could introduce new risks in managing information systems and in the cybersecurity threat landscape. In addition, third parties have and may continue to attempt to hack into our products to obtain data relating to patients, or alter the intended functionality of our medical devices, or disrupt performance of our products, or access our proprietary information and the technology from third party vendors that we rely upon may have defects or vulnerabilities which, in turn, create vulnerabilities or disruptions in our system. Cyber-attacks continue to evolve in complexity and scope, and inherently may be difficult to detect. This includes emerging technologies which increase our threat landscape, such as generative AI and quantum computing, which are evolving rapidly in their practicality and use for cyber-attacks including through enhanced social engineering, and for cyber-attacks on industry standard data protections through increased computing capabilities. We have seen, and could continue to see, software and supply-chain vulnerabilities and malware, which could affect our systems and the systems of our third-party vendors and business partners . Some of our IT and OT systems contain legacy third-party software components for which we depend on a layered security 19 approach to protect against exploitation, and such layered security approach may not be effective. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our IT or OT systems, products and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions or other breaches, could result in outages or unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations, or, in the worst case, could result in harm to patients. In addition, such attackers may make demands for ransom, which could result in financial loss, or, if we determine not to pay such ransom, other harm, loss, or misappropriation of our data and assets. Such failure, or demonstration of vulnerability to such failure, may also result in additional regulatory scrutiny. We also grow our company through acquisitions and may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in acquired systems as we work to integrate the acquisitions into our IT system. We are subject to a wide range of global privacy, data protection, and cross border data transfer laws. In the United States, federal and state regulations govern the confidentiality and security of personal information, including health data. In the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) imposes strict requirements and significant potential penalties. China s data protection and cross border transfer laws, including requirements under the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) and related regulations, impose strict obligations on how data involving Chinese individuals may be handled, along with similar regulations in other jurisdictions, impose additional obligations on how personal data may be collected, stored, and transferred, including data localization and government approval requirements. These evolving global regulations increase operational complexity and compliance costs, and non compliance could result in fines, business disruptions, or limitations on our ability to move data across our systems and support global operations. Our product systems also require adherence to evolving regulatory standards and customer patterns and requirements worldwide. We strive to meet the expectations of applicable regulations, however, there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies or civil actions based on this growing body of regulations. Enforcement actions could be costly and interrupt regular operations of our business, including related to market approvals of products and technologies. Any of these events, in turn, may cause us to lose existing customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals, be subject to legal claims and liability, have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed, have increases in operating expenses, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach or theft of intellectual property, or suffer other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business and operations are subject to risks related to natural disasters, climate change and other extreme weather. Natural disasters, extreme weather and other conditions caused by or related to climate change could adversely impact our supply chain, including manufacturing and distribution networks, the availability and cost of raw materials and components, energy supply, transportation, or other inputs necessary for the operation of our business. Climate change and natural disasters could also result in physical damage to our facilities as well as those of our suppliers, customers, and other business partners, which could cause disruption in our business and operations or increase costs to operate our business. Increased environmental regulation, including to address climate change, as well as new disclosure and reporting requirements in the U.S., EU and other jurisdictions, including with respect to climate change and carbon emissions, may result in increases in our or our suppliers' compliance burdens and costs to operate our business, or restrict certain aspects of our activities. The extent and severity of climate change impacts are unknown, and therefore, the scope of potential impact on our business may be difficult to predict and it may be difficult to adequately prepare. Our business could be negatively impacted by corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters. There continues to be an increased focus from certain investors, customers, employees, regulators and other stakeholders globally concerning corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters. From time to time, we announce certain initiatives and/or goals, including related to sustainability and environmental matters, including carbon emissions and renewable energy goals, employee engagement, responsible sourcing and social investments. We may fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals, or we could fail in accurately reporting our progress on such initiatives and goals. Such failures could be due to changes in our business. Moreover, the standards by which corporate social responsibility and sustainability efforts and related matters are measured continue to develop and evolve, and certain areas are subject to assumptions that could change over time. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals or perceived as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters. Any such corporate social responsibility, sustainability or other similar matters could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 20 If we are unable to attract or retain key talent, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In our industry, there is substantial competition for key personnel in the regions in which we operate and we may face increased competition for such employees. Our business depends to a significant extent on the continued service of senior management and other key personnel, the development of additional management personnel and the hiring of new qualified employees. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in retaining and developing existing personnel or recruiting new personnel. The loss of one or more key employees, our ability to attract or develop new or additional qualified employees or any delay in hiring key personnel could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations. A shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase labor costs. Our ability to attract and retain key talent at all levels of our organization has been and could continue to be challenged by these conditions, and inability to attract and retain talent could result in material adverse impacts to our business and results of operations. Legal and Regulatory Risk Factors Health care policy changes may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Political, economic and policy influences are leading the health care industry to make substantial structural and financial changes that will continue affecting our results of operations. Government and private sector initiatives aimed at limiting the growth of health care costs (including price regulation), coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments, increasing price transparency and reforming health care delivery and payment structures, are continuing in many countries where we do business. We believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to place increased emphasis on the delivery of treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies 