=== BSX_2026-02-17.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report) and the exhibits hereto, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements set forth at the end of Part I, Item 1. Business of this Annual Report. The considerations and risks that follow are organized within relevant headings but may be relevant to other headings as well. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Economic, Industry and Geopolitical Risks We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry or low-cost competitive offerings, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The medical device markets in which we participate are highly competitive. We encounter significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold from various medical device companies. Some of our competitors may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, including as a result of consolidation among companies in our industry. Our primary competitors include large manufacturers with multiple lines of business and competing products, as well as a wide range of medical device companies that sell a single or limited number of competitive products or which participate in only a specific market segment or segments. We also face competition from non-medical device companies, including pharmaceutical companies, biotech companies and providers of various diagnostic solutions, which may offer alternative therapies for disease states also amenable to diagnosis or treatment using our products. New competitors may emerge in the future, potentially including companies introducing new sales or distribution models to our industry or leveraging genomic, robotic, navigation, and/or other automation technologies. Digital technologies, including artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning capabilities, have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, research and development (R&D) pipeline and product portfolio. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competences in order to remain competitive. In addition, the medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. Developments by other companies of products and/or services, processes or technologies, including low-cost alternatives, may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive and may negatively impact our net sales. It is necessary for us to devote continued efforts and financial resources to the development or acquisition of scientifically advanced technologies and products. In addition, we will need to apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. If we fail to develop or acquire new products or enhance existing products, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, a delay in the timing of the launch of next-generation products and the overall performance of, and continued physician confidence in, those products may result in declines in our market share and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may experience declines in market size, average selling prices for our products, medical procedure volumes and/or our share of the markets in which we compete, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the health care industry consolidates, national and regional government tenders, economic pressures experienced by our customers, capacity shortages within health care facilities that have and may continue to negatively impact demand for our products, public perception of our products, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. Shifts in sites of care including migration of procedures from inpatient to outpatient, ambulatory surgical centers or office-based settings, and associated changes in coverage, reimbursement, payment terms and provider economics, may impact procedure volumes, product mix, and pricing and contracting. These and other factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products or medical procedure volumes. There can be no assurance that the size of the markets in which we compete will increase, that we will be able to hold or gain market share or compete effectively on the basis of price or that the number of procedures in which our products are used will increase. Decreases in market sizes or our market share and declines in average selling prices or procedural volumes could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 13 Continued consolidation in the health care industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing in and access to key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell certain of our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators and third-party payers to curb the rising cost of health care, and to increase access to care, have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power within the markets in which we sell our products. Additionally, a growing number of countries have instituted or are contemplating introducing regional or national tender processes driven primarily by price. In some cases, these or other local procurement processes may favor local players to multinational companies like us. In other instances, multinational companies may be subject to a separate tender bidding process in which they compete only with each other and not with domestic companies. Further, in certain markets, the regulatory process through which new medical devices are approved may be faster and/or less burdensome for domestic companies compared to multinational companies. As the health care industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, resulting in pricing pressures, decreased average selling prices and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide health care industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services and may adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Health care cost containment pressures, government payment and delivery system reforms, changes in private payer policies, and marketplace consolidations could decrease the demand for our products, the prices which customers are willing to pay for those products and/or the number of procedures performed using our devices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our products are purchased principally by hospitals, physicians and other health care providers around the world that typically bill various third-party payers, including government programs, authorities or agencies (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.) and private health plans, for the health care supplies and services provided to their patients. Governments and payers may institute changes in health care delivery or payment systems that may reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of health care costs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Increasingly, payers and health systems require robust health economic evidence and real world outcomes data, including comparative effectiveness, budget impact, and total cost of care analysis, to support coverage, procurement, and continue use, which may require us to fund post-market studies, registries, or other evidence generated in the respective country to maintain or expand access. Reimbursement and funding vary by country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new products and technologies and the use of established products and technologies. Where coverage exists, access may depend on availability, timing, and adequacy of coding, billing, and payment mechanisms and claims processing practices. We may find limited demand for otherwise promising new products unless reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payers. In some circumstances, coverage or reimbursement may be granted on a conditional basis, and may be reduced, restricted or withdrawn if data, utilization, or reassessment do not support the expected clinical outcomes or economic value. Additionally, clinical guidelines, Health Technology Assessment (HTA) determinations, and payer or government reassessments of clinical and economic value may result in changes in coverage and use. These and any other legislative or administrative reforms to the reimbursement systems in the U.S., Japan, China, or other countries in a manner that significantly reduce or eliminate reimbursement for procedures using our medical devices, including price regulation, site of service requirements, competitive bidding and tendering, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, heightened clinical data requirements, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Challenging domestic and international economic conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The global macroeconomic environment has continued to experience challenging conditions and uncertainty, including with respect to inflation, interest rates, monetary policy, exchange rates, tariff and trade policies and geopolitical developments, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If there were a general economic slowdown or recession, we may experience decreased customer spending or demand for our products and services, and our customers’ ability to pay for our products on a timely basis, or at all, may be impacted. The same economic conditions could also adversely affect our third-party vendors, including those that we utilize in our supply-chain and manufacturing operations, which may lead to a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products or increase the price of such materials or components, as well as the distributors and dealers who offer our products in certain countries and markets. Continued inflationary pressure may also increase certain operational costs, including due to 14 wage increases, or increases in the cost of materials or components. In addition, global pandemics or other public health crises could cause disruptions in global economic activity, global supply chains and labor markets, operational challenges such as site shutdowns, workplace disruptions or limited provider capacity to perform procedures using our products, and significant volatility in price and availability of goods and services. These adverse economic conditions or events could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, uncertainty about global economic conditions, including those resulting from a heightened global interest rate environment, has caused and may continue to cause disruption in the financial markets, including diminished liquidity and credit availability. These conditions could affect our ability to access credit markets, including to obtain financing for mergers and acquisitions (M&A) or for other general purposes. These conditions may adversely affect our suppliers, leading them to experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which could cause disruptions in our ability to produce our products. Our customers may experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which may adversely impact their ability or decision to purchase our products, particularly capital equipment, or to pay for our products that they purchase on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, we have accounts receivable factoring programs in certain European and Asian countries. A slowdown in the global economy or sovereign debt issues may impact our ability to transfer receivables to third parties in certain of those countries. Third parties, such as banks, offering factoring programs in these countries are looking to reduce their exposure levels to government owned or supported debt. This could result in terminations of, or changes to the costs or credit limits of our existing factoring programs. Such terminations or changes could have a negative impact on our cash flow and days sales outstanding. Uncertain or challenging global economic conditions could also lead to greater fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial performance. We are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal and regulatory risks and uncertainties with respect to our international operations that could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. International net sales accounted for 36 percent of our global net sales in 2025. An important part of our strategy is to continue pursuing growth opportunities in net sales and market share outside of the U.S. by expanding global presence, including in Emerging Markets. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business and financial risks and uncertainties, including those related to our use of channel partners, go-to-market strategies, geopolitical and economic instability, foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations, competitive product offerings, local changes in health care financing and payment systems and health care delivery systems, local product preferences and requirements, including preferences for local manufacturers, trade protection measures, including tariffs and other barriers to market participation, workforce instability, weaker intellectual property protection in certain countries than exists in the U.S. and longer accounts receivable cycles. Such risks and uncertainties may adversely impact our ability to implement our growth strategy in these markets and, as a result, our sales growth, market share and operating profits from our international operations may be adversely affected. Our international operations are subject to established and developing legal and regulatory requirements for medical devices in each country in which our products are marketed and sold. Most foreign countries have medical device regulations. Further, most countries outside of the U.S. require product approvals be renewed or re-certified on a regular basis in order to continue to be marketed and sold there. In addition, several countries that previously did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded, or plan to expand, existing regulations, including requiring local clinical data in addition to global clinical data. These factors have caused or may cause us to experience more uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in obtaining approvals and commercializing products in certain jurisdictions, which could adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations. Further, international markets are affected by economic pressure to contain health care costs, which can lead to more rigorous evidence requirements and lower reimbursement rates for either our products directly or procedures in which our products are used. Governments and payers may also institute changes in health care delivery systems that may reduce funding for services, seek payback from market participants, or encourage greater scrutiny of health care costs. In addition, certain international markets may also be affected by foreign government efforts to reference reimbursement rates in other countries. All of these types of changes may ultimately reduce selling prices of our products and/or reduce the number of procedures in which our products are used, which may adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations. In addition, our international operations are subject to other established and developing U.S. and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, including FCPA and/or similar laws in other countries, and U.S. and foreign import and export controls and licensing requirements, trade protection and embargo measures and customs laws. Global businesses, including those in the medical device industry, are facing increasing scrutiny of, and heightened enforcement efforts with respect to, their 15 international operations. Any alleged or actual failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements may subject us to government scrutiny, civil and/or criminal proceedings, sanctions, fines and penalties, or reputational harm which may have a material adverse effect on our international operations, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity. There continues to exist significant uncertainty regarding potential shifts in trade policies, tariffs and other trade protection measures, and the reaction of countries thereto, or changes to international trade agreements, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, including our ability to source and manufacture products in a timely and cost effective manner, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity. Legislation aimed at boosting competitiveness of U.S. businesses may have unintended negative effects on our business. We may also face greater competition in China, among other countries, from domestic medical device companies that may benefit from their status as local manufacturers and suppliers. Geopolitical developments related to ongoing global conflicts and tensions are sources of uncertainty and risk, and may cause disruptions to global or regional markets, supply chains or operations in applicable regions, including those related to the Russia/Ukraine war, tension in the Taiwan strait, and conflicts in the Middle East. Sanctions and export restrictions may continue to proliferate, leading to greater uncertainty in emerging and growth markets. Notably the Russia/Ukraine war has continued to create barriers to doing business in Russia and in parts of Eastern Europe and conflicts in the Middle East have disrupted operations of companies doing business in the region, including in Israel. Any significant changes in the political, economic, financial, competitive, legal and regulatory or reimbursement conditions where we conduct, or plan to expand, our international operations may have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Credit and Financial Risks If we are unable to manage our debt levels, maintain investment grade credit ratings at the three ratings agencies, or if we experience a disruption in our cash flows, it could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations. As part of our strategy to maximize stockholder value, we use financial leverage to manage our cost of capital. Our outstanding debt balance was $11.436 billion as of December 31, 2025. Although we currently have investment grade ratings at Moody's Investor Service, Standard & Poor's Rating Service and Fitch Ratings, our inability to maintain investment grade credit ratings could increase our cost of borrowing funds in the future and reduce our access to liquidity. Uncertain or negative economic conditions could also increase our cost of borrowing in the future or reduce our access to liquidity. Delays in product development and new product approvals and launches could result in disruption in our cash flow or our ability to continue to effectively manage our debt levels, which could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, our credit agreements contain a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a maximum specified leverage ratio and place other limits on our business. If we are unable to satisfy this covenant, we may be required to obtain waivers from our lenders and no assurance can be made that our lenders would grant such waivers on favorable terms or at all and we could be required to repay any borrowings on demand. We may record future goodwill impairment charges related to one or more of our global reporting units or other intangible asset impairment charges, which could materially adversely impact our results of operations. We test our goodwill balances in the second quarter of each year as of April 1 for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest an impairment may exist. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. We also test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present, and we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly for impairment. In evaluating the potential for impairment, we make assumptions regarding estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates. On a quarterly basis, we monitor the key drivers of fair value to detect events or other changes that would warrant an interim impairment test of our goodwill and other intangible assets. Declines in the future performance and cash flows of a reporting unit or asset group, changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses, or small changes in other key assumptions, may result in the recognition of significant asset impairment charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 16 Business and Operational Risks Failure to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. As part of our strategy to strengthen our core businesses and expand into high growth adjacencies, we have completed multiple acquisitions in recent years and may pursue additional acquisitions in the future. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems and finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant management time. Some of the factors that could affect the success of our acquisitions include, among others, the effectiveness of our due diligence process, our ability to execute our business plan for the acquired companies, the strength of the acquired technology, results of clinical trials, regulatory approvals and reimbursement levels of the acquired products and related procedures, the continued performance of critical transition services, our ability to adequately fund acquired in-process research and development projects and retain key employees and our ability to achieve synergies with our acquired companies, such as increasing sales of our products, achieving cost savings and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. Foreign acquisitions involve unique risks, including those related to integration of operations across different geographies, cultures and languages, currency risks and risks associated with the economic, political, legal and regulatory environment in specific countries, including tax laws. In addition, we have and may in the future acquire less than full ownership interests in other businesses, which involve unique challenges for effective collaboration. Further, other parties that hold remaining ownership interests in such businesses may at any time have economic or business goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of such businesses. Our failure to manage these challenges successfully and coordinate the growth of such businesses or other investments could have an adverse impact on our business and our future growth. In addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire or invest in will become profitable or remain so, and if our acquisitions or investments are not successful, we may record related asset impairment charges in the future or experience other negative consequences on our operating results. We may not be successful in our strategy relating to future strategic acquisitions of, investments in, or alliances with, other companies and businesses. Our strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high quality medical devices. We face competition for acquisitions from other health care and non-health care acquirers, financial sponsors, and from the market for initial public offerings (IPOs). Some of our competitors in the medical device sector may have access to substantially greater amounts of cash than we do that could be deployed into M&A or strategic investments if they so choose. The market for IPOs may also reduce the opportunities available to us for M&A and/or cause us to need to pay higher prices. If we are unsuccessful in our acquisitions, investments and alliances, it may adversely impact our ability to grow our business. Any potential future acquisitions we consummate may be dilutive to our earnings and may require additional debt or equity financing, depending on their size or nature. The success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments or alliances will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to: • identify suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance, if at all, • manage acquisition, investment or alliance opportunities within our capital capacity and prioritize those investments to execute on our strategy, • manage our due diligence process to uncover potential issues with targets, • finance any future acquisition, investment or alliance on terms acceptable to us, if at all, • complete acquisitions, investments or alliances in a timely manner on terms that are satisfactory to us, if at all, • successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses and collaborate with non-wholly owned businesses, • successfully identify and retain key target employees, • comply with applicable laws and regulations, including foreign laws and regulations, and • protect intellectual property and prevail in litigation related to newly acquired technologies. We may not realize the expected benefits from our restructuring and optimization initiatives, our long-term cost savings programs may result in an increase in short-term expenses and our efforts may lead to unintended consequences. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the health care industry and the markets in which we compete, and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital and our people, which we believe is important to our long-term success. As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken prior restructuring and optimization initiatives to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success, and may undertake other restructuring and optimization initiatives in the future. For example, in February 2023, we committed to a global restructuring program (the 2023 17 Restructuring Plan) intended to support our efforts to expand operating performance and meet evolving global market demands and conditions, and which built on our Global Supply Chain Optimization strategy to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network by transferring certain production lines among facilities and expanding operational efficiencies and resiliency across production, sterilization, and distribution. Key activities under the 2023 Restructuring Plan were initiated during the first quarter of 2023 and were substantially complete by 

=== BSX_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION (c) On February 19, 2026 , Michael F. Mahoney , our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , terminated a trading plan that was originally entered into on August 29, 2025 and intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c). The plan covered the sale of up to 478,914 shares of our common stock, including 287,264 shares to be acquired upon exercise of stock options. Transactions under the plan were based upon pre-established dates and stock price thresholds. ITEM 6. EXHIBITS (* documents filed or furnished with this report; # compensatory plans or arrangements) 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 14, 2026, among the Company, Pinehurst Merger Sub, Inc. and Penumbra, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2026, File No. 1-11083). 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2026, by and among Boston Scientific Corporation, the lenders parties thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2026. File No. 1-11083). 10.2 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2026, by and among Boston Scientific Corporation, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2026. File No. 1-11083). 10.3 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2026, by and among Boston Scientific Corporation, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent., (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2026. File No. 1-11083). 22 Subsidiary Issuer of Guaranteed Securities (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 22 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, filed on August 1, 2025, File No. 1-11083). 31.1* Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2* Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1* Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2* Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 43 Table of Contents 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 44 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on May 1, 2026. BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION By: /s/ Jonathan Monson Name: Jonathan Monson Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 45 