=== APH_2026-04-08.htm.gz ===
tm261344-1_nonfiling - none - 18.2437016s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Amphenol Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING and PROXY STATEMENT AMPHENOL CORPORATION 358 HALL AVENUE WALLINGFORD, CONNECTICUT 06492 TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TIME AND DATE 11:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on Thursday, May 21, 2026 PLACE Amphenol Corporation World Headquarters Conference Center 358 Hall Avenue Wallingford, CT 06492 (203) 265-8900 AGENDA 1. To elect eight directors as named for the term indicated in the proxy statement. 2. To ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as independent public accountants. 3. To conduct an advisory vote to approve compensation of named executive officers. 4. To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting and any postponements or adjournments thereof. By Order of the Board of Directors Lance E. D Amico Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel April 8, 2026 IMPORTANT PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY CARD WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholders Meeting to Be Held on May 21, 2026: The Proxy Statement and Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 are available at www.edocumentview.com/APH. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary iii Proxy Statement 1 Record Date 1 Internet Availability of Proxy Materials 1 Proxies and Voting 1 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 4 Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 5 Proposal 1. Election of Eight Directors 6 Director Nominees 7 The Board of Directors and the Committees of the Board 15 Governance Principles 15 Director Independence 15 Leadership Structure 15 Board of Directors Summary Information 17 Director Selection Process 17 Committees 18 Meetings of the Board and Committees 21 Risk Oversight 21 Cybersecurity Governance 22 Human Capital Management and Our Culture 22 Oversight of Sustainability Matters 23 Director Compensation for the 2025 Fiscal Year 24 Communications with the Board of Directors 25 Board Member Attendance at Annual Meeting of Stockholders 25 Report of the Audit Committee 26 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 27 Pre-Approval of Auditor Services 27 Hiring Restrictions on Former Employees of Auditor 27 Proposal 2. Ratification of the Selection of Independent Public Accountants 28 Executive Officers Who are not Directors 29 Compensation Discussion Analysis 31 Overview of Compensation 31 Say on Pay 31 The Compensation Committee 31 Role of Compensation Consultant in Compensation Decisions 32 Role of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions 32 Philosophy and Objectives of Compensation Program 32 Elements of Compensation Program 32 Base Salary 33 Annual Cash Incentive Plans 33 Stock Option Plans 35 Insurance Benefits 35 i TABLE OF CONTENTS Retirement Benefits 35 Perquisites/Other 36 Compensation of Named Executive Officers 36 Company Performance 36 Pay Mix 37 2025 Management Incentive Plan Determination 38 CEO Compensation 38 Other Named Executive Officers Compensation 39 Compensation Committee Report 42 Summary Compensation Table 43 Employment Agreements 44 Stock Option Plans 44 Repricing of Options/Granting of SARs 45 Grants of Plan Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2025 46 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year End 47 Option Exercises and Stock Vested for the 2025 Fiscal Year 48 Pensions and Deferred Compensation 48 Pension Plan 48 Pension Benefits for the 2025 Fiscal Year 49 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for the 2025 Fiscal Year 50 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 52 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 55 CEO Pay Ratio 58 Proposal 3. Advisory Vote to Approve Compensation of Named Executive Officers 60 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 61 Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors and Certain Executives 61 Clawback Policy 61 Insider Trading Compliance Policy 61 Policies and Practices Related to the Grant of Certain Equity Awards Close in Time to the Release of Material Nonpublic Information 62 Prohibition on Short Sales, Transactions in Derivative Securities and Hedging 62 Investor Outreach 62 Sustainability Report 63 Stockholder Proposals 63 General and Other Matters 65 ii TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement and Amphenol s Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 carefully before voting. Annual Meeting of Stockholders Meeting Place Amphenol Corporation World Headquarters Conference Center 358 Hall Avenue Wallingford, CT 06492 Meeting Date Thursday , May 21, 2026 Meeting Time 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time Record Date March 23, 2026 Stockholders as of the record date are entitled to vote their shares at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Amphenol Corporation (the Annual Meeting ). Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote for each director nominee and for each of the other proposals to be voted on. Meeting Agenda and Voting Matters Board Vote Recommendation Page References (for more detail) Proposal 1 Election of Eight Directors FOR each nominee 6 Proposal 2 Ratification of the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as independent public accountants FOR 28 Proposal 3 Advisory vote to approve compensation of named executive officers FOR 60 iii TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominees* Director Tenure Principal Occupation Independent Committee Memberships Other Public Company Boards Name AC CC EC FC NCGC David P. Falck (Lead Independent Director) Since 2013 Former Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Y C Nancy A. Altobello Since 2021 Former Global Vice Chair, Talent of Ernst Young Y C, F MarketAxess Holdings Inc./Wex Inc. Sanjiv Lamba Since 2026 Chairman and CEO of Linde PLC Y Linde PLC Rita S. Lane Since 2020 Former VP of Operations of Apple Inc. Y C L3Harris Technologies, Inc./ Signify N.V. Robert A. Livingston Since 2018 Former CEO of Dover Corporation Y F C RPM International Inc. R. Adam Norwitt (Chairman)* Since 2009 President and CEO of Amphenol Corporation N Prahlad Singh Since 2023 President and CEO of Revvity, Inc. Y Revvity, Inc. Anne Clarke Wolff Since 2018 Founder and CEO of Independence Point Advisors Y F C Scholastic Corporation AC Audit Committee C Chair CC Compensation Committee EC Executive Committee FC Finance Committee F Financial Expert NCGC Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee * Martin H. Loeffler will not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting, but Mr. Loeffler will continue to serve as Chairman of the Board through the Annual Meeting. Mr. Norwitt has been appointed to serve as Chairman of the Board, effective as of the date of the Annual Meeting. Attendance Except for two directors missing one special Board meeting, each of the Company s director nominees attended 100% of the Board and committee meetings on which such director sits in 2025. iv TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance Documents Amphenol Corporation (the Company or Amphenol ) posts the following documents on its website at www.amphenol.com under the heading Investors, then Governance, and then Governance Documents : Clawback Policy Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Corporate Governance Principles Global Human Rights Policy Insider Trading Compliance Policy Political Activity Statement Stock Ownership Guidelines Directors Stock Ownership Guidelines Executives The Company posts the following Board committee charters on its website at www.amphenol.com under the heading Investors, then Governance, then Board of Directors and then Committee Charters : Audit Committee Charter Compensation Committee Charter Executive Committee Charter Finance Committee Charter Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Charter A printed copy of any of these documents will be provided to any stockholder of the Company free of charge upon written request to the Company, c/o Secretary, Amphenol Corporation, 358 Hall Avenue, Wallingford, Connecticut 06492. Executive Compensation At the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Company s stockholders cast a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Company s named executive officers as disclosed in the proxy statement for that meeting. The Company s stockholders overwhelmingly approved the proposal with more than 91% of the shares voted being cast in favor of the proposal. These programs and policies remain unchanged, as described in detail beginning on page 31 . The Company s core management compensation program includes base salary, an annual incentive plan payment opportunity, an annual stock option award (with 20% vesting each year over a five-year period), insurance benefits and retirement benefits. The compensation program for the named executive officers emphasizes at-risk, performance-based elements. Fixed compensation elements, including base salary, retirement benefits and other compensation are designed to be market competitive for purposes of retention, and to a lesser extent, recruitment. However, it is intended that a larger part of the named executive officers compensation be designed to reward performance that generates long-term shareholder value. For the Company s Chief Executive Officer, fixed compensation elements including salary and all other compensation (which includes retirement benefits) comprised approximately 9% of his total 2025 compensation. His at-risk compensation linked to increasing shareholder value comprised approximately 91% of his total 2025 compensation. These at-risk elements include stock options granted with an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of grant which only generate value if the Company s share price increases after the grant date. The other at-risk compensation is annual incentive plan compensation which historically has not paid out if year-over-year Adjusted Diluted EPS declines and rewards the Chief Executive Officer for growth in Company revenues and Adjusted Diluted EPS. For the Company s other named executive officers as a group, fixed compensation elements comprised approximately 15% of total 2025 compensation while at-risk compensation comprised approximately 85% of total 2025 compensation. As with the Chief Executive Officer, the fixed compensation elements for the other named executive officers include salary and all other compensation, while the at-risk items include stock options and annual incentive plan compensation linked to goals that encourage growth in revenues and either Adjusted Diluted EPS or operating income, depending on the role of the named executive officer. The Board believes this compensation program is a valuable and appropriate tool which contributes to the Company s continuing success. v TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Performance Highlights (1) Amphenol delivered record performance in 2025, while continuing to deploy its financial strength in a variety of ways to increase shareholder value. We achieved: Sales of $23.1 billion, up 52% in U.S. dollars and 38% organically compared to the full year 2024 GAAP Diluted EPS of $3.34, up 74% compared to prior year Adjusted Diluted EPS of $3.34, up 77% compared to prior year GAAP and Adjusted Operating Margin of 25.4% and 26.2%, respectively Operating and Free Cash Flow of $5.4 billion and $4.4 billion, respectively Completed five acquisitions Signed agreement to acquire CommScope s CCS business, and closed on the acquisition in January 2026 Returned nearly $1.5 billion to shareholders Over the past ten years, Amphenol has grown Net sales by 315%, Adjusted Diluted EPS by 457% and Operating Cash Flow by 422%, a significant long-term achievement that reflects the Company s ongoing track record of creating long-term value for our shareholders. In addition, Amphenol has delivered compound annual sales growth of 15% and compound Adjusted Diluted EPS growth of 19% over the past ten years. This performance has created sustained shareholder value as reflected in Amphenol s shares delivering an approximately 27% compound annual return for the ten years ended December 31, 2025, significantly exceeding the 13% return of the S P 500 during that same time period. In addition, and exclusive of reinvested dividends, the Company s closing stock price grew from $69.45 on December 31, 2024 to $135.14 on December 31, 2025, a 94.6% increase, compared to an increase of 16.4% for the S P 500 over the comparable period. (1) Refer to footnote 2 and accompanying text on page 36 for definitions of certain non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. vi TABLE OF CONTENTS As the revolution in electronics continues to accelerate, new innovations creating exciting growth opportunities for Amphenol across each of our diversified end markets have emerged, and Amphenol has continued to expand our range of high-technology interconnect products, both through our organic innovation efforts as well as through our successful acquisition program. Amphenol s unique culture of entrepreneurship, along with our expanded technology position, has strengthened our competitive advantage. Our team leveraged that competitive advantage throughout 2025 and created sustained financial strength, which established an excellent base for Amphenol s future performance. We believe in the ability of our outstanding entrepreneurial management team to dynamically adjust to changing market conditions, capitalize on the wide array of growth opportunities that arise in all market cycles and generate sustainable long-term value for our shareholders and other stakeholders. Stock Performance Graph The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return of Amphenol over a period of five years ending December 31, 2025 with the performance of the Standard Poor s 500 ( S P 500 ) Stock Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Electrical Components Equipment Index. This graph assumes that $100 was invested in our Common Stock and each index on December 31, 2020, reflects reinvested dividends, and is weighted on a market capitalization basis as of the beginning of each year. Each reported data point below represents the last trading day of each calendar year. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance. vii TABLE OF CONTENTS Investor Outreach Amphenol regularly engages with key stockholders to discuss, among other items, governance issues to ensure that management and the Board understand and address issues that are important to the Company s stockholders. Through these engagements, the Company has obtained valuable feedback. Sustainability Report At Amphenol, we are committed to creating innovative products that enable our customers to improve the lives of people around the world, supporting the well-being of our employees and communities and sustaining the health of our planet. We believe that making sustainable business choices, building strong relationships with our stakeholders and engaging in good corporate governance create long-term value for our Company. We have always believed that it is not just good stewardship, but good business, to focus on the long-term sustainability of Amphenol, whether through reducing our and our partners environmental footprint, following humane labor practices, supporting the development of our global team, ensuring the strength and integrity of our supply chain or giving back to our communities. To that end, we publish a sustainability report on an annual basis (the Sustainability Report ) to highlight our progress and success in sustainability matters most significant to our business. Our most recent Sustainability Report is available on our website at https://amphenol.com/sustainability. For the avoidance of doubt, neither our Sustainability Report nor other materials available on our website are incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. 2027 Annual Meeting Deadline for stockholder proposals to be included in the proxy statement for the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders in accordance with Rule 14a-8 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. December 9, 2026 viii TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT The Company is furnishing proxy materials to the holders of Class A Common Stock, par value $.001 per share ( Common Stock ), of Amphenol Corporation (the Company or Amphenol ) in connection with the solicitation of proxies for use at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in the Conference Center at the Company s Corporate Headquarters at 358 Hall Avenue, Wallingford, Connecticut 06492 (telephone (203) 265-8900) at 11:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on Thursday, May 21, 2026 (the Annual Meeting ). RECORD DATE The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ) has fixed the close of business on March 23, 2026 as the Record Date for the Annual Meeting (the Record Date ). Only stockholders of record at the Record Date are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and any postponements or adjournments thereof. At the Record Date, there were 1,229,430,709 shares of Common Stock outstanding. INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS We are making this proxy statement and our Annual Report to stockholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Report ) available to our stockholders on the Internet. On or about April 8, 2026, stockholders as of the Record Date are first being mailed a stockholder meeting notice (the Notice ) containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials, including this proxy statement and our 2025 Annual Report. The Notice also provides instructions on how to vote over the Internet. If you received a Notice by mail, you will not receive a printed copy of the proxy materials in the mail unless you specifically request these materials. Other stockholders, in accordance with their prior requests, have been mailed paper copies of our proxy materials and a proxy card and/or a voter instruction form from their bank, broker or other nominee. Internet distribution of proxy materials is designed to expedite receipt by stockholders, lower the cost of the Annual Meeting, and reduce the environmental impact of the Annual Meeting. However, if you received a Notice by mail and would like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions for requesting such materials contained in the Notice. PROXIES AND VOTING The proxy accompanying this proxy statement is solicited on behalf of the Board for use at the Annual Meeting and any postponements or adjournments thereof. Each holder of Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held at the Record Date. The holders of record, present in person or by proxy, of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock shall constitute a quorum. If a stockholder votes in person, by telephone, over the Internet or by returning a properly executed proxy card, the stockholder will be considered a part of that quorum. Abstentions and broker non-votes (i.e., when a broker does not have authority to vote on a specific proposal) are counted as present for quorum purposes. Shares will be voted in accordance with stockholder instructions. If a stockholder received printed versions of the proxy materials by mail, these printed proxy materials also include the proxy card for the Annual Meeting, and the stockholder may complete, date, sign and return the proxy card in accordance with the voting instructions on the proxy card, whether or not the stockholder plans to attend the Annual Meeting. If a stockholder received a Notice, the Notice will contain instructions regarding how to vote by Internet or by telephone and how to request printed versions of the proxy materials by mail. In order for a vote to be counted, the stockholder must (i) return a completed and signed proxy card so that it is received by mail by the Company s transfer agent before the date of the Annual Meeting, (ii) vote by Internet or by telephone prior to the date of the Annual Meeting or (iii) vote at the Annual Meeting if the stockholder is attending. In the event that a stockholder returns a signed proxy card that omits voting instructions for some or all matters to be voted on or indicates when voting by telephone or over the Internet that the stockholder wishes to vote as recommended by the Board, the proxy holders will vote in accordance with the recommendations of the Board on each of the matters presented in this proxy statement for which specific voting instructions were not provided. In addition, the proxy holders will have, and intend to exercise, discretion to vote shares in 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS accordance with their best judgment on any matters not identified in this proxy statement on which a vote is taken at the Annual Meeting. At present, the Company is not aware of any such matter. Stockholders that hold their shares in street name through an account with a broker, bank or other nominee must follow the directions provided by such broker, bank or other nominee regarding how to provide voting instructions. For stockholders that hold their shares in street name through an account with a broker, bank or other nominee, and do not give voting instructions on a matter, under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the broker, bank or other nominee, is permitted to vote in its discretion only on Proposal 2 (ratification of selection of the independent public accountants) and is required to withhold its vote on each of the other proposals, the withholding of which is referred to as a broker non-vote. The following table illustrates votes required, and the impact of abstentions and broker non-votes. Proposal Required Vote Impact of Abstentions Impact of Broker Non-Votes 1. Election of eight directors Votes For a nominee must exceed votes Against that nominee No impact on outcome Not counted as votes cast; no impact on outcome 2. Ratification of the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as independent public accountants Approval by a majority of the votes cast No impact on outcome Not expected; not counted as votes cast; no impact on outcome 3. Advisory vote to approve compensation of named executive officers Approval by a majority of the votes cast No impact on outcome Not counted as votes cast; no impact on outcome A proxy may be revoked. For shares that are held through an account with a broker, bank or other nominee, the stockholder must follow the directions provided by its bank, broker or other nominee for revoking or modifying voting instructions. For shares that are registered in the stockholder s own name, the proxy may be revoked (a) at any time before the Annual Meeting by (i) providing written notification to the Company Secretary prior to its exercise and providing relevant name and account information, (ii) if a stockholder has received printed proxy materials, submitting a new proxy card by mail with a later date (which will override the earlier proxy) or (iii) re-voting by telephone or over the Internet (only the latest telephone or Internet vote will be counted); or (b) by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person at the Annual Meeting, which will automatically cancel any proxy previously given (but attendance alone will not revoke any proxy that you have previously given). The inspectors of election appointed for the Annual Meeting with the assistance of the Company s transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., will determine if a quorum is present and tabulate the votes. The Company pays the cost of preparing, printing, assembling and mailing the proxy materials. The Company has engaged the firm of Georgeson LLC to assist in the distribution of printed copies of this Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement and will pay Georgeson LLC its out of pocket expenses for such services. The Company will reimburse brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for forwarding proxy and solicitation materials to stockholders. Georgeson LLC has also been retained to assist in soliciting proxies for a fee not expected to exceed $12,000, plus distribution costs and other costs and expenses. Proxies may also be solicited from some stockholders personally, by mail, e-mail, telephone or other means of communication by the Company s directors, officers and other employees who are not specifically employed for proxy solicitation purposes and who will not receive any additional compensation. Please contact Georgeson LLC, the Company s proxy solicitor, toll free at (866) 539-6674 with any questions or for requests for assistance in voting shares. 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Company intends to file a proxy statement and WHITE proxy card with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) in connection with its solicitation of proxies for our 2027 Annual Meeting. Stockholders may obtain our proxy statement (and any amendments and supplements thereto) and other documents as and when filed by the Company with the SEC without charge from the SEC s website at: www.sec.gov. 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS Listed in the following table are those stockholders known to Amphenol to be the beneficial owners of more than five percent of the Company s outstanding Common Stock as of March 23, 2026. The information provided below reflects the information reported on the most recently filed Schedule 13G for each of the listed stockholders. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 125,227,087 (1)(2) 10.2 % BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 97,700,524 (3) 8.0 % FMR LLC. 245 Summer Street Boston, MA 02210 86,361,390 (4) 7.0 % (1) Based on the Schedule 13G/A filed by such beneficial owner on October 30, 2025, which indicates that it has (i) sole voting power over 0 shares, (ii) shared voting power over 7,332,606 shares, (iii) sole dispositive power over 113,675,172 shares and (iv) shared dispositive power over 11,551,915 shares. (2) On March 26, 2026, The Vanguard Group filed an amendment to its Schedule 13G disclosing that, as a result of an internal realignment, it is no longer deemed to beneficially own any shares of Common Stock. The Vanguard Group has indicated that going forward, Common Stock previously reported as beneficially owned by The Vanguard Group will be reported as beneficially owned on a disaggregated basis by Vanguard Capital Management and/or Vanguard Portfolio Management, each of which are U.S. investment advisors wholly owned by The Vanguard Group. (3) Based on the Schedule 13G/A filed by such beneficial owner on January 25, 2024, which indicates that it has (i) sole voting power over 89,513,826 shares, (ii) shared voting power over 0 shares, (iii) sole dispositive power over 97,700,524 shares and (iv) shared dispositive power over 0 shares. (4) Based on the Schedule 13G/A filed by FMR LLC ( FMR ) and Abigail P. Johnson on February 5, 2026, which indicates that FMR has (i) sole voting power over 77,882,504 shares, (ii) shared voting power over 0 shares, (iii) sole dispositive power over 86,361,390 shares and (iv) shared dispositive power over 0 shares; and that Abigail P. Johnson has (i) sole voting power over 0 shares, (ii) shared voting power over 0 shares, (iii) sole dispositive power over 86,361,390 shares and (iv) shared dispositive power over 0 shares. 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Set forth below is certain information with respect to beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock as of March 23, 2026 by each director, the named executive officers (listed in the Summary Compensation Table on page 43 ) and by all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group. Except as otherwise noted, the individuals listed in the table below have the sole power to vote or transfer the shares reflected in the table. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Amphenol Corporation, 358 Hall Avenue, Wallingford, CT 06492. Name of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Nancy A. Altobello 18,842 (1) * William Doherty 593,010 (2) * David P. Falck 94,794 (1) * Sanjiv Lamba 548 (1) * Craig A. Lampo 2,633,159 (3) * Rita S. Lane 24,846 (1) * Robert A. Livingston 138,080 (1) * Martin H. Loeffler 1,335,506 (1) * R. Adam Norwitt 8,219,557 (4) * Prahlad Singh 11,376 (1) * Peter J. Straub 506,929 (2) * Luc Walter 741,634 (2) * Anne Clarke Wolff 41,154 (1) * All executive officers and directors of the Company as a group (16 persons) 17,469,159 1.42 % * Less than one percent. (1) The share ownership amounts include 16,482, 92,434, 22,486, 135,720, 9,016 and 38,794 shares, which are owned directly by the following directors: Altobello, Falck, Lane, Livingston, Singh and Wolff, respectively, and 1,333,146 shares which are held in trusts over which Mr. Loeffler has sole voting power. This table also includes 2,360 shares of restricted stock owned by each of the following directors: Altobello, Falck, Lane, Livingston, Loeffler, Singh and Wolff, and 548 shares of restricted stock owned by Mr. Lamba, all of which vest within 60 days of March 23, 2026. (2) The share ownership amounts include 353,742 shares owned directly by Mr. Walter. The share ownership amounts also include 593,010, 506,929 and 387,892 shares, which are not owned by Messrs. Doherty, Straub and Walter, respectively, but which would be issuable upon the exercise of stock options which are exercisable or would be exercisable within 60 days of March 23, 2026. (3) The share ownership amounts for Mr. Lampo include 460,000 shares of Common Stock (of which 112,110 shares are owned directly by Mr. Lampo and 347,890 shares are held in trusts over which he has sole voting power) and 2,173,159 shares not owned by Mr. Lampo but which would be issuable upon the exercise of stock options which are exercisable or would be exercisable within 60 days of March 23, 2026. (4) The share ownership amounts for Mr. Norwitt include 2,795,652 shares of Common Stock (of which 1,931,475 shares are owned directly by Mr. Norwitt and 864,177 shares are held in trusts over which he has sole voting power) and 5,423,905 shares which are not owned by Mr. Norwitt but which would be issuable upon the exercise of stock options which are exercisable or would be exercisable within 60 days of March 23, 2026. 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1. ELECTION OF EIGHT DIRECTORS The Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended from time to time, and the By-Laws of the Company (the By-Laws ), taken together, provide for a Board consisting of not less than three or more than 15 directors. Our directors are elected annually. Currently, the number of directors of the Company is nine. Martin H. Loeffler is not standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, action will be taken at the Annual Meeting for the election of eight directors: Nancy A. Altobello, David P. Falck, Sanjiv Lamba, Rita S. Lane, Robert A. Livingston, R. Adam Norwitt, Prahlad Singh and Anne Clarke Wolff for a term of one year that will expire at the 2027 Annual Meeting. The Company thanks Mr. Loeffler for his many years of dedicated service. In accordance with our By-Laws, directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast in uncontested elections. That means the nominees will be elected if the number of votes cast for a director s election exceeds the number of votes cast against such nominee. Our form of proxy permits you to abstain from voting for or against a particular nominee. Abstentions will count as being present for purposes of determining a quorum and will not count as a vote cast and so will have no effect on the election of directors. Broker non-votes will not count as votes cast and will have no effect on the elections of directors. In the event that any nominee fails to receive the required vote for re-election, the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee of the Board must then consider whether to accept the director s resignation, previously tendered in accordance with the Company s Corporate Governance Principles, and make a recommendation to the Board. The Board will then consider the resignation, and within 90 days after the date of certification of the election results or any extension of such period, publicly disclose its decision and the reasons for its decision. It is intended that the proxies delivered pursuant to this solicitation will be voted in favor of the election of each director nominee, except in cases of proxies bearing contrary instructions. Each nominee has indicated that he or she will serve if elected, and the Board has no reason to believe that any of the nominees named above will become unavailable for election as a director, but in the event that any of these nominees should become unavailable for election for any presently unforeseen reason, the persons named in the proxy will have the right to use their discretion to vote for a substitute. Information regarding each director nominee that led the Board to conclude that the director should serve on the Board is set forth in the biographical descriptions on the following pages and in the table on page 17 under the heading Board of Directors Summary Information . The Company s goal is to assemble a Board that works together and with management to deliver long-term shareholder value. The Company believes that the nominees and directors set forth below, each of whom is currently a director of the Company, possess the skills and experience necessary to guide the Company in the best interests of its stockholders. The Company s current Board consists of individuals with proven records of success in their chosen professions and with the Company. They all have high integrity and keen intellect. They are collegial yet independent in their thinking, and have demonstrated the willingness to make the time commitment necessary to be informed about the Company and its relevant industry, including its customers, suppliers, competitors, stockholders and management. The following information details the professional experience and other directorships of public companies during at least the past five years for each of the proposed director nominees. Beneficial ownership of equity securities of the current directors and the proposed director nominees is shown under the caption Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers on page 5 . 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR NOMINEES David P. Falck Lead Independent Director AGE: 73 AMPHENOL COMMITTEES OTHER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS Director Since 2013 Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) None Mr. Falck has more than 40 years of experience as a legal advisor to public and private companies. From 2009 to 2017, Mr. Falck was Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and its primary subsidiary, Arizona Public Service Company, where he had responsibility for the company s legal affairs and corporate secretary functions, while also serving on the executive risk and strategy committees. He continued as Executive Vice President, Law, from 2017 through April 2018. From 2007 to 2009, he was senior vice president, law for New Jersey-based Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. and served as a member of its executive group. From 1987 to 2007, Mr. Falck was an attorney, a partner and served on the managing board of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP. Mr. Falck provided strategic advice for a range of clients in the manufacturing, energy and telecommunications industries in the U.S. and abroad, including the Company. He has advised public company boards on a broad range of corporate governance matters. In his practice, he also advised on mergers and acquisitions both domestically and internationally. Mr. Falck also serves on the non-profit boards of Exeter Health Resources, Inc. and Exeter Hospital. He earned his BA magna cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa from Colgate University and his JD summa cum laude, Order of the Coif from Washington Lee University School of Law. PARTICULAR IMPACT Mr. Falck brings to the Board decades of legal and financial acumen, in particular with respect to corporate governance, mergers and acquisitions, financing, compliance and legal matters. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Audit and Finance Business Development and Strategy Capital Markets Corporate Governance/Compliance Environmental International Mergers Acquisitions Risk Oversight Talent Development 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Nancy A. Altobello AGE: 68 AMPHENOL COMMITTEES OTHER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS Director Since 2021 Audit Committee (Chair) Compensation Committee Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Executive Committee Current: MarketAxess Holdings Inc. Wex Inc. In the past: Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. MTS Systems Corporation Ms. Altobello was Global Vice Chair, Talent of Ernst Young ( EY ), where she was responsible for the firm s global talent and people strategy from July 2014 to June 2018. Prior to that, Ms. Altobello held a number of senior positions at EY, including Americas Vice Chair, Talent; Managing Partner, Northeast Region Audit and Advisory Practices; and Managing Partner, North American Audit Practice. During her time at EY, she also served as the audit partner for a number of leading global, publicly traded corporations. Ms. Altobello is also a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. At MarketAxess Holdings Inc., Ms. Altobello is the chair of the Compensation and Talent Committee and a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. At Wex Inc. she is the chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee and a member of the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee. Ms. Altobello was on the board at MTS Systems Corporation at the time it was acquired by the Company. Ms. Altobello also serves on the board of Fidelity Charitable, a not for profit organization. Ms. Altobello earned her BS in accounting, with honors, from Fairfield University. She has attended numerous executive leadership programs including at Harvard Business School and Northwestern University. She has earned a certificate in Board Excellence from Harvard Business School and a certificate in Climate Change from Diligent. PARTICULAR IMPACT Ms. Altobello s strength in attracting, training and retaining top talent, combined with her experience as an audit partner to large global publicly traded corporations, provides important perspective and depth to the Board. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Audit and Finance Business Development and Strategy Capital Markets Corporate Governance/Compliance Environmental International Mergers Acquisitions Risk Oversight Talent Development 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS Sanjiv Lamba AGE: 61 AMPHENOL COMMITTEES OTHER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS Director Since 2026 None Current: Linde PLC In the past: None Mr. Lamba has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer at Linde PLC ( Linde ), a leading global industrial gas and engineering company, since 2022. He has been serving as Chairman of the Board of Linde since January 2026. Prior to serving as Chief Executive Officer at Linde, Mr. Lamba served as the Chief Operating Officer of Linde, where he was responsible for the regional operating segments of the Americas, APAC and EMEA, as well as Linde Engineering, Lincare and certain global functions and businesses. Prior to being named Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Lamba held a number of senior positions at Linde, having spent almost his entire career at Linde and its various businesses. Mr. Lamba earned a Bachelor of Commerce degree with Honors from the University of Calcutta s St Xavier s College, and he is qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 1989 from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. PARTICULAR IMPACT Mr. Lamba s strength lies in his ongoing success as a strong business leader of a global multinational public company with deep understanding of the Asia region. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Audit and Finance Business Development and Strategy Capital Markets Corporate Governance/Compliance International Mergers Acquisitions Risk Oversight Supply Chain Talent Development Technology 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Rita S. Lane AGE: 63 AMPHENOL COMMITTEES OTHER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS Director Since 2020 Executive Committee (Chair) Finance Committee Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Current: L3Harris Technologies, Inc. Signify N.V. In the past: Sanmina Corporation Ms. Lane retired from Apple Inc. in 2014 where she had served as Vice President of Operations and oversaw the launch of the iPad and manufacturing of the Mac Desktop Accessories product lines. From 2006 until 2008, Ms. Lane was Senior Vice President Integrated Supply Chain / Chief Procurement Officer at Motorola, Inc. Prior to working at Motorola, Ms. Lane held various senior-level operations roles at IBM for more than 10 years. Ms. Lane also served for five years as a Captain in the United States Air Force. She is a director of L3Harris Technologies, Inc. and Signify N.V. At L3Harris, Ms. Lane is a member of the Ad Hoc Business Review and Nominating and Governance Committees, and at Signify, she is a member of the Nominating Governance Committee and the Digital Committee. In addition to her public directorships, she currently serves as a member of the Policy and Global Affairs Committee at the National Academy of Sciences. She has previously served on the Purdue University Electrical Computer Engineering Advisory Board. Ms. Lane earned a BS degree in electrical engineering from the United States Air Force Academy, an MS in electrical engineering from Purdue University and an MBA from UC Berkeley. Purdue University has recognized her as a distinguished electrical engineering alumna (2011) and as a distinguished engineering alumna (2014). PARTICULAR IMPACT Ms. Lane s deep technology background, together with her years of experience with leading international global hardware operations, including supply chains, provides the Board with unique and valuable insights. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Business Development and Strategy Corporate Governance/Compliance Environmental International Manufacturing Risk Oversight Supply Chain Talent Development Technology 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Robert A. Livingston AGE: 72 AMPHENOL COMMITTEES OTHER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS Director Since 2018 Audit Committee Compensation Committee (Chair) Executive Committee RPM International Inc. Mr. Livingston served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation from 2008 through 2018 and also served as its Chief Operating Officer in 2008. From 2007 to 2008, Mr. Livingston served as the president and chief executive officer of Dover Engineered Systems, Inc., and served as the president and chief executive officer of Dover Electronics, Inc. from 2004 to 2007. He also served as the president of Vectron International Inc. from 2001 to 2004. Mr. Livingston also currently serves as Lead Director, chair of the Compensation Committee and member of the Executive Committee of RPM International Inc. In addition to his public board service, Mr. Livingston served on the board of a private company, Spectrum Control until January 2024, and he currently serves on the board of trustees of the non-profit Griffin Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago. From 2014 to 2021 he served on the board of the Chicago Council of Global Affairs. Mr. Livingston earned his BS degree in Business Administration from Salisbury University. PARTICULAR IMPACT Mr. Livingston brings to the Board a successful track record leading a large, publicly-traded U.S. multi- national industrial company, together with his extensive experience in manufacturing, mergers and acquisitions and finance. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Audit and Finance Business Development and Strategy Capital Markets Corporate Governance/Compliance International Manufacturing Mergers Acquisitions Risk Oversight Supply Chain Talent Development Technology 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS R. Adam Norwitt AGE: 56 AMPHENOL COMMITTEES OTHER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS Director Since 2009 None None Mr. Norwitt has been an employee of the Company or its subsidiaries for approximately 27 years. He has been President since 2007 and Chief Executive Officer since 2009. Mr. Norwitt was chief operating officer of the Company from 2007 through 2008. He was senior vice president and group general manager, worldwide RF and microwave products business of the Company during 2006 and vice president and group general manager, worldwide RF and microwave products group of the Company from 2004 until 2006. Prior thereto, Mr. Norwitt served as group general manager, general manager and business development manager with various operating groups in the Company, including approximately five years as a resident in Asia. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Norwitt was a corporate lawyer at Gibson, Dunn Crutcher LLP. Mr. Norwitt does not serve on the board of any other public company. Mr. Norwitt graduated with a BS degree in International Politics from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service. He earned a JD from the University of Michigan Law School and an MBA from INSEAD. He has studied in the United States, Taiwan, China and France, and is fluent in French and Chinese. PARTICULAR IMPACT Mr. Norwitt has been our chief executive officer for more than 17 years, with a broad array of prior experience within our Company. He brings to the Board vision, market and technology knowledge, merger and acquisition experience, international exposure and knowledge of the day-to-day businesses, operating model and culture of the Company. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Audit and Finance Business Development and Strategy Capital Markets Corporate Governance/Compliance Environmental Institutional Knowledge International Manufacturing Mergers Acquisitions Risk Oversight Supply Chain Talent Development Technology 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS Prahlad Singh, PhD AGE: 61 AMPHENOL COMMITTEES OTHER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS Director Since 2023 Compensation Committee Finance Committee Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Revvity, Inc. Mr. Singh is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Revvity, Inc. (which was previously affiliated with PerkinElmer, Inc.). He was promoted to President and Chief Executive Officer effective December 30, 2019 and was appointed to its Board of Directors in August 2019. Prior to his current role, he held various senior executive operating positions within PerkinElmer. Prior to joining PerkinElmer in 2014, Mr. Singh was a General Manager at GE Healthcare, and before that, Mr. Singh held senior executive level roles in strategy, business development and mergers acquisitions at both GE Healthcare and Philips Healthcare. Earlier in his career, he held leadership roles of increasing responsibility at DuPont Pharmaceuticals and subsequently at Bristol-Myers Squibb Medical Imaging, which included managing the Asia Pacific and Middle East regions. In addition to his public board service, Mr. Singh also serves on the Board of the Analytical, Life Science Diagnostics Association. Mr. Singh holds a BS degree from Wilson College, Mumbai, India, a PhD in chemistry from the University of Missouri-Columbia and an MBA from Northeastern University. His research work has resulted in several issued patents and publications in peer reviewed journals. PARTICULAR IMPACT Mr. Singh brings to the Board strong business, operational and merger and acquisition experience with global technology companies including as chief executive officer of a publicly traded company. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Business Development and Strategy Capital Markets International Manufacturing Mergers Acquisitions Risk Oversight Supply Chain Talent Development Technology 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Anne Clarke Wolff AGE: 60 AMPHENOL COMMITTEES OTHER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS Director Since 2018 Audit Committee Finance Committee (Chair) Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Scholastic Corporation Ms. Wolff is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Independence Point Advisors, an independent investment bank and advisory services firm formed in 2021. Previously, Ms. Wolff was a Managing Director at Bank of America from 2011 until 2020, during which time she served as Chairman, Global Corporate and Investment Banking and Head of Global Corporate Banking and Leasing. Prior to that, from 2009 to 2011, Ms. Wolff held senior positions at JP Morgan Chase Company and from 1998 to 2009 at Citigroup. Ms. Wolff began her career at Salomon Brothers, where she held positions of increasing responsibility from 1989 to 1998. She is also a director and member of the Audit Committee of Scholastic Corporation. Ms. Wolff earned a BA degree from Colby College, where she was also previously Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees. She has an MBA from Northwestern University Kellogg School of Management. PARTICULAR IMPACT Ms. Wolff brings to the Board deep experience in banking and corporate finance, including mergers and acquisitions, investor relations, treasury and capital allocation strategy. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Audit and Finance Business Development and Strategy Capital Markets Environmental International Mergers Acquisitions Risk Oversight Talent Development THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH OF THE NOMINEES FOR ELECTION TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD Governance Principles Amphenol s Corporate Governance Principles meet or exceed the Listing Standards of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE Listing Standards ), including guidelines for determining director independence and reporting concerns to non-employee directors and the Audit Committee. The Company s Corporate Governance Principles, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of each of the Board s committees are reviewed at least annually and revised as warranted. Amphenol s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all employees, directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company posts the following documents on its website at www.amphenol.com under the heading Investors , then Governance, and then Governance Documents : Clawback Policy Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Corporate Governance Principles Global Human Rights Policy Insider Trading Compliance Policy Political Activity Statement Stock Ownership Guidelines Directors Stock Ownership Guidelines Executives The Company posts the following charters for its Board committees on its website at www.amphenol.com under the heading Investors, then Governance, then Board of Directors and then Committee Charters : Audit Committee Charter Compensation Committee Charter Executive Committee Charter Finance Committee Charter Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Charter A printed copy of any of these documents will be provided to any stockholder of the Company free of charge upon written request to the Company, c/o Secretary, Amphenol Corporation, 358 Hall Avenue, Wallingford, Connecticut 06492. Director Independence The Board has adopted the definition of independent director set forth in the NYSE Listing Standards to assist it in making determinations of independence. In addition to applying these guidelines, the Board will consider all relevant facts and circumstances in making an independence determination. The Board has determined that all of the directors are independent of the Company and its management with the exception of Mr. Norwitt who is not considered an independent director because of his current employment with the Company. In addition, Mr. Edward G. Jepsen was independent during his service on our Board in 2025. Leadership Structure Our Board believes it is important to retain flexibility to determine its optimal leadership structure in light of a variety of factors at any given time, including the particular composition of the Board as well as the specific needs and opportunities of the Company. With any leadership structure, it is critically important to have a strong relationship between the independent directors and management. Following Mr. Loeffler s announcement that he would not stand for re-election to the Board, the Board determined that implementing a combined Chairman/Chief Executive Officer and Lead Independent Director structure is the appropriate leadership structure at this time to balance between the most effective operation of the Board and independent oversight of management. This leadership transition is the result of robust succession planning and thoughtful deliberation by the full Board. 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board s decision to combine the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer under Mr. Norwitt reflects the Board s strong belief that he has demonstrated the leadership and strategic vision necessary to lead the Board and the Company. The Board believes that Mr. Norwitt s extensive tenure and success with the Company, together with his deep familiarity with the culture of Amphenol and knowledge of the day-to-day business, best positions him to help the Board focus on the issues of greatest importance to the Company and assist the Board in identifying the short-term and long-term risks and challenges facing the Company. The Board also recognizes that with a combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer structure, it is imperative to have a strong Lead Independent Director with a clearly defined set of responsibilities to provide independent leadership and oversight and to help ensure sound Board decision-making. David P. Falck, who has served as a director since 2013 and as Presiding Director since 2016, has been appointed to serve as Lead Independent Director. Mr. Falck s extensive experience advising public companies and broad knowledge of our business make him well situated to guide the Board in its oversight of the Company and to foster open dialogue among the independent directors and management. In his role as Lead Independent Director, Mr. Falck will be responsible for developing agendas for executive sessions of independent directors and calling and presiding over the same. Mr. Falck will also serve as a liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors, review meeting agendas and meeting schedules, review stockholder communications directed to the Board and take appropriate action and consult with the Chairman on such other matters as are pertinent to the Board and the Company. 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board of Directors Summary Information The following table sets forth basic information about the experience, skills and backgrounds that our Board considered important in its decision to re-nominate those individuals to our Board. Except for those directors identified as an audit committee financial expert (as defined by the applicable rules of the SEC and the NYSE Listing Standards) elsewhere in this proxy statement, the fact that a nominee has an marked next to his or her name for a particular skill does not necessarily mean that the nominee is an expert in that area, but rather, the mark signifies that the nominee brings meaningful skills and experience to the Board in that particular subject. Each director nominee is individually qualified to make unique, substantial and important contributions. Collectively, our directors diverse viewpoints and independent-mindedness enhance the quality and effectiveness of Board deliberations and decision making. Nancy A. Altobello David P. Falck Sanjiv Lamba Rita S. Lane Robert A. Livingston R. Adam Norwitt Prahlad Singh Anne Clarke Wolff Independent Skills and Experience - Audit and Finance - Business Development and Strategy - Capital Markets - Corporate Governance/ Compliance - Environmental - Institutional Knowledge - International - Manufacturing - Mergers Acquisitions - Risk Oversight - Supply Chain - Talent Development - Technology Tenure Since 2021 Since 2013 Since 2026 Since 2020 Since 2018 Since 2009 Since 2023 Since 2018 Age 68 73 61 63 72 56 61 60 Gender F M M F M M M F Race/ethnicity(1) - White/Caucasian - Asian Other Public Company Boards MarketAxess Holdings Inc. Wex Inc. Linde PLC L3Harris Technologies, Inc.; Signify N.V. RPM International Inc. Revvity, Inc. Scholastic Corporation (1) Five of our directors were born in the United States and three of our directors were born outside of the United States. Director Selection Process The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee will consider candidates for Board membership suggested by its members and other Board members, as well as by management and stockholders. A stockholder may recommend any person for consideration as a nominee for director by writing to the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, c/o Secretary, Amphenol Corporation, 358 Hall Avenue, Wallingford, CT 06492. Recommendations must be received by December 31, 2026 to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and must comply with the requirements in the Company s By-Laws. Recommendations must include the name and address of the 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS stockholder making the recommendation, a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of Common Stock, biographical information about the individual recommended and any other information the stockholder believes would be helpful to the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee in its evaluation of the individual being recommended by the stockholder as a nominee for director. Potential candidates for the Board will be evaluated by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee on the basis of: character, judgment, personal and professional ethics, integrity and values; business, financial and/or other applicable experience; familiarity with national and international issues affecting the Company s business; depth of experience, skills and knowledge complementary to the Board and the Company s business; and ability and willingness to devote sufficient time to effectively carry out the duties and responsibilities of a director of the Company. The Board believes it functions most effectively when comprised of a diverse set of members, including a healthy mix of short-, mid- and long-serving members. To that end, the Board is committed to a policy of regular refreshment and has regularly engaged a reputable international search firm to identify appropriate candidates. Since 2018, we have added six new independent members to our Board, Anne Clarke Wolff, Robert Livingston, Rita Lane, Nancy Altobello, Prahlad Singh and Sanjiv Lamba. Our Board also believes that diversity includes diversity with respect to background, culture, skills, age, experience and expertise. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee may also consider such other relevant factors as it deems appropriate. It will make a recommendation to the full Board as to any persons it believes should be nominated by the Board, and the Board will determine the nominees after considering the recommendation and report of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. The process for considering candidates recommended by a stockholder for Board membership will be no different than the process for candidates recommended by members of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, other members of the Board or management. In connection with the identification and appointment of Ms. Wolff, Mr. Livingston, Mr. Lamba, Ms. Lane and Mr. Singh, the Board engaged a reputable international search firm. In the case of Ms. Altobello, the Board did not engage a search firm, but instead became aware of her in connection with the Company s acquisition of MTS Systems Corporation, where she was already a board member. Committees The Board has five standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Executive Committee, the Finance Committee and the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. The Board has determined that all the members of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee are independent and satisfy the relevant SEC and New York Stock Exchange independence requirements for the members of such committees. The Board also has determined that all members of the Executive Committee and the Finance Committee are independent. 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS The following table sets forth information about current committee membership of the Board. Current Committee Memberships Name Audit Committee Compensation Committee Executive Committee Finance Committee Nominating/ Corporate Governance Committee David P. Falck (Lead Independent Director) Chair Nancy A. Altobello Chair* Sanjiv Lamba Rita S. Lane Chair Robert A. Livingston * Chair Martin H. Loeffler (Chairman)(1) R. Adam Norwitt Prahlad Singh Anne Clarke Wolff * Chair * Financial Expert (1) Martin H. Loeffler will not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting, but Mr. Loeffler will continue to serve as Chairman of the Board through the Annual Meeting. Mr. Norwitt has been appointed to serve as Chairman of the Board, effective as of the date of the Annual Meeting. Audit Committee. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board. As described more fully in its charter, the principal oversight duties of the Audit Committee include the following: (1) review reports on the evaluation of the Company s internal controls for financial reporting and systems of disclosure controls and procedures and the Company s annual audited and quarterly unaudited financial statements and related disclosures therein under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ; (2) review the Company s earnings press releases; (3) select, engage, evaluate and replace, if deemed necessary, the independent auditors and approve all audit engagement fees and terms and pre-approve all permissible tax and other non-audit services; (4) review the qualifications, performance and independence of the Company s independent auditors, including review of the experience and qualifications of the lead audit partner; (5) review and approve the scope of the annual audit of the Company s financial statements; (6) review the scope and coverage of the Company s internal audit plan; (7) review the results of internal audits and the procedures for maintaining internal controls; (8) review the integrity and quality of the Company s financial reporting processes and the selection and quality of the Company s accounting principles; (9) review critical accounting principles and practices and applicable legal and regulatory standards and principles and their effect on the financial statements of the Company; (10) review and advise on the selection and removal of the internal audit director and review of the internal audit function to ensure it is effective; (11) review significant audit issues identified by the Company s internal audit function or the Company s independent auditors and the Company s responses thereto; (12) review accounting adjustments noted or proposed by the Company s independent auditors, reports on the Company s internal controls, and material written communications with the independent auditors; (13) review and discuss the Company s guidelines and policies for risk assessment and management; (14) assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibility for the oversight of fraud risk, as well as the Company s processes for prevention, detection, investigation and remediation of fraud; (15) discuss the independent auditors matters required to be discussed under the standards of the PCAOB; (16) assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity related matters, including as they relate to financial reporting, disclosure controls and incident response readiness; (17) establish Company hiring policies for employees of the Company s independent auditors; (18) establish procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of employee concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; (19) review and approve all related-party transactions; (20) review with the Company s counsel, legal compliance and regulatory matters that could have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements; (21) sustain a constructive dialogue with the independent auditors about significant matters relevant to the audit of the financial statements of the Company and of internal control over financial reporting, including communications regarding critical audit matters expected to be described 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS in the auditor s report; (22) assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility for the environmental component of sustainability, which shall include periodic review of the Company s climate-change related strategies, policies, disclosures, goals, performance and measurement, including with respect to greenhouse gas emissions, energy and water usage and any other relevant subjects as determined by the Company; and (23) monitor the effectiveness of Company systems necessary to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, regulatory requirements, industry standards and Company policies, programs and practices relevant to climate-change related matters as well as disclosure controls and procedures related to climate and other environmental, social and governance information included in SEC filings or subject to external assurance. See also Report of the Audit Committee on page 26 . The Audit Committee conducts an annual self-evaluation, the results of which it reports to the Board. The members of the Audit Committee are Nancy A. Altobello (Chair), David P. Falck, Robert A. Livingston and Anne Clarke Wolff, each of whom is an independent director as defined under the NYSE Listing Standards. The Board has determined that Mses. Altobello and Wolff and Mr. Livingston are audit committee financial experts as defined by the applicable rules of the SEC and the NYSE Listing Standards, and that each of the members of the Audit Committee is sufficiently proficient in reading and understanding the Company s financial statements to serve on the Audit Committee. Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee establishes the principles related to the compensation programs of the Company. It approves compensation guidelines, approves the base compensation, incentive plan target and payout, if any, and the grant of stock option awards, if any, for the Chief Executive Officer and reviews and approves the recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer for base compensation, incentive plan targets and payouts, if any, and stock option awards, if any, for the direct reports to the Chief Executive Officer, the Company s Division Controllers and Group General Managers as well as any other employees comprising the Company s 20 most highly compensated employees. See also the Compensation Discussion and Analysis on page 31 and the Compensation Committee Report on page 42 . The Compensation Committee is also responsible for assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility for the social component of sustainability, which includes reviewing the Company s human capital management programs and performance. The Compensation Committee also oversees the compensation of the Board. The Compensation Committee has the authority to retain and solicit the advice of compensation advisors. The Compensation Committee conducts an annual self-evaluation, the results of which it reports to the Board. The members of the Compensation Committee are Robert A. Livingston (Chair), Nancy A. Altobello, David P. Falck and Prahlad Singh. Executive Committee. The Executive Committee is empowered to exercise the powers and authority of the Board during the intervals between meetings of the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive Committee does not have power or authority to: (1) approve any transactions or expenditures in an amount exceeding $100 million; (2) amend the Company s Charter or By-Laws; (3) adopt an agreement or plan of merger, share exchange, or consolidation to which the Company is a party; (4) recommend to the stockholders any action that requires stockholder approval, including but not limited to, (a) the sale, lease, or exchange of all or substantially all of the Company s property or assets or (b) a dissolution of the Company or a revocation of a dissolution of the Company; (5) remove any director or executive officer from his or her position, or appoint any new director or executive officer, (6) declare a dividend or authorize the issuance of capital stock of the Company; or (7) take any other action or exercise any authority prohibited by law or the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws or explicitly reserved to another committee of the Board. The Executive Committee meets as necessary and all actions of the Committee are presented to the full Board at the next meeting of the Board. The Executive Committee conducts an annual self-evaluation, the results of which it reports to the Board. The members of the Executive Committee are Rita S. Lane (Chair), Nancy A. Altobello and Robert A. Livingston. Finance Committee. The Finance Committee provides assistance to the Board in overseeing the policies, practices, strategies and risks relating to certain financial affairs of the Company. Its responsibilities include: (1) reviewing and recommending for approval by the Board proposed changes to dividend policies, stock splits and programs for the repurchase of the Company s stock; (2) reviewing the Company s capital structure, liquidity and plans for financing the Company s capital requirements; (3) reviewing and recommending for approval by the Board the registration and issuance of the Company s equity securities (other than pursuant to director and employee incentive compensation plans); (4) reviewing and approving the registration and issuance of the Company s debt securities; (5) periodically reviewing the Company s global treasury activities (including cash management and the use of hedges and derivative instruments); (6) annually reviewing, and as 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS necessary approving, the Company s policy election to be exempt from mandatory clearing of over-the- counter derivatives pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; and (7) periodically reviewing the Company s insurance program, tax planning activities and US-based pension and 401(k) plans. The Finance Committee conducts an annual self-evaluation, the results of which it reports to the Board. The members of the Finance Committee are Anne Clarke Wolff (Chair), Rita S. Lane and Prahlad Singh. Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee s principal duties include the following: (1) assisting the Board in identifying appropriate individuals qualified to serve as directors of the Company and evaluating the qualifications of such individuals; (2) recommending to the Board for selection qualified candidates for all directorships to be filled by the Board or by the stockholders; and (3) assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility for the governance component of sustainability, which includes (a) developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company, (b) reviewing and recommending to the Board responses to shareholder proposals for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement and (c) reviewing and evaluating governance trends, rules and best practices to determine any impact on the Company and potential changes for consideration. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee also oversees and discusses the Company s political activity statement. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee conducts an annual self-evaluation, the results of which it reports to the Board. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee also oversees the annual evaluation of the Board. The members of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee are David P. Falck (Chair), Rita S. Lane, Prahlad Singh and Anne Clarke Wolff. Meetings of the Board and Committees During 2025, there were nine meetings of the Board. During 2025, the Audit Committee had six meetings, the Compensation Committee had four meetings, the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee had two meetings and the Finance Committee had two meetings. Except for two directors missing one special Board meeting, all directors participated in all meetings of the Board and the committees on which he or she served in 2025. Directors also attended meetings as invited guests of all committees on which they did not serve. This included quarterly telephonic meetings of the Audit Committee during which quarterly results were discussed and quarterly press releases reporting operating results were reviewed and approved. The independent directors of the Company meet in executive session as necessary, but at least quarterly as part of the Board s regular quarterly meetings. Such private meetings are currently presided over by the Lead Independent Director, the chair of the committee or the director who requests the opportunity to meet in executive session. The full Board conducts a self-evaluation at least annually to determine whether it and its committees are functioning effectively. The full Board meets at least annually with the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Executive Committee, the Finance Committee and the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee to review and discuss each committee s self-evaluation, including its performance as measured against its charter and the continuing effectiveness of its charter. In addition, the Board discusses with the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee the corporate governance principles that it is responsible for developing and recommending to the Board. Risk Oversight The Board is actively involved in overseeing risk management for the Company. This oversight is conducted both directly and through the committees of the Board. At each regularly scheduled quarterly meeting of the Board, the Board reviews various risks facing the Company at such time. 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Audit Committee reviews the Company s portfolio of risk with management and the Company s independent public accountants, discusses with management significant financial risks, the Company s policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management and the actions management has taken to limit, monitor and control financial and other risk exposures. The Audit Committee also reviews the Company s internal system of audit and financial controls and the process for maintaining financial reporting controls with management and the Company s independent public accountants. The Audit Committee also assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity and climate-change related matters, which are reviewed as appropriate with the Board. The Compensation Committee oversees risk management as it relates to compensation plans, policies and practices in connection with structuring the Company s executive compensation programs and incentive compensation programs for other employees. The Compensation Committee reviews with management whether the compensation programs, including the incentive plans and the stock option plans described in the section entitled Elements of Compensation Program beginning on page 32 , are reasonably likely to create incentives for employees that may cause such employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Compensation Committee and management have concluded that the Company s compensation programs are not reasonably likely to create incentives for employees that may cause such employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee oversees risk management as it relates to governance matters. The Finance Committee oversees risk management as it relates to certain financial affairs of the Company. Corporate policies encourage employees to report possible violations of Company policy, or any other illegal or unethical conduct by employees, officers or directors of Amphenol, to the employee s manager, the Amphenol Legal Department, the Audit Committee or the Company ethics hotline. The Audit Committee reviews the reporting, where appropriate. During each of the Company s monthly management operation reviews, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer provide feedback on risk management practices to the operating management teams. The operating management teams are required to consider risks and risk mitigation strategies as part of their annual budget processes and strategic planning processes and to include specific mitigation strategies. Cybersecurity Governance The Board maintains oversight responsibility relating to our cybersecurity risk management program (the Program ), with assistance from the Audit Committee. At least annually, the Company s management team (including the leaders of its Information Technology and Internal Audit teams) provides an update regarding the Program to the Board. This update provides an overall assessment of the effectiveness of the Program and a review of areas of focus for the upcoming year. The Board also receives periodic reports from the Vice President, Internal Audit, on the audit focus areas and control testing related to the Company s information security systems and security controls, and the management team updates the Board, where it deems appropriate, regarding any significant cybersecurity incidents. Human Capital Management and Our Culture The Board is actively involved in overseeing the Company s culture as well as employee-related strategies and practices. This oversight is conducted both directly and through certain of the Board s committees. At each of its regularly scheduled quarterly meetings, the Board reviews changes in key personnel and, at least once a year, meets with management to discuss various human resources related topics. We believe the Company s culture has been a critical component of the Company s success and reinforcing that culture is a key responsibility of both executive management and the Board. Our business spans the globe, and the employees in our facilities reflect the diversity of the communities in which we operate. At Amphenol, we promote and maintain a culture of respect and appreciation of differences in our employees. The Company generally relies on local management in every business unit to 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS foster a strong culture consistent with the Company s values and to be cognizant of local circumstances and requirements, which we believe creates a high degree of organizational stability and a deep commitment to our people and the local community. A key hallmark of our structure is our entrepreneurial culture that creates clear accountability for each of our general managers, who are our key business leaders. Our core management team is comprised of these general managers and their controllers, as well as our group general managers and executive management team. The safety and well-being of our employees is critical to the successful operation of our business. Our health and safety activities are overseen by our corporate environmental, health, safety and sustainability leadership team and are managed by our local teams, who coordinate on-site safety programs, resources, reporting and training in our facilities. We believe that this model of coaching and tracking at the corporate level, but administering at the facility level, has allowed us to provide training and supervision that better fits the local needs of each of our workforces. Amphenol strives to be a positive influence in the communities in which we operate around the world. Most of our community outreach is organized by our local management teams, which helps ensure that our efforts are tailor-made to support the specific needs of the local communities in which our employees live and work. Oversight of Sustainability Matters Our Board oversees the Company s sustainability strategies and initiatives. The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility for the environmental component of sustainability, which includes periodic review of the Company s climate-change related strategies, policies, disclosures, goals, performance and measurement, including with respect to greenhouse gas emissions, energy and water usage and any other relevant subjects as determined by the Company and monitoring the effectiveness of Company systems necessary to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, regulatory requirements, industry standards and Company policies, programs and practices relevant to climate-change related matters. The Compensation Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility for the social component of sustainability, which includes reviewing the Company s human capital management programs and performance. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee s responsibilities include assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility for the governance component of sustainability, which includes (a) developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance principles applicable to the Company, (b) reviewing and recommending to the Board responses to shareholder proposals for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement and (c) reviewing and evaluating governance trends, rules and best practices to determine any impact on the Company and potential changes for consideration. Amphenol s sustainability initiatives are governed by a structure of leadership, oversight and goals that encompass our entire Company. These initiatives are governed by a number of policies which outline our principles including in particular our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Environmental Policy, Global Human Rights Policy and our Health and Safety Policy. All of these documents are available on our website at https://www.amphenol.com/sustainability, except for our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which can be found at www.amphenol.com under the heading Investors, then Governance, and then Governance Documents. For more information about our Board s oversight of sustainability matters, please visit the sustainability section of our website at https://www.amphenol.com/ sustainability as well as our most recent Sustainability Report available there. 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation for the 2025 Fiscal Year The following table contains information relating to compensation of the Company s directors who are not named executive officers. Mr. Lamba did not receive any compensation in 2025 as he was not appointed to the Board until January 2026. The only director who is a named executive officer is Mr. Norwitt. His compensation is described in more detail in the Summary Compensation Table on page 43 and in the section entitled Compensation of Named Executive Officers beginning on page 36 . Currently, non-employee director compensation consists of an annual retainer fee, committee chair fees and an annual grant of restricted stock, and our Chairman and our Lead Independent Director each received an additional fee in connection with performing such roles. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)(1) Stock Awards ($)(2) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)(3) All Other Compensation ($)(4) Total ($) Nancy A. Altobello 145,000 205,037 n/a n/a n/a n/a 350,037 David P. Falck 180,000 205,037 n/a n/a n/a n/a 385,037 Edward G. Jepsen(5) 42,970 0 n/a n/a n/a n/a 42,970 Rita S. Lane 135,000 205,037 n/a n/a n/a n/a 340,037 Robert A. Livingston 135,000 205,037 n/a n/a n/a n/a 340,037 Martin H. Loeffler 325,000 205,037 n/a n/a n/a n/a 530,037 Prahlad Singh 115,000 205,037 n/a n/a n/a n/a 320,037 Anne Clarke Wolff 135,000 205,037 n/a n/a n/a n/a 340,037 (1) This column represents the amount of cash compensation earned for service on our Board and its committees. (2) The grant date fair value of the 2,360 shares of restricted stock granted to each director (other than Mr. Jepsen) on May 16, 2025 was $205,037 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Unless the date of the Annual Meeting is postponed, which is not currently expected, the restricted stock awards granted to each of the directors indicated in the table above will become fully vested on May 20, 2026. (3) The Company does not have a pension plan program applicable to its non-employee directors. Directors who are current or former employees participate in the Company s Pension Plan (described beginning on page 48 ) as employees. Messrs. Jepsen and Loeffler participated in the Pension Plan during their prior employment with the Company. Upon retirement, their pension benefits were fixed, and they are no longer accruing any additional benefits under the Pension Plan. (4) The Company does not have any other compensation programs for its non-employee directors, nor did it provide any other benefits which could be deemed to be compensation for their service. (5) Mr. Jepsen did not stand for re-election at the May 15, 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. His 2025 compensation reflects amounts paid to him through such date. The Compensation Committee reviews compensation for the non-employee directors at the beginning of each calendar year. In connection with its review, the Compensation Committee retains Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC ( Meridian ), an independent compensation consultant, to provide market data for director compensation at companies similar in size to Amphenol. For more information on Meridian, see the section entitled Role of Compensation Consultant in Compensation Decisions in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section. In January 2025, in connection with its regular and ongoing review of Board compensation, the Board adopted changes to the fee amounts earned by the directors as outlined in the table below effective January 1, 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025. These fees were last adjusted in 2022. In connection with such changes, Meridian confirmed that the increased fees were aligned with market practice. Annual Fees Earned by Non-Employee Directors 2022 to 2024 2025 Adjusted Amounts Annual Retainer Fee $ 100,000 $ 115,000 Fee for Chairman of the Board $ 180,000 $ 210,000 Fee for Lead Independent Director $ 35,000 $ 45,000 Fee for Audit Committee Chair $ 25,000 $ 30,000 Fee for Other Committee Chairs $ 15,000 $ 20,000 Value of Equity Grant $ 180,000 * $ 205,000 * * The 2024 Restricted Stock Plan for Directors of Amphenol Corporation (the Directors Restricted Stock Plan ), which was approved by stockholders in May 2024, provides for annual grants of restricted stock to the non-employee directors on the first business day after each annual meeting of stockholders and interim pro-rated grants for non-employee directors not initially elected at a regular meeting of the Company s stockholders. On the grant date, each non-employee director will be awarded shares of Common Stock subject to the restrictions and conditions in the Directors Restricted Stock Plan. In 2025, the number of shares granted was determined by dividing $205,000 by the closing price for the Common Stock on the grant date and rounding up to the next whole share amount. The closing price of the Common Stock on May 16, 2025 was $86.88 In February 2026, in connection with its regular and ongoing review of Board compensation and after consultation with Meridian, the Board increased the fee payable to the Lead Independent Director from $45,000 to $50,000. This change was made in anticipation of Mr. Loeffler s retirement from the Board and the concurrent appointment of Mr. Norwitt, a non-independent director, as Chairman of the Board effective on the date of the Annual Meeting. Upon his appointment, Mr. Norwitt will not be paid the separate Chairman fee for his role as Chairman of the Board. No other changes were made with respect to the fees payable to the Board in 2026. Going forward, the Compensation Committee will continue to monitor and make recommendations to the Company and to the Board regarding the annual retainer fee, committee chair fees, Chairman of the Board fee, if any, Lead Independent Director fee and equity compensation elements of the directors compensation program to ensure that total director compensation is fair and reasonable and competitive for the purpose of attracting and retaining qualified directors. Communications with the Board of Directors Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate directly with members of the Board of Directors c/o Secretary, Amphenol Corporation, 358 Hall Avenue, Wallingford, CT 06492. All communications will be promptly forwarded to the appropriate directors for their review, except that the Board has instructed the Secretary not to forward solicitations, bulk mail or communications that address improper or irrelevant topics or requests for general information. Board Member Attendance at Annual Meeting of Stockholders In each of the last ten years, more than 85% of outstanding shares of Common Stock have been voted by proxy and no more than five non-employee stockholders (representing only a nominal number of shares) have personally attended any of the Company s annual meetings of stockholders. Accordingly, the Company does not require members of the Board to attend the annual meetings of stockholders. The only then-current Board member who attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders was Mr. Norwitt. 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee has undertaken a review of its charter, practices and procedures in order to assure continuing compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related regulatory requirements promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock Exchange. Following that review, the Audit Committee confirmed its charter, practices and procedures. The Audit Committee Charter is available on the Company s website at www.amphenol.com by clicking on the heading Investors, then Governance, then Board of Directors, then Audit Committee Charter or by entering the URL https://www.amphenol.com/docs/audit-committee-charter into your web browser s address bar. In addition, a printed copy of the most current Audit Committee Charter will also be provided to any stockholder free of charge upon written request to Amphenol Corporation, Secretary, 358 Hall Avenue, Wallingford, Connecticut 06492. The Audit Committee reports as follows: 1. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 with Company management, which has primary responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal financial controls, preparing the Company s quarterly and annual financial statements and for the Company s public reporting process, and with Deloitte Touche LLP, the Company s independent public accountants for 2025, which is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of the Company s audited financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles and its own assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 2. The Audit Committee has discussed with Deloitte Touche LLP those matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the SEC. 3. The Audit Committee has received the letter and written disclosures from Deloitte Touche LLP required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent public accountant s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and has discussed with Deloitte Touche LLP that firm s independence. The Audit Committee has also determined that Deloitte Touche LLP s provision of audit and non-audit services to the Company is compatible with that firm s independence. 4. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee has recommended to the Board and the Company that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Audit Committee has also selected Deloitte Touche LLP as independent public accountants of the Company for fiscal year 2026. Audit Committee Nancy A. Altobello, Chair David P. Falck Robert A. Livingston Anne Clarke Wolff 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES Fees billed to the Company by Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent auditor, for services rendered in 2025 and 2024 were as follows: Type of Fees 2025 2024 ($ in thousands) Audit Fees $ 8,441 $ 7,089 Audit-Related Fees(1) 399 384 Tax Fees(2) 350 343 All Other Fees(3) 316 306 Total $ 9,506 $ 8,122 (1) Audit-Related Fees in 2025 and 2024 primarily include fees related to our acquisitions. (2) Tax Fees in 2025 and 2024 are fees for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning primarily related to certain international tax matters. (3) All Other Fees are fees for any services not included in the first three categories and primarily reflect fees related to the Company s bond offerings. PRE-APPROVAL OF AUDITOR SERVICES The Audit Committee has adopted and implemented approval policies and procedures related to the provision of permissible audit, audit-related, tax and other non-audit services by the Company s independent public accountants. Under these procedures, the Audit Committee has pre-approved the use of the Company s independent public accountants for specific types of services. These specific types of services include, but are not limited to, audits, services provided in connection with audits, merger and acquisition due diligence, tax services, internal control reviews and reviews of employee benefit plans. The Audit Committee has elected to delegate pre-approval authority to the Chair of the Audit Committee. For services by the Company s independent public accountants which are not specifically listed, the Chair of the Audit Committee has pre-approval authority for engagements where the estimated cost of such services is not expected to exceed $25,000. All engagements performed by the Company s independent public accountants are to be reported to the Audit Committee on no less frequently than a quarterly basis. Any permitted services by the independent public accountants where the estimated cost of such services is expected to exceed $25,000 for any given project must be pre-approved by the Audit Committee to ensure compatibility with maintaining the accountants independence. In 2025, all fees for permitted services were pre-approved in accordance with these policies. HIRING RESTRICTIONS ON FORMER EMPLOYEES OF AUDITOR The Audit Committee has also reviewed and confirmed Company policies and procedures imposing restrictions on the hiring of certain individuals employed by or formerly employed by the Company s independent public accountants, including any employee or former employee of the Company s independent public accountants who currently has or who has previously had any responsibility for the performance of any audit work for the Company or any involvement with the certification of the Company s financial statements. 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2. RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has considered the performance and qualifications of Deloitte Touche LLP and has selected Deloitte Touche LLP to act as independent public accountants to examine the financial statements of the Company for the current fiscal year. Deloitte Touche LLP has acted as independent public accountants for the Company since 1997, and the Audit Committee and management have considered and believe it desirable and in the best interests of the Company to continue the engagement of that firm. Representatives of Deloitte Touche LLP are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting. Such representatives are expected to have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. If the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP is not ratified by an affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting, the Audit Committee will review its future selection of independent public accountants in light of that result. The Board is asking stockholders to approve the following advisory resolution at the Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that the selection by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the firm of Deloitte Touche LLP as independent public accountants for the Company for the year 2026 is hereby RATIFIED. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF THE ADVISORY RESOLUTION FOR RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS. 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTORS Name and Age Principal Occupation and Other Information Lance E. D Amico Age 57 Executive Vice President since 2026, Senior Vice President beginning in 2019 and Secretary and General Counsel of the Company since 2016. From 2014 to 2016, he was Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel at UTi Worldwide Inc, then a Nasdaq-listed company, and from 2006 to 2014, he was Senior Vice President and General Counsel at such company. Prior to that he served for six years as General Counsel and Executive Vice President at Element K Corporation. In addition, prior to that he was an associate for six years at the law firm of Cravath, Swaine Moore. He does not serve on the board of directors of any public company. Mr. D Amico has been an employee of the Company for approximately ten years. William J. Doherty Age 61 President, Communications Solutions Division since 2022, Senior Vice President from 2018 to 2021 and Group General Manager, Information Communications and Commercial Products Group of the Company from 2017 to 2021. Mr. Doherty was Vice President from 2016 to 2017 and Group General Manager, IT Communications Products Group of the Company from 2015 to 2016. He was General Manager of the high-speed products division of the Company from 2012 to 2014 and General Manager of the backplane connectors division from 2007 to 2012. Mr. Doherty was employed for approximately three years by the connection systems division of Teradyne, Inc., which was acquired by Amphenol in 2005. He does not serve on the board of directors of any public company. Mr. Doherty has been an employee of the Company or businesses acquired by the Company for approximately 23 years. Michael R. Ivas Age 55 Senior Vice President since 2026, and Vice President, Corporate Controller, beginning in 2015. Mr. Ivas served as Group Controller of the Military, Aerospace and Industrial Group from 2008 until 2015 and upon joining the Company in 2001, served as Director of Internal Audit from 2001 until 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Ivas began his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers in 1994 in Audit and Assurance Services, serving the greater Hartford and Boston areas as a Manager. Mr. Ivas has been an employee of the Company for approximately 24 years. 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Name and Age Principal Occupation and Other Information Craig A. Lampo Age 56 Executive Vice President since 2026, and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company beginning in 2015. Mr. Lampo was Vice President and Controller of the Company from 2004 to 2015. He was Treasurer from 2004 through 2006. Mr. Lampo was a senior audit manager with Deloitte Touche LLP from 2002 to 2004. He was an employee of Arthur Andersen LLP from 1993 to 2002. He does not serve on the board of directors of any public company. Mr. Lampo has been an employee of the Company for approximately 22 years. David Silverman Age 48 Executive Vice President since 2026, Senior Vice President, Human Resources of the Company beginning in 2019, Vice President, Human Resources from 2014 to 2018 and Senior Director, Human Resources from 2013 to 2014. He was General Manager of the Amphenol Alden operating unit from 2010 to 2013. Mr. Silverman was Corporate Business Development Manager of the Company from 2007 to 2010. He does not serve on the board of directors of any public company. Mr. Silverman has been an employee of the Company for approximately 19 years. Peter J. Straub Age 58 President, Interconnect and Sensor Systems Division since January 1, 2024, Vice President and Group General Manager, Sensor Technology Group from 2018 through 2023 and General Manager, Advanced Sensors from 2013 through 2018. Mr. Straub joined the Company in 2013 through the acquisition of GE Advanced Sensors, where he served as Product General Manager. Prior to joining GE in 2001, Mr. Straub served in senior roles at Spirent-Keystone Thermometrics and held roles in engineering at Delphi and General Motors. He does not serve on the board of directors of any public company. Mr. Straub has been an employee of the Company or businesses acquired by the Company for approximately 30 years. Luc Walter Age 67 President, Harsh Environment Solutions Division since 2022, Senior Vice President of the Company from 2004 to 2021 and Group General Manager, Military and Aerospace Operations Group of the Company from 2016 to 2021. Mr. Walter was Group General Manager, International Military, Aerospace and Industrial Operations Group of the Company from 2004 to 2015. He was Director, European Military Aerospace Operations from 2000 to 2003. He does not serve on the board of directors of any public company. Mr. Walter has been an employee of the Company or its subsidiaries for approximately 42 years. 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Overview of Compensation. The Compensation Committee of the Board (referred to in this Compensation Discussion Analysis as the Committee ) has responsibility for establishing, implementing and continually monitoring adherence with the Company s compensation philosophy and guidelines. A primary goal of the compensation philosophy and these guidelines is to align the interests of management with the interests of stockholders to drive long-term shareholder value through performance. The Committee strives to ensure that the total compensation paid to executive officers and key management employees is appropriate and reasonable, while, at the same time, capable of attracting, motivating and retaining the executive officers and key management employees of the Company. The Committee endeavors to keep the structure of the Company s compensation programs simple, transparent, consistent and broad-based. The Company s core management compensation program includes base salary, an annual incentive plan payment opportunity, annual stock option awards, insurance benefits and retirement benefits. This core compensation structure has not changed in more than 25 years. Throughout this proxy statement, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer together with the three other individuals included in the Summary Compensation Table on page 43 , are referred to as the named executive officers. References to executive officers and key management employees in this proxy statement relate to the approximately 1,300 management personnel of the Company, including the named executive officers, who participated in the Company s core management compensation programs in 2025. Say on Pay. At the 2025 Annual Meeting, the Company s stockholders cast a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Company s named executive officers as disclosed in the proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The proposal received overwhelming support with more than 91% of the shares voted being cast in favor of the proposal. The Board appreciates this show of support, which reaffirms to the Board that the Company s current management compensation policies and programs support our stockholders objectives. The Company believes the philosophy and objectives of its management compensation program, as well as the implementation of the elements of the compensation program, are appropriately geared towards aligning the interests of management with the interests of stockholders to drive long-term shareholder value. No changes were made to the structure of the Company s core management compensation programs in 2025 or 2026. The Compensation Committee. The Committee is currently composed of four independent directors. The activities and actions of the Committee are subject to the review of the full Board. All actions of the Committee are reported to the Board no later than the next subsequent meeting of the full Board following any Committee action. The Committee has responsibility, from time to time, but at least annually, to: Review and approve the overall compensation philosophy and guidelines for all executive officers and key management employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. Review and approve changes as necessary and appropriate to the Company s annual Management Incentive Plan and the Company s Stock Option Plan as described beginning on pages 33 and 35 , respectively. Review and approve the goals relevant to compensation for, and evaluate the performance of, the Company s Chief Executive Officer; determine and approve, as deemed necessary and appropriate, any changes in his compensation; and approve any incentive plan payments and/or any option awards to the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Review and approve recommendations from the Company s Chief Executive Officer related to the incentive plan payments and stock option awards and other related matters for all other executive officers and key management employees. Review and approve recommendations from the Company s Chief Executive Officer related to specific adjustments to individual base salary and incentive plan targets for all executives reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer, the Division Controllers and Group General Managers and any other employees comprising the 20 most highly compensated employees. 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Role of Compensation Consultant in Compensation Decisions. The Committee has retained Meridian, an independent compensation consultant, to advise it from time to time on executive and board compensation matters. Meridian reports directly to the Committee and the Committee has sole authority to negotiate the terms of service, including all fees paid to Meridian. In 2025, in conjunction with the Committee s annual review of executive compensation, Meridian was asked to provide market data for executive compensation at companies similar in size to Amphenol. Meridian does not make any decisions relating to the creation or implementation of the Company s compensation policies or programs. The Committee and Meridian both evaluated Meridian s independence in 2025 and concluded that Meridian is independent of the Company. Role of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions. In establishing, reviewing and assessing the appropriateness of compensation levels and adjustments in compensation levels for the executive officers (other than the Chief Executive Officer) and key management employees, the Committee considers the recommendations of certain executive officers of the Company, including in particular Mr. Norwitt. Mr. Norwitt and certain executive officers of the Company review the performance and compensation of the executive officers and key management employees at least annually and any prospective senior management employees as necessary. As part of this process, Mr. Norwitt and such executive officers consider market data provided by Meridian as well as general compensation surveys comprised of widely available information which is generally accessible for purchase or provided without charge to the Company in exchange for participation in the survey. The Company s human resources department, including the Executive Vice President, Human Resources, also provides data, information and feedback based on its general knowledge of compensation inside and outside of the Company. The accounting department and legal department, including the executive officers in those departments, also compile and analyze data and share this with Mr. Norwitt. The recommendations of these executive officers, including Mr. Norwitt, regarding any salary adjustments, annual incentive plan payments and annual option awards based on individual and operating unit performance, are presented to the Committee. The Committee exercises its discretion in modifying and approving any such recommendations. Mr. Norwitt consults with the Committee on essentially all compensation matters but does not participate in the evaluation or determination of his own compensation. Mr. Norwitt does not vote on any compensation matters considered by the Committee. However, he is available to the Committee as an additional resource to respond to questions and discuss individual and operating unit performance, as well as related compensation matters. The Committee also meets informally from time to time and in executive session following each meeting to discuss compensation matters without Company employees present. Philosophy and Objectives of Compensation Program. The Committee continues to strive to develop, refine and implement a complete, consistent and straightforward compensation program that helps to attract, motivate and retain the executive officers and key management employees, and that remains competitive with comparable companies. The program is designed to promote decision making geared to increasing long-term shareholder value while avoiding excessive risk taking. The Committee believes that to further these objectives, executive compensation packages should include both cash and long-term equity-based compensation as well as reasonable benefits. Elements of Compensation Program. The Committee endeavors to provide an appropriate mix of different elements of compensation, including finding a balance among (i) fixed versus at-risk compensation, (ii) current versus long-term compensation, (iii) cash versus equity-based compensation and (iv) basic benefits. Cash payments primarily reward current year performance and equity-based awards encourage key management employees, including the named executive officers, to continue to deliver results over a longer period of time and serve as a retention tool. The Committee generally strives to provide equity-based compensation at a level sufficient to drive an appropriate amount of focus on the long-term performance of the Company. The compensation program for executive officers and key management employees, including the named executive officers, generally includes the following elements: Base Salary Annual Cash Incentive Plans Stock Option Plans 32 TABLE OF CONTENTS Insurance Benefits Retirement Benefits Base Salary. The Company establishes base salary to provide fixed income at approximately the median level for executives of comparable companies with similar responsibilities. Several elements are considered in setting base salary, including the size, scope and complexity of the executive officer s or key management employee s responsibilities, as well as the tenure of the executive officer with the Company. Position, geography and economic and market conditions are also considered, particularly with respect to retention. Base salary must be reasonable, fair and competitive. The Committee also considers the historical, current and forecasted performance of the Company and individual operating units, and the contributions or expected contributions of each executive officer or key management employee to those results when considering proposed adjustments to base salary. Salary levels for all executive officers and key management employees are reviewed and typically adjusted annually. Salary levels are also typically reviewed and may be adjusted in connection with a change in job responsibilities. Annual Cash Incentive Plans. Executive officers and key management employees, including the named executive officers (with the exception of key sales and marketing employees who typically have their own sales incentive or commission plans and from time-to-time certain key employees of newly acquired companies who had or have their own incentive plans), were eligible to receive annual cash payments pursuant to the 2025 Management Incentive Plan (the 2025 Management Incentive Plan ). The Committee has reviewed and approved the 2026 Management Incentive Plan (the 2026 Management Incentive Plan ) with terms that are substantially the same as the 2025 Management Incentive Plan. The 2025 Management Incentive Plan and the 2026 Management Incentive Plan are collectively hereinafter referred to as the incentive plan. Target payments under the incentive plan when added to fixed base salary are intended to generate total annual cash compensation that the Company believes is reasonable, fair and competitive