=== APH_2026-02-11.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors ​ The Company’s business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and stock price can be negatively affected by many risk factors. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below and all other information in this Annual Report. The Company’s past financial performance, including historical trends, should not be considered a reliable indicator of future performance. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that we currently consider immaterial may materialize and impair the Company’s business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and/or stock price. ​ If actions taken by management to limit, monitor or control enterprise risk exposures are not successful, the Company’s business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of the Company’s Common Stock and debt securities could decline and investors may lose all or part of their investment. ​ 12 Table of Contents RISKS RELATED TO OUR GLOBAL OPERATIONS ​ The Company is exposed to political, economic, military and other risks related to operating in countries outside the United States, and changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, U.S. and other countries’ trade policies and other factors beyond the Company’s control may adversely impact its business and operating results. ​ The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. During 2025, non-U.S. markets constituted approximately 65% of the Company’s net sales, with China constituting approximately 16% of the Company’s net sales. The Company employs approximately 90% of its workforce outside the United States. The Company’s customers are located throughout the world, and the Company has many manufacturing, administrative and sales facilities outside the United States. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 79% of the Company’s long-lived assets were located outside of the United States, with approximately 37% located in China. This compares to approximately 73% and 29%, respectively, in 2024. These increases relate primarily to the significant investments the Company has made to support sales of its AI-related products. ​ During the last few years, there have been significant changes to U.S. and other countries’ trade policies, export control laws, sanctions, legislation, treaties and tariffs, including U.S. trade policies and tariffs affecting several of the countries in which we operate. The U.S. continued to impose new tariffs on imports to the U.S. throughout 2025, and in response, several countries have imposed, or threatened to impose, reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other retaliatory measures. These changes have, in certain cases, increased our costs of doing business. There is significant uncertainty about the future of trade relationships around the world, including potential changes to trade laws and regulations, trade policies, and tariffs. We cannot predict what additional actions may ultimately be taken by the U.S. or other governments with respect to tariffs or trade relations, what products may be subject to such actions (including subject to U.S. export control restrictions), what actions may be taken by the other countries in retaliation or whether we would be able to fully mitigate the impact of any such actions by pricing or other measures. The imposition of additional tariffs or other trade barriers could increase our costs in certain markets and may cause our customers to find alternative sourcing or could make it more difficult for us to sell our products in some markets or to some customers, which may result in declines in our net sales and operating income. We have manufacturing facilities in certain jurisdictions that are authorized to operate under preferential duty and/or tariff programs that provide for reduced tariffs and/or eased import and export regulations and are subject to compliance with the terms of such programs, which are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny and oversight. Failure to comply with the terms of such programs could increase our manufacturing costs and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, it is possible that government policy changes and uncertainty about such changes could increase market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations. As a result of these dynamics, we cannot predict the impact to our business of any future changes to the U.S.’s or other countries’ trading relationships or the impact of new laws or regulations adopted by the U.S. or other countries. ​ In addition to the risks noted above, a number of other legal, economic and geopolitical factors could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and/or results of operations, such as: ​ ● a global or regional economic slowdown or recession in any of the Company’s end markets (or a prolonging or intensification of such a slowdown or recession), which could negatively affect the financial condition of our customers and result in reduced demand; ● postponement of customer spending, in response to tighter credit, inflationary pressures, financial market volatility and other global economic factors; ● effects of significant changes in economic, monetary and/or fiscal policies, including interest rate changes by the U.S. Federal Reserve or other international central banking systems, foreign currency fluctuations and significant income tax changes; ● intergovernmental and other conflicts or actions, including, but not limited to, armed conflict, such as the ongoing military conflicts between Ukraine and Russia, trade wars, cyberattacks and acts of terrorism or war; ● employment regulations and local labor conditions, including increases in employment costs, particularly in low-cost regions in which the Company currently operates; ● industrial policies in various countries that favor domestic industries over multinationals or that restrict foreign companies altogether; ● difficulties protecting intellectual property; ● longer payment cycles; 13 Table of Contents ● changes in exchange control regulations or tax policy, including any government actions that prohibit, limit or increase the cost of paying a dividend or otherwise moving cash between the Company’s subsidiaries located in different countries; ● credit risks and other challenges in collecting accounts receivable; and ● changes in assumptions, such as discount rates, along with lower than expected investment returns and performance related to the Company’s benefit plans. ​ The Company and certain of its suppliers and customers have experienced, and may in the future experience, difficulties obtaining certain raw materials and components, and the cost of certain of the Company’s raw materials and components may increase. ​ The Company purchases a wide variety of raw materials for the manufacture of its products, including (i) precious metals such as gold, silver and palladium, (ii) aluminum, steel, copper, titanium and metal alloy products, (iii) copper wire and optical fiber and (iv) plastic materials. In the past, prices for these and certain other basic materials have experienced significant volatility. While the Company does not currently anticipate significant, broad-based difficulties in obtaining raw materials or components necessary for production, it has, from time to time, experienced certain difficulties, and inflationary pressures, increased commodity prices and regulatory restrictions may impact the cost and availability of certain raw materials and components used by the Company and result in supply shortages for discrete raw materials or components. Moreover, the Company may not be able to pass along any increased raw material or component prices to its customers and may not be able to procure and obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials and components in a timely manner and at acceptable prices from our suppliers. In limited instances, we depend on a single source of supply or participate in commodity markets that may be served by a limited number of suppliers, and for some components, alternative sources may not exist or may be unable to produce the quantities of those components necessary to satisfy our production requirements. Delays in obtaining supplies may result from a number of factors affecting our suppliers, and any delay could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers. Moreover, the cost and availability of raw materials may fluctuate significantly due to external factors including, but not limited to, product scarcity, war or other armed conflict, logistical challenges, disruptions caused by climate change and adverse weather conditions, commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, governmental policies and regulations such as tariffs and import restrictions, as well as pandemics and epidemics, which may, in turn, negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. ​ Cybersecurity incidents affecting our information technology systems could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential or personal information, resulting in adverse impacts to our reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations, fines and other penalties. ​ We rely on both our own information technology systems and those provided by third-party vendors to support critical business operations. These systems are subject to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats that are designed to disrupt operations or gain unauthorized access and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems and confidential information. These threats may arise from diverse threat actors such as state-sponsored organizations and opportunistic hackers and hacktivists, as well as through diverse attack vectors, including, but not limited to, malware, social engineering/phishing, credential harvesting, ransomware, malfeasance by insiders, human or technological error and other increasingly sophisticated attacks. Cyberattacks continue to expand and evolve, making it difficult to detect and prevent such threats from impacting the Company. Globally, there continues to be an elevated volume of cyber threats, exploitation of previously unknown software vulnerabilities, ransomware attempts and social engineering attacks, such as phishing and impersonation, and attackers increasingly use tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection, and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. The proliferation of Internet of Things (“IoT”) devices and Operational Technology (“OT”) systems has expanded the potential points of entry for an unauthorized user to access a system or network. Threat actors are targeting IoT and OT systems to disrupt critical infrastructure or gain lateral access to corporate networks. In addition, the rise of AI and machine learning has led to more sophisticated and deceptive attacks. Cybercriminals are increasingly using AI-generated videos, audio and text to deceive individuals and organizations. These attacks can be used for impersonation in social engineering and fraud. Attackers can manipulate systems in new ways and more easily perform functions at scale. In addition, global remote working dynamics continue to present additional risk that threat actors will engage in social engineering (for example, phishing) and exploit vulnerabilities in corporate and non-corporate networks. As a result, we may be unable to detect, investigate, remediate, or recover from future attacks or incidents, or avoid a material adverse impact to our business. ​ 14 Table of Contents While we maintain a cybersecurity risk management program, there can be no assurance that it will eliminate all risk in protecting our information technology systems and confidential information. We rely on third-party providers, including cloud hosting and managed security service providers, for critical aspects of our information technology and cybersecurity infrastructure. A cybersecurity incident affecting any such provider, including incidents involving our cloud hosting environments, could materially disrupt our operations, even if our internal systems are not directly compromised. While the impact of previous attacks has not been material, future cybersecurity incidents could lead to unauthorized access to and potentially impair the Company’s information technology systems, products, customers, suppliers and third-party service providers. Cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the disruption of our business operations and/or misappropriation, destruction or corruption of critical data and confidential, personal, or proprietary information. Cybersecurity events could result in the loss of or inability to access confidential information and critical business, financial or other data, and/or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential or personal information. Further, cybersecurity incidents could result from unauthorized parties gaining access to our systems or information through fraudulent or other means of deceiving our employees, suppliers or third-party service providers. Our and key third-party information technology systems and infrastructure are susceptible to disruptions from cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, security breaches, computer viruses, security vulnerabilities or “bugs” in software or hardware, outages, systems failures, natural disasters, adverse public health developments, or other catastrophic events, any of which could result in reputational damage that may cause the loss of existing or future customers, the loss of our intellectual property, the release of highly sensitive confidential or personal information, the inability to access critical data and other operational disruptions, litigation with third parties (including class actions) and/or governmental investigations, fines and other penalties, among other things, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, we cannot guarantee that any costs and liabilities incurred in relation to an attack or incident will be covered by our existing insurance policies or that applicable insurance will be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. ​ We and our business partners maintain significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world. This data relates to all aspects of our business, including financial information and current and future products under development, and also contains certain customer, supplier, partner and employee data, such as personal information. There is a risk of intrusion, cyberattacks or tampering that could compromise the integrity and privacy of this data or make the data inaccessible to us. In addition, in certain cases, we outsource the storage of this data to third-party business partners. Those partners may also be subject to data intrusion or a cyberattack. Any compromise of the data could substantially disrupt our operations, impact future business opportunities, harm our customers, employees and other business partners, damage our reputation, violate applicable laws, regulations, policies and contractual obligations and subject us to potentially significant costs and liabilities, including litigation or other enforcement actions. For further discussion of the Company’s risk management, strategy, and governance around cybersecurity, refer to Part I, Item 1C. Cybersecurity herein. ​ In the course of operating our business, we and certain of our third-party providers collect, maintain and process data about customers, employees, suppliers and others, including personally identifiable information. We are therefore subject to a variety of laws, regulations and other requirements relating to information security and privacy, including those related to handling of personally identifiable information. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. The application and interpretation of such requirements are constantly evolving and are subject to change, creating a complex compliance environment. In some cases, these requirements may either be unclear in their interpretation and application, or they may have inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Further, there has been a substantial increase in legislative activity and regulatory focus on data privacy and security in the U.S. and elsewhere, including in relation to cybersecurity incidents. These laws and regulations impose significant obligations on companies regarding how they collect, store, protect, process and transfer personal information and can impose significant fines for non-compliance. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations and other requirements relating to information security and privacy could result in legal claims or proceedings (including class actions), regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if found liable, pay significant fines, penalties and other related costs or be required to make changes to our business. If any of these events were to occur, our reputation may be damaged, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. ​ 15 Table of Contents The Company may be negatively impacted by extreme weather conditions and natural catastrophic events, including those caused or intensified by climate change. ​ From time to time, extreme weather conditions and natural disasters have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, portions of our operations, as well as the operations of our suppliers, vendors, customers and distributors. Such unpredictable weather conditions and natural disasters including, but not limited to, severe storms, earthquakes, fires, droughts, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes , and stronger and longer-lasting weather patterns, including heat waves and freezes and ambient temperature or precipitation changes, and their consequences and effects have, in the past, temporarily disrupted our business operations both in the United States and abroad. There are climate-related risks in all of the countries in which we operate, and climate change may exacerbate certain such events and may also contribute to other changes that could also adversely impact our operations. These events could cause some of the Company’s operations to suffer from supply chain disruptions and potential delays in fulfilling customer orders or order cancellations altogether, lost business and sales, increased costs and compliance burdens, energy and water scarcity, changing costs or availability of insurance, and/or property damage or harm to our people, each and all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations. ​ Our international operations require us to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various foreign jurisdictions, and our business reputation and financial results may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, customers, suppliers, distributors or any other business partners. ​ Doing business on a worldwide basis requires us and our subsidiaries to comply with the anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various foreign jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these rules and regulations may expose us to significant liabilities. These laws and regulations may apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees, subcontractors and agents, and may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. In particular, our international operations are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (“FCPA”). As part of our business, we deal with state-owned business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered foreign officials for purposes of the FCPA. In addition, some of the foreign locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. As a result of the above activities, we are exposed to the risk of violating U.S. and foreign anti-corruption laws. ​ There can be no assurance that our policies and procedures designed for complying with applicable U.S. and foreign laws and regulations will be effective in preventing our directors, officers, employees, subcontractors and agents from taking actions that violate these legal requirements. Violations of these legal requirements could subject us to criminal fines and imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts and other remedial measures. In addition, any actual or alleged violations could disrupt our operations, cause reputational harm, involve significant management distraction and result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. ​ The Company’s results can be positively or negatively affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. ​ The Company conducts business in many foreign currencies through its worldwide operations, and as a result, is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies, including possible foreign currency restrictions and/or devaluations. Changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the Company’s sales, operating margins and equity. There can be no assurance that any or all actions taken by the Company to mitigate currency risk, such as locating factories in the same country or region in which products are sold, hedging contracts, cost reduction and pricing actions or working capital management, will be fully effective in successfully managing currency risk. A significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies of the Company’s worldwide operations could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. ​ 16 Table of Contents The Company is dependent on attracting, recruiting, hiring and retaining skilled employees, including our various management teams. ​ Our performance is dependent on our ability to attract, recruit, hire and retain skilled personnel, including our various management teams. It is possible that scarce labor market conditions, which the Company has experienced from time to time, and changes in immigration policies in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our ability to attract, recruit, hire and retain skilled employees globally, which in turn, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our business could also be adversely impacted by any significant increases in labor costs, including wages and benefits. ​ RISKS RELATED TO OUR END MARKETS ​ The Company encounters competition in all areas of our business. ​ The Company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. Competitors include large, diversified companies, some of which have comparable assets and financial resources, as well as medium- to small-sized companies that have smaller portfolios or specialize in one or more of our product lines. Rapid technological changes could also lead to the entry of new competitors of various sizes, against whom we may not be able to successfully compete. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully against existing or new competition, and the inability to do so may result in price reductions, reduced margins, or loss of market share, any of which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. ​ The Company is dependent on end market dynamics to sell its products, and some of the Company’s end markets are subject to cyclical and at times rapid periods of reduced demand. ​ The Company is dependent on end market dynamics to sell its products, and its operating results could be adversely affected by cyclical and at times rapid periods of reduced demand in any of its end markets. Demand for products can be subject to rapid changes arising from a wide variety of factors, including new technology developments, changes in general economic conditions, consolidation within an industry, changes in access to financing, competition, new legislation and regulation, an evolving global trade environment, prolonged work stoppages or other disputes with labor unions and governmental budgetary constraints, among many other factors. For example, some of our customers are making significant investments in AI, and these investments are driving robust demand for certain of the Company’s products. The continued growth of this market will be dependent upon many factors, including our go-forward market share for such products, the demand for our customers’ products and services, the amount and mix of capital spending by our customers, changing technology priorities and changes in government regulations and policies related to AI. Periodic downturns in any of our customers’ end markets can significantly reduce demand for certain of our products and result in customers canceling, delaying, reducing or otherwise modifying their purchase commitments, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. ​ RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS ​ The Company has at times experienced difficulties and unanticipated expenses in connection with purchasing and integrating newly acquired businesses. ​ The Company has completed numerous acquisitions in recent years, including five in 2025 and two in 2024, some of which are large and complex. Additionally, on January 9, 2026, the Company closed the CommScope acquisition, which is the largest acquisition in the Company’s history. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities as part of its growth strategy. From time to time, the Company experiences difficulty and unanticipated expenses associated with purchasing and assimilating acquisitions into the Company, and acquisitions do not always perform and deliver the financial benefits expected. In addition, the Company may not be able to close acquisitions as anticipated, or at all. The Company has also experienced challenges at times following the acquisition of a new company or business, including, but not limited to, managing the operations, manufacturing facilities and technology; maintaining and increasing the customer base; retaining the management team; managing the response of business partners and competitors; exposure to new regions and countries, including managing the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; or retaining key employees, suppliers and distributors. These transactions may also lead to litigation, and in certain limited cases, the Company has pursued indemnification claims against seller(s) of an acquired business or sought recovery under 17 Table of Contents third - party insurance policies for pre-acquisition liabilities, breaches of representations, warranties or covenants or for other reasons provided for in the relevant acquisition agreement or insurance policy. To the extent we pursue indemnification claims against such seller(s) or insurers, such seller(s) or insurers may successfully contest such claims and/or may not have the financial capacity to compensate us for such claims, or such claims may otherwise be difficult or impractical to enforce. We cannot predict or guarantee whether, when and to what extent anticipated cost savings, benefits, margin improvements and growth prospects will be achieved from recent or future acquisitions. ​ The Company may in the future incur goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges. ​ On December 31, 2025, the total assets of the Company were $36.2 billion, which included $10.6 billion of goodwill (the excess of fair value of consideration paid over the fair value of net identifiable assets of businesses acquired) and $2.2 billion of other intangible assets, net. The Company performs annual evaluations (or more frequently, if necessary) for the potential impairment of the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets. Such evaluations to date have not resulted in the need to recognize an impairment. However, if the financial performance of the Company’s businesses were to decline significantly, the Company could incur a material non-cash charge to its income statement for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that impairment charges in the future will not be required if the expected cash flow estimates as projected by management do not occur, especially if an economic recession occurs and continues for a lengthy period or becomes more severe, or if acquisitions made by the Company fail to achieve expected returns. ​ RISKS RELATED TO OUR LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES ​ The Company’s credit agreements and senior notes conta

=== APH_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. ​ Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds ​ Repurchase of Equity Securities ​ On April 23, 2024, the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company may purchase up to $2.0 billion of the Company’s Class A Common Stock (“Common Stock”) during the three-year period ending on the close of business on April 28, 2027 (the “2024 Stock Repurchase Program”). The 2024 Stock Repurchase Program became effective on April 29, 2024. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, the Company repurchased 1.3 million shares of its Common Stock for $178.0 million under the 2024 Stock Repurchase Program. All of the repurchased shares under the 2024 Stock Repurchase Program during the three months ended March 31, 2026 were retained in Treasury stock at the time of repurchase. From April 1, 2026 to April 28, 2026, the Company repurchased 0.3 million additional shares of its Common Stock for $44.2 million, and, as of April 29, 2026, the Company has remaining authorization to purchase up to $648.8 million of its Common Stock under the 2024 Stock Repurchase Program. The timing and amount of any future repurchases will depend on a number of factors, such as the levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock options exercised by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, dividends paid, economic and market conditions and the price of the Common Stock. ​ The table below reflects the Company’s stock repurchases for the three months ended March 31, 2026: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Number of ​ Maximum Dollar (dollars in millions, except price per share) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Shares Purchased as ​ Value of Shares ​ ​ Total Number ​ Average ​ Part of Publicly ​ that May Yet be ​ ​ of Shares ​ Price Paid ​ Announced Plans or ​ Purchased Under the Period ​ ​ ​ Purchased ​ ​ ​ per Share ​ ​ ​ Programs ​ ​ ​ Plans or Programs January 1 to January 31, 2026 302,262 $ 146.17 302,262 $ 826.9 ​ February 1 to February 28, 2026 450,472 ​ 143.43 450,472 762.3 ​ March 1 to March 31, 2026 521,800 ​ 132.68 521,800 $ 693.1 ​ Total 1,274,534 $ 139.68 1,274,534 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 45 Table of Contents Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities ​ None. ​ Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures ​ Not Applicable. ​ Item 5. Other Information ​ Trading Arrangements ​ During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “ no n-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. ​ ​ 46 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits ​ 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Amphenol Corporation, dated May 19, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the June 30, 2021 Form 10-Q).* 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Amphenol Corporation, dated May 16, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2024).* 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Amphenol Corporation, dated May 15, 2025 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2025).* 3.4 Amphenol Corporation, Fifth Amended and Restated By-laws dated August 3, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2023).* 4.1 Indenture, dated as of November 5, 2009, between Amphenol Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2009).* 4.2 Indenture, dated as of October 8, 2018, among Amphenol Technologies Holding GmbH, Amphenol Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on October 9, 2018).* 4.3 Indenture, dated as of May 4, 2020, among Amphenol Technologies Holding GmbH, Amphenol Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2020).* 4.4 Indenture, dated as of March 16, 2023, among Amphenol Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on March 16, 2023).* 4.5 Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2026, among Amphenol Technologies Holding GmbH, Amphenol Corporation, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2026).* 4.6 Officer’s Certificate, dated January 9, 2019, establishing the 4.350% Senior Notes due 2029 pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2019).* 4.7 Officer’s Certificate, dated September 10, 2019, establishing the 2.800% Senior Notes due 2030 pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2019).* 4.8 Officer’s Certificate, dated September 14, 2021, establishing the 2.200% Senior Notes due 2031 pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on September 14, 2021).* 4.9 Officer’s Certificate, dated March 30, 2023, establishing the 4.750% Senior Notes due 2026 pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023).* 4.10 Officer’s Certificate, dated April 5, 2024, establishing the 5.050% Senior Notes due 2027, 5.050% Senior Notes due 2029, and 5.250% Senior Notes due 2034, pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2024).* 4.11 Officer’s Certificate, dated October 31, 2024, establishing the 5.000% Senior Notes due 2035 and 5.375% Senior Notes due 2054, pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2024).* 4.12 Officers’ Certificate, dated June 12, 2025, establishing the 4.375% Senior Notes due 2028, pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on June 12, 2025).* 4.13 Officers’ Certificate, dated June 16, 2025, establishing the 3.125% Senior Notes due 2032, pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2025).* 4.14 Officers’ Certificate, dated November 10, 2025, establishing the Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2027, 3.800% Senior Notes due 2027, 3.900% Senior Notes due 2028, 4.125% Senior Notes due 2030, 4.400% Senior Notes due 2033, 4.625% Senior Notes due 2036 and 5.300% Senior Notes due 2055, pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2025).* 4.15 Officers’ Certificate, dated March 30, 2026, establishing the 3.625% Senior Notes due 2031, pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2026).* 4.16 Description of the Registrant’s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed as Exhibit 4.14 to the December 31, 2025 Form 10-K).* 10.1 Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries (filed as Annex A to the Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed on April 12, 2021).†* 10.2 Form of 2017 Stock Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2017).†* 10.3 2009 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the June 30, 2009 Form 10-Q).†* 47 Table of Contents 10.4 The First Amendment to the 2009 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2014).†* 10.5 Form of 2009 Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement dated as of May 20, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the June 30, 2009 Form 10-Q).†* 10.6 Form of 2009 Management Stockholders’ Agreement dated as of May 20, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the June 30, 2009 Form 10-Q).†* 10.7 Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the December 31, 2016 Form 10-K).†* 10.8 Firs