=== INVH_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our other periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other periodic filings. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except to the extent otherwise required by law. Summary Risk Factors Our ability to successfully operate our business is subject to numerous risks, including those that are generally associated with operating in the real estate industry. Some of the more significant challenges and risks are summarized below. This summary contains only a select portion of the risks set forth in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our operating results are subject to risks associated with our real estate assets, as well as fluctuating global and United States economic conditions, political dissension, inflation, higher interest rates, uncertainty in financial markets, and geopolitical tensions; Supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or operating results; A significant portion of our costs and expenses are fixed, including increasing property taxes, insurance costs, and HOA fees, and we may not be able to adapt our costs structure to offset declines in our revenue; Timing and costs of renovating our properties and the cost of maintaining rental properties may negatively affect our financial results ; Concentration of our investments in certain markets and in the single-family properties sector of the real estate industry exposes us to seasonal fluctuations in rental demand and downturns in our markets or in the single-family properties sector; We face significant competition for quality residents, which may limit our ability to lease homes on favorable terms; 3 Our reliance on information supplied by prospective residents, which may be inaccurate, may lead to poor leasing decisions, and our portfolio may contain more risk than we believe; If a significant number of our residents fail to meet their lease obligations or fail to renew their leases, our reputation, financial performance, and ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected; We face risks associated with acquisitions and dispositions of properties and land development and construction activities, including lending, which could lead to material losses on our investments in our properties and adversely impact anticipated yields, including risks related to: competition in identifying and acquiring our properties or development sites; possible title defects; time to acquire and develop land, substantial up-front costs relating to development activities, and time to build and lease the rental homes; construction and development loans experiencing cost overruns, delays, or insufficient collateral value to ensure repayment; acquisitions of new homes from third-party homebuilders; bulk portfolio acquisitions and dispositions; evaluation of properties based on potentially inaccurate assumptions; difficulty selling our real estate investments; and acquisitions of properties consistent with our investment strategy regardless of favorability of rental and housing markets; Our dependence upon third parties for key services may have an adverse effect on our operating results or reputation if the third parties fail to perform; Relatively short lease terms expose us to the risk that we may have to re-lease our properties frequently, which we may be unable to do on attractive terms, on a timely basis, or at all; Fluctuations of rent rates in our markets could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and ability to make distributions to our stockholders; Declining real estate valuations and impairment charges could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results; Investments in joint ventures may restrict our market choices and expose us to challenges, including limited decision-making authority, reliance on partners' financial conditions, potential liabilities for services provided, and disputes with joint venture partners; We may suffer losses that are not covered by insurance and we may elect to self-insure against potential losses; We may encounter challenges providing property and asset management services to portfolio owners of single-family homes leading to management distractions or operational inconsistencies; Compliance with federal, state, and local laws and regulatory requirements, including expanding tenant rights laws, restrictions on evictions and collections, rent control laws, affordability covenants, permit, license, and zoning requirements, and federal executive actions and potential federal and state legislation aimed at limiting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes, may negatively impact our rental income and profitability; Legal and regulatory proceedings and demands from tenant and consumer advocacy organizations, exacerbated by increased political and regulatory scrutiny of our industry, and negative publicity could constrain our operations and may result in significant litigation expenses and reputational harm; Many of our properties are part of HOAs, subjecting us and our residents to the rules of such HOAs, which are subject to change, and violations may lead to additional fees and penalties and costly litigation with such HOAs; 4 Leasing fraud may negatively impact our operations, including the loss of revenue and/or an increase in costs to combat these activities, and may result in fines, settlements, litigation expenses, and reputational damage; We are highly dependent on information systems, and system failures, security breaches, and our use of emerging technologies such as AI could disrupt our business and present business, reputational, legal, and compliance risks; We are subject to risks related to sustainability, corporate responsibility, and governance issues, including risks from natural disasters, environmentally hazardous conditions, and physical and transitional climate change risks; Difficulty securing financing from debt and equity markets, or a credit ratings downgrade may negatively impact our growth strategy, financial condition, and operating results; We utilize a significant amount of indebtedness in our business, and our cash flows and operating results could be adversely affected by required debt payments or related interest and other risks of our debt financing; Provisions of Maryland law and our charter may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if such change in control would be in the best interests of our stockholders; and Failure to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) may result in taxation as a regular domestic corporation leading to a substantial tax liability, and maintaining our REIT status may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. This summary is qualified in its entirety by the more complete statement of risks and uncertainties in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully read the entire statement together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K when considering the risks and uncertainties in evaluating our company and our business. 5 DEFINED TERMS Invitation Homes Inc. ( INVH ), a REIT, conducts its operations through Invitation Homes Operating Partnership LP ( INVH LP ). Through THR Property Management L.P., a wholly owned subsidiary of INVH LP, and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the Manager ), we provide all management and other administrative services with respect to the properties we own. The Manager also provides professional property and asset management services to portfolio owners of single-family homes for lease, including our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. Unless the context suggests otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to Invitation Homes, the Company, we, our, and us refer to INVH and its consolidated subsidiaries. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K: average monthly rent represents average monthly rental income per home for occupied properties in an identified population of homes over the measurement period and reflects the impact of non-service rent concessions and contractual rent increases amortized over the life of the related lease. We believe average monthly rent reflects pricing trends that significantly impact rental revenues over time, making average monthly rent useful to management and external stakeholders as a means of evaluating changes in rental revenues across periods; average occupancy for an identified population of homes represents (i) the total number of days that the homes in such population were occupied during the measurement period, divided by (ii) the total number of days that the homes in such population were owned during the measurement period. We believe average occupancy significantly impacts rental revenues in a given period, making comparisons of average occupancy across different periods helpful to management and external stakeholders in evaluating changes in rental revenues across periods; Carolinas includes Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia, NC-SC, Greensboro-High Point, NC, Raleigh-Cary, NC, Durham-Chapel Hill, NC, and Winston-Salem, NC; core markets refers to markets where we have meaningful scale and the ability to conduct business using our existing operating platform. Our current 16 core markets are identified on our portfolio table in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our Portfolio; days to re-resident for an individual home represents the number of days between (i) the date the prior resident moves out of a home and (ii) the date the next resident is granted access to the same home, which is deemed to be the earlier of the next resident s contractual lease start date and the next resident s move-in date. Days to re-resident impacts our average occupancy and thus our rental revenues, making comparisons of days to re-resident helpful to management and external stakeholders in evaluating changes in rental revenues across periods; in-fill refers to markets, MSAs, submarkets, neighborhoods, or other geographic areas that are typified by significant population densities and low availability of land suitable for development into competitive properties, resulting in limited opportunities for new construction; Metropolitan Statistical Area or MSA is defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget as a region associated with at least one urbanized area that has a population of at least 50,000 and comprises the central county or counties containing the core, plus adjacent outlying counties having a high degree of social and economic integration with the central county or counties as measured through commuting; net effective rental rate growth for any home represents the percentage difference between the monthly rent from an expiring lease and the monthly rent from the next lease and, in each case, reflects the impact of non-service rent concessions and contractual rent increases amortized over the life of the related lease. Leases are either renewal leases, where our current resident chooses to stay for a subsequent lease term, or a new lease, where our previous resident moves out and a new resident signs a lease to occupy the same home. Net effective rental rate growth drives changes in our average monthly rent, making net effective rental rate growth useful to management and external stakeholders as a means of evaluating changes in rental revenues across periods; Northern California includes Sacramento-Roseville-Folsom, CA, San Francisco-Oakland-Berkeley, CA, Stockton, CA, Vallejo, CA, and Yuba City, CA; 6 PSF means per square foot. When comparing homes or cohorts of homes, we believe PSF calculations help management and external stakeholders normalize metrics for differences in property size, enabling more meaningful comparisons based on characteristics other than property size; Same Store or Same Store portfolio includes, for a given reporting period, wholly owned homes that have been stabilized and seasoned, excluding homes that have been sold, homes that have been identified for sale to an owner occupant and have become vacant, homes that have been deemed inoperable or significantly impaired by casualty loss events or force majeure, homes acquired in portfolio transactions that are deemed not to have undergone renovations of sufficiently similar quality and characteristics as the existing Invitation Homes Same Store portfolio, and homes in markets that we have announced an intent to exit where we no longer operate a significant number of homes for the primary purpose of income generation. Homes are considered stabilized if they have (i) completed an initial renovation and (ii) entered into at least one post-initial renovation lease. An acquired portfolio that is both leased and deemed to be of sufficiently similar quality and characteristics as the existing Invitation Homes Same Store portfolio may be considered stabilized at the time of acquisition. Homes are considered to be seasoned once they have been stabilized for at least 15 months prior to January 1st of the year in which the Same Store portfolio was established. We believe information about the portion of our portfolio that has been fully operational for the entirety of a given reporting period and its prior year comparison period provides management and external stakeholders with meaningful information about the performance of our comparable homes across periods and about trends in our organic business; Southeast United States includes our Atlanta and Carolinas markets; South Florida includes Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL, and Port St. Lucie, FL; Southern California includes Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA, Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura, CA, Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario, CA, and San Diego-Chula Vista-Carlsbad, CA; total homes or total portfolio refers to the total number of homes we own, whether or not stabilized, and excludes any properties previously acquired in purchases that have been subsequently rescinded or vacated. Unless otherwise indicated, total homes or total portfolio refers to wholly owned homes and excludes homes owned in joint ventures. Additionally, unless the context otherwise requires, all measures in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are presented on a total portfolio basis; turnover rate represents the number of instances that homes in an identified population become unoccupied in a given period, divided by the number of homes in such population. To the extent the measurement period shown is less than 12 months, the turnover rate may be reflected on an annualized basis. We believe turnover rate impacts average occupancy and thus our rental revenues, making comparisons of turnover rate helpful to management and external stakeholders in evaluating changes in rental revenues across periods. In addition, turnover can impact our cost to maintain homes, making changes in turnover rate useful to management and external stakeholders in evaluating changes in our property operating and maintenance expenses across periods; and Western United States includes our Southern California, Northern California, Seattle, Phoenix, Las Vegas, and Denver markets. 7 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview Invitation Homes is a leading owner and operator of single-family homes for lease, offering residents high-quality homes in sought-after neighborhoods across the United States. As of December 31, 2025, we wholly own 86,192 homes for lease, jointly own 8,006 homes for lease, and provide professional third-party property and asset management services for an additional 15,866 homes, all of which are primarily located in 16 core markets across the country. These homes help meet the needs of a growing share of Americans who count on the ease, flexibility, and savings of leasing. We provide our residents access to updated homes with features they value, as well as close proximity to jobs and good schools. The continued demand for our product proves that the choice and flexibility we offer are attractive to many people. We operate in markets with strong demand drivers, high barriers to entry, and high rent growth potential, primarily in the Western United States, Florida, and the Southeast United States. Through disciplined market and asset selection, as well as through strategic mergers and acquisitions, we designed our wholly and jointly owned portfolios to capture the operating benefits of local density as well as economies of scale that we believe cannot be readily replicated. Since our founding in 2012, we have built a proven, vertically integrated operating platform that enables us to effectively and efficiently acquire, renovate, lease, maintain, and manage both the homes we own and those we manage on behalf of others. The portfolio of homes we own average approximately 1,880 square feet with three to four bedrooms and two bathrooms, appealing to a resident base that we believe is less transitory than a typical multifamily resident. We invest in the upfront renovation of homes in our portfolio in order to address capital needs, reduce ongoing maintenance costs, and drive resident demand. At Invitation Homes, we are committed to creating a better way to live and to being a force for positive change, which is underscored by our company purpose to Unlock the Power of Home . Our Genuine CARE values serve as the foundation for our work, and the underlying principles of clear communication, integrity, responsibility, innovation, adaptability, and a welcoming workplace are designed to create an authentic experience for our residents, shareholders, and associates. We also work to advance sustainability, which is an important part of our strategic business objectives and is critical to our long-term success. Our commitment to high-touch customer service continuously enhances residents living experiences and provides an environment where individuals and families can thrive. Many of our residents are first responders, healthcare workers, teachers, and other essential members of their communities, people who dedicate themselves to serving others every day. We are honored to serve them in return, and we work hard to ensure they come home to a place of comfort and security. Each aspect of our operations whether in our corporate headquarters or field offices located in our 16 core markets is driven by a resident-centric model. Our associates take our values seriously and work hard every day to honor the trust our residents have placed in us to provide clean, safe, and functional homes for them and their loved ones. In turn, we focus on ensuring that our associates are fairly compensated and that we provide a culture that values respect, opportunity, and belonging. We also place a strong emphasis on the impact we have in our communities and on the environment in general, and we continue to support programs that demonstrate those commitments. In addition, we operate under strong, well-defined governance practices and are dedicated to adhering to the highest ethical standards at all times. History INVH, a REIT organized under the laws of Maryland, conducts its operations through INVH LP. INVH LP was formed for the purpose of owning, renovating, leasing, and operating single-family residential properties. Through the Manager, we provide all management and other administrative services with respect to the properties we own. The Manager also provides professional property and asset management services to portfolio owners of single-family homes for lease, including our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. As of December 31, 2025, INVH owns 99.7% of INVH LP directly and through Invitation Homes OP GP LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of INVH (the General Partner ), and INVH has the full, exclusive, and complete responsibility for and discretion over the day-to-day management and control of INVH LP. 8 Our principal executive offices are located at 5420 LBJ Freeway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas 75240, and our telephone number is (972) 421-3600. Our Platform Our vertically integrated, scalable platform allows greater influence over the experience of our residents while enabling us to better control operating costs and continuously share best practices across functional areas of the business. Our differentiated platform is built upon: Resident-centric focus . Our high-touch business model enables us to solicit and integrate resident feedback into our operations and tailor our approach to address their preferences, providing a superior living experience and fostering customer loyalty. We believe this, in turn, drives rent growth, occupancy, and low turnover rates and will enable us to develop significant brand equity in the longer term. Local presence and expertise . In-market managers oversee the operations of local leasing, property management, and maintenance teams, enabling us to provide outstanding resident service, leverage local expertise in managing rental, occupancy, and turnover rates, and improve cost and oversight of renovations and ongoing maintenance of our homes. As a result of our concentrated footprint within our core markets, our regional managers and in-market teams are able to realize local-operator advantages, while still benefiting from significant economies of scale. Scalable, centralized infrastructure . We support local market operations with national strategy, infrastructure, workflows enabled by technology, and standards to drive efficiency, consistency, and cost savings. We utilize our extensive scale and investments in technology to ensure the consistent quality of our resident experience and maximize cost efficiencies and purchasing power. On a national level we are also able to standardize resident leases, employ a consistent approach to resident screening and leasing operations, and utilize a tailored pricing tool that analyzes publicly available data to reflect local market conditions. Additionally, our acquisition of ResiBuilt (as defined below), a leading fee homebuilder specializing in single-family rental communities, represents a natural extension of our vertically integrated platform, adding home building capabilities that enable us to develop single-family rental homes and communities internally across high-growth markets. By bringing land development and construction expertise in-house, we gain greater operational control, enhance cost efficiency, and strengthen our ability to execute on growth opportunities in strategically important markets, leveraging local market knowledge and relationships. This development capacity complements our integrated approach to investment and asset management. Consistent with this integrated approach, our investment and asset management functions combine local presence and expertise with national oversight. Our investment and asset management teams are primarily located in-market and apply their local market knowledge within the framework of a proprietary and consistent underwriting methodology, with support from national leadership focused on investment and asset management strategy based in our corporate headquarters. Through the integration of investment, property management, asset management, and now land development and construction functions, our platform enables our teams to incorporate real-time information regarding leasing activity, property operations, maintenance, capital spending, and construction into asset selection and asset management. We believe the advantages of our integrated acquisition and development platform and local market expertise drive the performance of our existing portfolio of owned homes, as well as the portfolio of homes we jointly own with or manage on behalf of others. We similarly believe that employing experienced, in-house acquisitions and development teams at the local level gives us a competitive advantage in selectively acquiring and building homes that will maximize risk-adjusted total return. Our Business Activities Since our founding in 2012, we have built a proven, vertically integrated operating platform that allows us to effectively and efficiently acquire, renovate, lease, maintain, and manage both the homes we own as well as those we manage on behalf of others, including our joint venture partners and third parties. Our differentiated approach, which combines a resident-centric focus, local market presence and expertise, and national strategy, infrastructure, technology-enabled workflows, and standards, informs all areas of our operations. 9 Property Operations Property operations encompasses the in-house local market management and execution of marketing, leasing, resident relations, and maintenance functions. We have developed and employ a highly scalable, vertically integrated, and resident-centric property management service platform, referred to as ProCare. All of our property management functions have been internally managed since our founding in 2012, and we have implemented an extensive property management infrastructure, including a resident portal that is available both online and via a mobile app, smart home technology, a mobile app for residents to schedule and track maintenance requests, a technology suite to manage work orders and associate schedules, dedicated in-market associates, and local offices in each of our core markets. We have organized our property management associates and operating structure such that Vice Presidents of Operations in each of our core markets are responsible for the operations of local leasing, property management, and maintenance teams. We believe our operating model differentiates our approach to local market operations and enables us to provide superior, high-touch resident service, maximize the effectiveness of our in-market associates in managing rental, occupancy, and turnover rates and improve our cost management and oversight over both upfront renovations and ongoing maintenance. All of our local market associates are supported by our centralized national infrastructure, which allows us to deploy best practices and standardized processes where appropriate. The combination of our local market presence and national infrastructure enables us to exercise greater control over our property management service platform, allowing us to enhance the experience of our residents, better manage operating costs, and share best practices across various functional areas of our business. Marketing and Leasing Our associates are responsible for establishing rental rates, marketing and leasing properties, and collecting and processing rent. We establish and manage rental rates based on a tailored pricing tool that analyzes publicly available data to reflect local market conditions, including a competitive analysis of market rents for institutional single-family rental properties, as well as the size, fit and finish, and location of the home, the number of applications received, and the number of days a home has been available on the market. We also consider a number of qualitative factors, such as neighborhood characteristics, community amenities, and proximity to employment centers, desirable schools, transportation corridors, and local services. We typically begin pre-marketing properties 30 to 45 days in advance of their becoming vacant to maintain high occupancy rates and reduce vacancy losses. We advertise available properties through multiple channels, including our proprietary website, internet listing services (such as Zillow, Trulia, HotPads, and Realtor.com), Multiple Listing Service ( MLS ), yard signs, search engine marketing, digital media, and local brokers. We offer flexible showing options for convenience, including virtual tours and floor plans, self-showings that leverage smart home technology, and in-person showings. We own internal brokerages to serve the states in which we operate and utilize in-market leasing experience specialists to drive an end-to-end resident experience that achieves our occupancy, revenue, and retention goals while facilitating enjoyment of a worry-free leasing lifestyle. Prospective residents may submit an application through our proprietary mobile app or on our website. To maintain brand consistency and better track compliance with leasing requirements, we utilize standardized online applications, national lease agreements, move-in and move-out documents, resident communications, and other ancillary documents. Multiple channels are utilized to communicate with prospective residents, including automated email and texts, associate correspondence, and an AI leasing assistant. We evaluate prospective residents in a standardized manner through the use of third-party resident screening providers that obtain appropriate identification, evaluate credit history and household income, review the applicant s rental history, and complete a background check for criminal activity, each in accordance with applicable law. Although we require a minimum income to rent ratio, many additional factors are also considered during the resident evaluation process, including eviction history, criminal history, and rental and other payment history. Our disciplined investment strategy and local, in-market approach have given us scale and density of homes in desirable neighborhoods, enabling us to execute cost-effective advertising strategies targeting potential residents whose online behaviors indicate interest in these neighborhoods. We believe this approach increases our likelihood of capturing and retaining residents and enhances our opportunity to develop and market other programs and services. 10 Digital Marketing Initiatives and Branding Our brand is differentiated through our commitment to providing high-quality living solutions and a professional property management team to support our residents, reflective of the needs of the rising generation of millennial renters. The ease of leasing through our technology, the Genuine CARE TM from our teams, and our exceptional value-add services help our residents live the worry-free leasing lifestyle. We encourage meaningful community interaction across our digital platforms by continuously refreshing the content of our website, blog, and social media accounts with articles, home maintenance advice, giveaways, and incentives designed to enrich the lives of our residents and protect our homes. For example, we alert our residents to prepare for storms, encourage them to pay their rent online or through our mobile app, offer Lease Friendly and Make It Home design tips and giveaways, and hold an annual Resident Appreciation Month. Our resident engagement and social media following continue to grow, owing partially to positive feedback from residents, who specifically mention our lifestyle and home maintenance content. Resident Relations and Property Maintenance The associates in each of our markets are responsible for property repairs and maintenance, as well as resident relations. In coordination with a third-party vendor, we offer a 24/7 emergency telephone line to handle after-hours maintenance issues on an expedited basis as needed, and our residents can also contact us through our mobile app, our online resident portal, our call centers, or our local property management offices. As part of our property management best practices, we seek to conduct routine repairs and maintenance in a timely manner, as appropriate, by appointment at the resident s convenience. We seek to utilize quality materials to minimize the recurrence of maintenance requests and maximize long-term rental income and cash flows from our portfolio. We have established a Resident Advisory Panel to foster open dialogue with and gain meaningful insights directly from our residents. The panel provides a structured forum for residents to share feedback, voice concerns, and offer suggestions, enabling us to better understand and respond to the needs of the communities we serve. We typically utilize our in-house maintenance associates in each of our markets to provide ordinary course, handyman services, and outsource more complex or extensive repairs, such as roofing, heating, ventilation, and air conditioning ( HVAC ) systems, plumbing, and electrical work to vetted, pre-approved third-party vendor partners. We strive to address and resolve maintenance requests primarily through our in-house maintenance technicians. In cases where we outsource more complex or extensive repairs, our in-house maintenance associates provide oversight to ensure quality control and cost effectiveness. In addition, our in-house market-based associates conduct ProCare visits with residents at move-in, 45 days after move-in, and prior to move-out to help foster positive, long-term relationships with our residents, track and report maintenance needs effectively, and support compliance with lease terms, local laws, and HOA rules and regulations. ProCare service, our proactive property management service platform, includes several touchpoints over the term of a resident s lease designed to enhance their satisfaction with our service model, improve the efficiency of our service and our homes systems, and ensure that each resident is properly educated regarding the home and their responsibilities. When a new resident moves into one of our homes, our associates conduct a resident orientation during which we revisit the terms of the lease, outline what aspects of the home s upkeep are the resident s responsibility, walk through all of the home s major systems in order to familiarize the resident with their safe and proper operation, and inform the resident that we will be conducting a post move-in maintenance visit. Following the move-in orientation, each resident is encouraged to keep a record of any non-emergency service items. We conduct a post move-in maintenance visit approximately 45 days after move-in, during which our in-house property maintenance associates will address any non-emergency service needs the resident has noted. We believe this process has a number of benefits. First, by conducting an in-person move-in orientation, we are able to ensure that residents understand their obligations under the terms of their lease, as well as how to safely and properly operate the home s systems, reducing both the likelihood of misaligned expectations and unnecessary wear and tear on the property. Second, by scheduling a post move-in maintenance visit, we are able to address multiple service requests in a single visit, improving the resident experience by avoiding the inconvenience of multiple service appointments and improving the efficiency and productivity of our in-house property maintenance associates. Finally, the post move-in maintenance visit allows us to more quickly identify residents who may not be adhering to the terms of their lease or may be subjecting the home to undue wear and tear and/or damages as a result of their treatment of the property. We also conduct pre-move-out consultations 15 to 30 days prior to scheduled resident move-outs and any additional pre-move-out consultations required by applicable law. These consultations allow us to notify residents of any repairs they may need to undertake prior to moving out of the property, such as removing scuff marks or landscaping maintenance. In addition, 11 these visits allow our in-house property maintenance associates to begin preparing a scope of work and budget for the turnover work we undertake between residents to prepare our homes to be re-leased to a new resident. These visits also improve our ability to pre-market our homes. Regardless of the purpose or timing of the visit, our in-house property maintenance associates are required to conduct a general property condition assessment ( GPCA ) every time they visit one of our homes. The GPCA requires our in-house property maintenance associates to assess and document interior and exterior conditions and whether the resident is adhering to the terms of their lease, as well as any potential safety hazards or potential causes of damage that could result in us incurring significant maintenance costs if left unaddressed. If a deficiency is identified by our in-house property maintenance associates, we endeavor to take prompt action to correct it. Investment and Asset Management Acquisition Strategy We have a disciplined acquisition platform that is capable of deploying capital from multiple capital sources, including our own balance sheet and joint ventures that we manage, across multiple acquisition channels and markets simultaneously. Our strategy primarily targets newly constructed homes via strategic relationships with homebuilders or built internally by ResiBuilt (as defined below) and, in certain cases, existing homes through portfolio acquisitions or, on a more limited basis, the MLS. Our markets were generally selected through a robust process utilizing an analysis of housing and rental market supply and demand fundamentals, macroeconomic and demographic trends, and risk-adjusted total return potential. Specifically, the process we use to select and, on an ongoing basis, evaluate our markets ranks these markets based on relative weightings of factors that include, but are not limited to, forecast population and employment growth, household formation, historical and forecast deliveries of new residential housing supply, size of the addressable market, volume of new and existing home sales, potential yields implied by the relationship between market rental rates and the price of single-family residential housing, forecast home price appreciation, and forecast rental rate growth. We have amassed significant scale within our 16 core markets. In these markets, our acquisition strategy has been, and will continue to be, focused on buying, renovating, and operating high quality single-family homes for lease that we believe will appeal to and attract a high quality resident base, that will experience robust long-term demand, and that will benefit from capital appreciation. In evaluating acquisition and development opportunities, we analyze numerous factors, including neighborhood desirability, proximity to employment centers, schools, and transportation corridors, community amenities, construction type, and required ongoing capital needs, among others. We target submarkets and neighborhoods in undersupplied high-growth markets and leverage our in-house acquisition, development, and operations teams local market expertise to acquire homes in desirable locations that we believe will experience sustainable rental demand and long-term value and home price appreciation. Our in-house teams are comprised of dedicated professionals located in our markets and at our corporate headquarters who provide strategic direction and broad oversight. The teams also have significant local market experience and expertise in single-family investments and sales, which enable us to perform neighborhood-level analysis and identify homes that meet our selection and underwriting criteria. As part of our selective and disciplined investment approach, we have analyzed and considered a far greater number of potential acquisitions than the number of homes we have actually acquired or will acquire upon completion of construction. We thus have access to a substantial volume of historical public market data and operational experience from which we can draw as we evaluate future acquisition and development opportunities in our markets. As a result of our large existing portfolio and volume of acquisitions to date, we believe we have a high degree of visibility into publicly available market data on rental rates and fixed and controllable operating expenses, which allows us to more accurately underwrite expected net yields of homes prior to acquisition. To identify investment opportunities, we engage with local market real estate brokers, homebuilders, and strategic third-party technology platforms. Within our markets, our approach allows us to screen broadly and rapidly to identify potential acquisitions in highly targeted submarkets at the neighborhood and street levels. Our in-house team of acquisition professionals coordinates with our in-house renovation, maintenance, and property management teams to ensure that feedback from historical acquisitions is shared across functions so that our ongoing investment activities are informed by, and benefit from, insight from prior experience. 12 Partnerships with Homebuilders We have increasingly leveraged strategic relationships with homebuilders to identify opportunities to purchase newly constructed homes. These partnerships allow us to meaningfully scale and expand our portfolio with single-family homes that are specifically designed to be leased by our target customer. Newly constructed homes offer several distinct advantages over legacy homes. From a cost perspective, these homes typically require significantly lower maintenance expenditures in the initial years of ownership. Additionally, new construction allows us to incorporate modern design features and amenities that align with current resident preferences, such as open floor plans, energy-efficient appliances, smart home technology, and updated finishes. Energy-efficient construction also benefits residents through lower utility costs, which may make our new homes more attractive to residents. We commission the construction of homes in high-demand areas that cater to the needs and preferences of our residents, contributing to the overall number of homes available in a supply-constrained environment. These contractual arrangements generally provide for periodic deposits from us to the homebuilders and scheduled delivery of homes over a specified period of time. Land Development and Construction On January 14, 2026, we acquired ResiBuilt Homes, LLC ( ResiBuilt ), a leading fee homebuilder specializing in single-family rental communities with expertise in land development and construction general contracting across high-growth Southeast markets. The acquisition is a natural extension of our business and supports our growth strategy by adding home building capabilities to our platform. By bringing land development and construction expertise in-house, we gain greater operational control over the development process, enhance cost efficiency, and strengthen our ability to execute on growth opportunities in strategically important markets. We believe this internal development capacity will support our long-term growth strategy by providing a reliable pipeline of purpose-built rental homes tailored to our operational and quality standards. Developer Lending Program In May 2025, we launched a developer lending program to selectively provide financing to experienced, successful, and relationship-driven homebuilders for the development of new single-family home communities that may serve as future acquisition opportunities. This initiative is intended to support the creation of new housing supply in markets with strong demand and to complement our traditional property acquisition strategy. Property Maintenance and Renovations We have an in-house team of dedicated associates located in our markets who oversee any required upfront property renovations and the ongoing maintenance of our homes, with support from centralized construction experts and infrastructure, including technology-enabled workflows. For newly constructed homes, which typically require no upfront renovation, this team is able to focus primarily on ongoing maintenance and resident service. The team works in collaboration with our in-house investment and property management teams to maximize the total return of our upfront investment and minimize ongoing maintenance costs. To this end, our professionals ensure the following are evaluated: the structural needs and major systems of a property (e.g., examining roofs, HVAC systems, and siding); other maintenance-reducing improvements and repairs (e.g., installing durable hard-surface flooring, removing carpet from high-traffic areas, and testing plumbing and pipes both in the home and out to the street); and the level of fit and finish required to maintain consistency with our brand standards and maximize rental demand (e.g., selecting cabinet and countertop finishes and appliances designed to improve resident demand). In general, before a previously owned home is acquired or first becomes vacant after acquisition, our in-house teams begin the renovation process by preparing a detailed renovation budget and scope of work based on an assessment of each property s major systems and structural features. These include HVAC, roofs, pools, and plumbing and electrical systems. In addition, we also evaluate other features of the home s fit and finish, including appliances, landscaping, decks and/or patios, and fixtures. During our initial assessment, we also determine the potential for, and potential return on, any value-additive upgrades that may reduce future operating costs or enhance rental demand and, by extension, our ability to realize more attractive rental, occupancy, or turnover rates. 13 We are able to drive cost efficiencies through oversight by our local associates of the entire process of renovating our homes. Each property s detailed budget and scope of work prepared by our in-house team of renovation professionals is reviewed and vetted by our operations teams, both locally and nationally, and in certain cases of work we contract directly, presented for bid to one or more of our pre-approved vendor partners in each of our markets. In the case of work for which we rely upon general contractors, we set prices based on the scope of work involved. By establishing and enforcing best practices and quality consistency, and through a constant process of evaluating and grading our vendor partners, we believe that we are able to reduce the costs of both materials and labor. For example, we have negotiated discounts and extended warranties for products that we regularly use during the renovation process, including appliances, HVAC systems and components, carpet and flooring, and paint, among others. We are also able to reduce general contractor fees by working directly with vendors. We believe this approach results in both a larger proportion of our upfront renovation expenditures going toward actual investment in our homes as well as lower overall expenditures than if we were to outsource all elements of vendor selection and oversight to third-party general contractors. Portfolio Optimization We maintain a sophisticated process to identify and efficiently dispose of homes that no longer fit our investment objectives and recycle capital into homes that better fit our long-term investment objectives. We believe our approach helps streamline the disposition process and minimize costs. By leveraging multiple distribution channels including bulk portfolio sales, our Resident First Look program (which facilitates home sales to our current residents), direct-to-market sales, and MLS we can facilitate efficient and well-targeted transactions. We believe the significant local density of our portfolio, which averages approximately 5,000 homes in each of our core markets as of December 31, 2025, allows us to selectively sell properties without sacrificing the operating efficiency of our concentrated scale. Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility As one of the nation s premier home leasing and management companies, we have an opportunity to make a profound impact through sustainability and corporate responsibility initiatives. We are committed to engaging with our communities to make meaningful and long-lasting impacts on those around us. We are dedicated to fostering a better way of living for our residents and empowering our associates to advance efforts that make our company more innovative and our processes more sustainable. We are committed to implementing programs that align with our values and reflect our dedication to providing a high-quality resident experience. We are equally dedicated to upholding the ethical standards and responsible business practices that are integral to our culture. We focus on ensuring that our residents live in high-quality homes and enjoy a worry-free leasing lifestyle, with access to professional services and Genuine CARE TM . Our scale enables us to offer enhanced services and exclusive offers that further improve the leasing experience. We value being part of the communities where we do business, and we recognize that the vitality of our business is directly linked to the vitality of the communities in which we operate. We also believe our business has a positive economic impact on the communities in which we operate, through improved neighborhoods that benefit from renovations to and ongoing maintenance of our homes, the value of our local teams living in and contributing to the local economy, the payment of real estate taxes, and the purchase of local goods and services. We are committed to incorporating sustainability and corporate responsibility considerations into our strategy, processes, and operations. Our board of directors maintains ultimate oversight of our sustainability strategy. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the board monitors and oversees our sustainability efforts, initiatives, and policies. Our executive leadership takes a hands-on role in furthering strategy and in ensuring that we are accurately following and reporting on corporate responsibility activities and outcomes. For information about our perspective on climate change see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Climate Change. 14 Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we had 1,725 dedicated full-time associates, which we supplement with temporary and contract resources as needed. None of our associates are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Associates are the backbone of our company, and we understand that nothing is accomplished without the day-to-day dedication of our invaluable teams. Whether they are front-line market associates who represent us each and every day with our residents or centralized team members who support the front line and strive to ensure the quality and consistency of our work, our associates are our greatest asset. From our focus on associates well-being, health, and safety to our support of a supportive and collaborative culture, we act with honesty, integrity, and respect. Our efforts aim to foster a workplace culture that values respect, opportunity, and belonging. We support fair access to opportunities through our hiring practices and are committed to fair practices that ensure a level playing field for all associates. The investment in our people is directly linked to our strategic business initiatives and measured by those outcomes. We value feedback from our associates, and we maintain a continuous listening associate survey tool, Dot to Dot. We continue to achieve high participation by our associates, with 74% of our associates sharing feedback at least once in 2025. This tool pro vides managers with actionable feedback on several key engagement dimensions. We believe meaningful actions based on associate feedback provided by the surveys have resulted, and will continue to result, in ongoing high engagement with our associates as evidenced by our strong associate Net Promoter Score of 47 at the end of 2025, compared to a benchmark of 29. In 2025 , we were recognized by Comparably for our company culture through several external awards, including Best Companies for Diversity and Best Companies for Women. We recognize the value of providing regular development opportunities for our associates that improve their capability to succeed in their current roles and achieve career growth to meet their aspirations. Growing People for Success is our fully integrated talent cycle that incorporates our performance and feedback process, career growth and development, and leadership behaviors model. We also conduct an annual mandatory compliance training campaign and offer a robust catalog of online learning and development videos designed to help associates build their skills. We are committed to accelerating the development of our leaders through various programs such as Leadership Foundations, Leading through Change, and our operations management training. These programs are designed to build capable and confident leaders that can lead and inspire in an ever-changing environment. In 2025 , we facilitated the third cohort of Peak, an immersive six-month leadership development program for 22 high potential leaders. We also host Spark, the next level leadership program focused on emerging leaders, on a biennial basis. In addition, we offer customized talent management solutions, including Stand Out assessments, leadership assimilations, team building activities, and more. We believe that competitive compensation and benefits are key drivers of associate attraction, retention, motivation, and engagement. Compensation is one component of our Total Value offering for Invitation Homes associates, and we strive to compensate associates fairly and consistently based on market rates for their roles, experience, and how they perform. We monitor our pay equity practices on an ongoing basis and consider pay equity dynamics when promoting internally and hiring externally. Sustaining pay equity is a key focus for us now and in the future. Another component of our Total Value offering for associates is our holistic wellness program, which is designed to enhance mental, physical, and financial well-being. Health and safety programs and processes are also vitally important to the wellbeing of our associates, and we conduct monthly safety training for our maintenance associates and a regular driving safety training for our fleet drivers. We strive to drive continuous improvement in our health and safety performance by maintaining high standards for our health and safety compliance programs and reinforcing expectations with respect to safe behaviors and safety rules. We endeavor to ensure that our associates are well-informed about health and safety measures and are provided with the appropriate equipment and tools to protect themselves and those around them. We continually monitor the number of work-related injuries per 100 associates in a one-year period. New incidents are reported and evaluated for corrective action, and through continuous investment in health and safety, we strive to mitigate the risk of on-the-job injuries. Our 2025 incident rate was 3.07, compared to 3.39 in both 2024 and 2023. Governance and Ethical Business Practices We strive every day to ensure that our actions result in value for the individuals and organizations that have chosen to invest in our company, and we take that responsibility very seriously. We believe that ethical business practices and good 15 governance promote the long-term interests of our stockholders, strengthen the board of directors and management accountability, and improve our standing as a trusted member of the communities we serve. We believe it is critically important to maintain a corporate culture that demands integrity and reflects our ethical values. We are committed to operating at the highest ethical level and serving as a responsible fiduciary for our stockholders. We exercise and maintain strong corporate governance practices, while integrating corporate responsibility and sustainability considerations into our decision-making processes. We maintain a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct ) that is applicable to all of our directors, officers, and associates. Our Code of Conduct drives our daily decisions, demonstrating our commitment to be a responsible corporate citizen and a good business partner, and our actions are guided by our company s core values. The Code of Conduct articulates these tenets and sets forth our principles, expectations, and guidelines for appropriate business behavior. Code of Conduct Our Code of Conduct is supported by companywide policies and programs and reinforced through annual associate training and acknowledgement. Honesty and integrity are essential in our daily interactions with residents, fellow associates, vendors, suppliers, and other stakeholders. Our Code of Conduct outlines these key principles, including policies on conflicts of interest, gifts and entertainment, fraud, sanctions, outside activities, political contributions, and bribery and corruption. Any associate who violates the requirements of the Code of Conduct, or any of our other policies, is subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination. Reporting Violations and Whistleblower Protection Our confidential compliance hotline is critical to our ethics and compliance program. The hotline is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year and is operated by a third-party compliance management provider, enabling automated and anonymous reporting. We have established a whistleblower policy, enabling associates to report concerns confidentially and anonymously. This policy includes comprehensive procedures for the receipt, retention, investigation, and treatment of reports. The reports are reviewed with our audit committee at meetings throughout the year. Our Code of Conduct provides that [n]either the Company, the Audit Committee nor any director, officer, employee, contractor, subcontractor or agent of the Company will, directly or indirectly, discharge, demote, suspend, threaten, harass or in any manner discriminate or retaliate against any person who, in good faith, makes a report to or otherwise assists the Audit Committee, management or any other person or group, including any governmental, regulatory or law enforcement body, in investigating a report. Vendor Practices We have adopted a Vendor Code of Conduct that extends our values to company vendors and highlights our commitment to ethical business practices, fair and safe labor conditions, the protection of human rights, sustainability, and regulatory compliance. This code defines the expectations we hold for our vendors to align with the standards we strive to uphold in every aspect of our operations. Risk and Insurance We maintain property, casualty, flood, and corporate-level insurance coverage related to our business, including general liability, business auto, umbrella, commercial crime, directors and officers liability, fiduciary liability, cyber liability, employment practices liability, and workers compensation insurance. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits under our insurance program are appropriate and adequate for our business and properties given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage, and industry practice. However, our insurance coverage is subject to deductibles and coverage exclusions, and we are self-insured up to the amount of such deductibles and exclusions. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Increasing property taxes, insurance costs, and HOA fees may negatively affect our financial results and We may suffer losses that are not covered by insurance. Systems and Technology Effective systems and technology are essential components of our business. To ensure scalability for continued growth of our portfolio of single-family homes for lease and our third-party management platform, we have made significant investments in processes and systems across leasing and property management, construction management, property and 16 corporate accounting, asset management, and data analysis. In addition to carefully monitoring our core platform, we consistently advance cloud-based digital technologies and the pragmatic use of AI to benefit both our residents and our associates. We offer choice, control, and engagement options to our prospective and existing residents by providing a mobile-responsive website, an iOS app, and an Android app. Prospective residents can browse homes available for lease, take virtual tours, request additional information, and apply to lease a specific home. Our existing residents have the added convenience of requesting maintenance services, paying rent, and learning about value-add services all from their digital platform of choice. Our associates are able to support and manage requests for critical functions such as leasing and maintenance through easy-to-use digital tools and AI services. Our system is designed to handle the core requirements of residential property accounting, including accounting for security deposits as well as payment of property-level expenses. The system also interfaces with our third-party resident screening vendors to expedite evaluations of prospective residents rental applications. Throughout our operations, we rely on technology systems that integrate with various third-party vendors, including their AI services. The failure of these systems or services to perform at subscribed levels could adversely impact our business. Taking a proactive approach and engaging with our third-party vendors about service delivery and implementing security risk management controls allow us to mitigate any potential negative impact on our business. For more information on the risks related to our use of technology and cybersecurity risk management, see Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Information Technology, Cybersecurity, and Data Protection Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information systems and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer and Part I. Item 1C. Cybersecurity . Competition We face competition from different sources in each of our primary activities: acquiring and leasing our properties and providing property and asset management services for single-family homes. We believe our competitors in acquiring or building homes for investment purposes are larger investors, including private equity funds and other REITs, that are seeking to capitalize on the same market opportunity that we have identified, and individual investors or small private investment partnerships, that are seeking investment properties that can either be leased or restored and sold. Our primary competitors in acquiring portfolios include large and small private equity investors, public and private REITs, and other sizable private institutional investors. These same competitors may also compete with us for residents and may provide property and asset management services similar to those that we provide. Competition may increase the prices for properties that we would like to purchase, reduce the amount of rent we may charge for our properties, reduce the occupancy of our portfolio, and adversely impact our ability to achieve attractive total returns. However, we believe that our acquisition and development platform, our extensive in-market property operations infrastructure, and local expertise in our markets currently provide us with competitive advantages. In addition, federal, state, and local regulatory developments, including executive actions and proposed federal and state legislation aimed at limiting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes, may affect the competitive dynamics in our markets by imposing requirements or restrictions that apply differently to various categories of market participants. To the extent these developments disproportionately affect institutional owners, including us, or advantage other categories of investors, such as individual investors and smaller partnerships who may fall outside regulatory definitions, our ability to compete for acquisitions, residents, or capital on favorable terms could be adversely affected. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Executive actions and proposed federal and state legislation or regulations aimed at limiting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes could materially adversely affect our business, growth strategy, and results of operations . Inflation and Macroeconomic Conditions Inflation primarily impacts our results of operations in the form of increased repair and maintenance and other costs and wage pressures. Inflation could also impact our cost of capital as a result of changing interest rates on variable rate debt that is not hedged or if our debt instruments are refinanced in a high-inflation environment. Our resident leases typically have a term of one to two years, which generally enables us to compensate for inflationary effects by increasing rents on our homes to current market rates. Although an extreme or sustained escalation in costs could have a negative impact on our residents 17 and their ability to absorb rent increases, we do not believe this had a material impact on our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2025. Additionally, increased interest rates, political dissension, and fluctuating global and United States economic conditions, geopolitical tensions, and other factors that are beyond our control could negatively affect our business and financial condition. Mandated and proposed tariffs to be imposed by the United States on imports from certain countries and potential counter-tariffs in response could lead to increased costs and supply chain disruptions. If we are not able to navigate any such changes, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, as well as on the price of our common stock. Seasonality Our business and related operating results have been, and we believe will continue to be, impacted by seasonal factors throughout the year. In particular, we have experienced higher levels of resident move-outs during the summer months, which impacts both our rental revenues and related turnover costs. Further, our property operating costs are seasonally impacted in certain markets by increases in expenses such as HVAC repairs and costs to re-resident during the summer season. Regulation General Our business operations and properties are subject to various federal, state, and local laws, regulations, ordinances, and rules, as well as covenants, some of which may conflict with one another or have limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. We seek to comply in all material respects with such laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, and covenants, and we also require that our residents agree to do the same under their leases with us. In light of continuing federal, state, and local attention on housing supply and availability, there is considerable uncertainty regarding how executive actions, policy initiatives, and potential legislation, along with existing laws, judicial orders, and regulatory frameworks, could affect large institutional investors in single-family rental markets. In addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing residential housing supply and availability have received increased attention at the federal, state, and local levels. This focus has included heightened public and governmental scrutiny of institutional investment in the single-family rental housing market, as well as discussion of potential measures that could affect the acquisition, ownership, or operation of residential rental properties. As this policy landscape continues to evolve, we remain committed to working constructively with policymakers at all levels to support housing supply and availability, and we believe that well-managed, professionally operated rental housing serves an important role in expanding access to quality homes for American families. Fair Housing Act The Fair Housing Act ( FHA ) and its state law counterparts and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and various state agencies prohibit discrimination in housing on the basis of race or color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status (including children under the age of 18 living with parents or legal custodians, pregnant women, and people in the process of adopting a child or securing custody of children under the age of 18), disability or, in some states, financial capability and veteran status, among other protected classes. We train our associates on a regular basis regarding such laws and regulations and we believe that our properties are in substantial compliance with the FHA and other such regulations. 18 Municipal Regulations and Homeowners Associations Our properties are subject to various municipal regulations and orders, and county and city ordinances, including without limitation, use, operation and maintenance of our properties. Certain of our properties are subject to the rules of the various HOAs where such properties are located. HOA rules and regulations are commonly referred to as covenants, conditions and restrictions, or CC Rs, and typically consist of various restrictions or guidelines regarding use and maintenance of the property, including, among others, landscaping standards, noise restrictions, or guidelines as to how many cars may be parked on the property. Broker Licensure We own internal brokerages to serve the states in which we operate and utilize in-market leasing experience specialists to drive an end-to-end resident experience that achieves our occupancy, revenue, and retention goals while facilitating enjoyment of a worry-free leasing lifestyle. Our internal brokerages are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations that govern the licensure of real estate agents and brokers and affiliate brokers and set forth standards for, and prohibitions on, the conduct of real estate brokers. Such standards and prohibitions include, among others, those relating to fiduciary and agency duties, administration of trust funds, collection of commissions, and advertising and consumer disclosures, as well as compliance with federal, state, and local laws and programs for providing housing to low-income families. Under applicable state law, we generally have a duty to supervise and are responsible for the conduct of our internal brokerages. Environmental Matters As a current or prior owner of real estate, we are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental laws, regulations, and ordinances, and we could be liable to third parties as a result of environmental contamination or noncompliance at our properties, even if we no longer own such properties. We are not aware of any environmental matters that would have a material adverse effect on our financial position. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Related Risks Contingent or unknown liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. Residential Housing Legislation and Regulations Legislative and regulatory efforts across the United States have increasingly focused on addressing the shortage of residential housing and the rising cost of living. In response, some states and local jurisdictions have introduced or enacted regulations that may limit landlords ability to acquire, own or operate single-family residential properties, screen applicants, increase rents, recover possession of properties, process evictions, terminate leases, or otherwise manage single-family residential rental portfolios. In addition, there has been increased public and governmental scrutiny of institutional investment in single-family rental housing. Certain policymakers, including the President of the United States, have publicly called for congressional action to limit or restrict the ability of large or institutional investors to purchase and own single-family homes. Proposals under discussion could include limitations on acquisitions, increased taxes or fees, enhanced disclosure or reporting requirements, or other restrictions applicable to institutional owners of residential rental housing. As noted above, we remain committed to engaging constructively with policymakers at all levels of government to support housing supply and availability, and we believe our operations contribute positively to meeting the housing needs of American families. We are closely monitoring developments related to these legislative and regulatory initiatives at the federal, state, and local levels. The timing and outcome of specific proposals or policies remain uncertain, as do their potential impacts on our operations. Laws and Regulations Regarding Privacy and Data Protection We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that involve matters such as privacy, data protection, content, consumer protection, and other matters. These regulations include laws requiring holders of personal data to maintain safeguards and to take certain actions in response to a data breach. Data privacy and security at the state level remains an evolving landscape. We endeavor to comply with privacy laws and regulations applicable to us. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ( CCPA ), which came into effect on January 1, 2020, as amended by the California Privacy 19 Rights Act ( CPRA ), which became effective on January 1, 2023, governs the collection, use, disclosure, and security of information about California residents. It also requires us to, among other things, provide certain disclosures to California residents, promptly respond to certain consumer requests related to their data, and contractually impose certain obligations on vendors. Other states in the United States have either passed, proposed, or are considering similar laws and regulations to the CCPA and CPRA (such as the Nevada Privacy of Information Collected on the Internet from Consumers Act, which became effective on October 1, 2021, the Colorado Privacy Act and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, which both became effective in 2023, and the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, which became effective on July 1, 2024) which could impose similarly significant operational and legal obligations, potential liabilities and costs. Such laws and regulations are expected to vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, thus further increasing costs, operational and legal burdens, and the potential for liability on regulated entities. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Information Technology, Cybersecurity, and Data Protection Our business is subject to laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, consumer protection, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, or otherwise harm our business. REIT Qualification We have elected to qualify as a REIT for United States federal income tax purposes. So long as we qualify as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to United States federal income tax on net taxable income that we distribute annually to our stockholders. To qualify as a REIT for United States federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the real estate qualification of sources of our income, the composition and values of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders, and the diversity of ownership of our stock. To comply with REIT requirements, we may need to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities and limit our expansion opportunities and the manner in which we conduct our operations. Website and Availability of SEC filings We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. We maintain an internet site at INVH.com, where we make our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act available free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our website and the information contained on or through that site are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We use our website INVH.com as a channel of distribution of material company information. For example, financial and other material information regarding our company is routinely posted on and accessible at INVH.com. Accordingly, investors should monitor the website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about Invitation Homes when you enroll your email address in the receive investor email alerts section at INVH.com. The contents of our website and social media channels are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are not incorporated by reference herein. 20 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risk factors noted in this section and other factors noted throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, describe certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement and should be considered carefully in evaluating our company and our business. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Risks Related to Our Business Environment and Industry Our operating results are subject to general economic conditions and risks associated with our real estate assets. Our operating results are subject to risks generally incident to the ownership and rental of residential real estate, many of which are beyond our control, including, without limitation: fluctuating global and United States economic conditions, uncertainty in financial markets, and geopolitical tensions; liquidity constraints affecting financial institutions; changes in national, regional, or local economic, demographic, or real estate market conditions; changes in job markets and employment levels on a national, regional, and local basis; declines in the value of residential real estate; overall conditions in the housing market, including: executive actions and proposed federal and state legislation or regulations aimed at limiting institutional institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes; macroeconomic shifts in demand for rental homes; inability to lease or re-lease homes to residents on a timely basis, on attractive terms or at all; failure of residents to pay rent when due or otherwise perform their lease obligations; unanticipated repairs, capital expenditures, weather related damages, or other costs; uninsured damages; and increases in property taxes, HOA fees, and insurance costs; level of competition for suitable rental homes; terms and conditions of purchase contracts; costs and time period required to convert acquisitions to rental homes; changes in the terms or availability of financing that may render the acquisition of any homes difficult or unattractive; the liquidity of real estate investments, generally; the short-term nature of most residential leases and the costs and potential delays in re-leasing; changes in laws and regulations, including those that increase operating expenses or limit our ability to increase rental rates. See Legal and Regulatory Related Risks Eviction, tenant rights, rent control, and rent stabilization laws, and other similar laws and/or regulations that limit our ability to collect rent, enforce remedies for failure to pay rent, or increase rental rates may negatively impact our rental income and profitability ; the impact of potential reforms relating to government-sponsored enterprises involved in the home finance and mortgage markets; 21 rules, regulations and/or policy initiatives by government and private actors, including HOAs, to discourage or restrict the purchase or operation of single-family properties by entities owned or controlled by institutional investors; the potential effects of climate change, related regulatory policies, legislation, and/or investor responses and expectations, and the transition to a lower-carbon economy; disputes and potential negative publicity in connection with eviction proceedings; construction of new supply; costs resulting from the clean-up of, and liability to third parties for damages resulting from, environmental problems, such as indoor mold; fraud by borrowers, originators, and/or sellers of secured debt; undetected deficiencies and/or inaccuracies in underlying mortgage loan documentation and calculations; casualty or condemnation losses; the geographic mix of our properties; the cost, quality, and condition of the properties we are able to acquire; our development activities which expose us to execution, integration, cost, regulatory, permitting, and land acquisition risks, as well as potential delays, construction challenges, and lower-than-expected returns; our developer lending program which exposes us to heightened credit, construction, valuation, and execution risks that could result in cost overruns, project delays, insufficient collateral value, or loan losses; and our ability to provide adequate management, maintenance, and insurance. Any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Many factors impact the single-family rental market; and if rents in our markets do not increase sufficiently to keep pace with rising costs of operations, our income and distributable cash could decline. The success of our business model depends, in part, on conditions in the single-family rental market in which we operate. One of the possible impacts on our results of operations and key operating metrics due to limitations on our ability to increase rental rates could be a decrease in gross rental revenues and other property income. In addition, executive actions and federal and state legislative, regulatory, or policy initiatives, particularly those focused on institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes, could limit our ability to acquire properties, impose additional compliance or operating requirements, or constrain pricing flexibility in certain markets. Our investment strategy is based on assumptions about occupancy levels, rental rates, interest rates, and other factors; and if those assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our cash flows may be reduced. Multiple economic and demographic factors may contribute to increases or decreases in homeownership rates resulting in fluctuating rental rates and average occupancy levels. Revenues earned from our property and asset management services are sensitive to macroeconomic conditions that negatively impact rent collections and the performance of the properties we manage. In addition, we expect that if investors like us increasingly seek to capitalize on opportunities to purchase housing assets and convert them to productive uses, competition in the market for the supply of single-family rental properties may increase and could result in a higher cost to acquire those properties. A softening of the rental market in our core areas would reduce our rental revenue and profitability. Inflation and other macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our business and financial results. General economic conditions in the United States have continued to fluctuate in recent quarters, and concerns persist regarding adverse macroeconomic conditions, such as fluctuating global and United States economic conditions (including interest rate volatility, political dissension, and labor market conditions). While inflationary pressures have moderated from prior peaks, they remain above historical norms and have adversely affected us by increasing the costs of products, materials, and labor needed to operate our business and could continue to adversely affect us in future periods. The effects of inflation on our financial condition and results of operations over the past few years are primarily related to increased operating costs for the procurement of goods and services, compensation of our associates, including benefits, and financing costs in the form 22 of interest expense. Continued inflationary pressures could have a material impact on our results of operations in the future. In an inflationary environment, we may not be able to raise rents sufficiently to keep up with the rate of inflation. High levels of inflation may also negatively impact consumer income and spending, among other factors, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Actions by the government to stimulate the economy may increase the risk of significant inflation, which may also have an adverse impact on our business or financial results. Additionally, volatility in the financial markets and elevated interest rates could affect our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we desire, or need, to do so which could have an impact on our flexibility to pursue additional growth opportunities and maintain our desired level of revenue growth in the future. Mandated and proposed tariffs to be imposed by the United States on imports from certain countries and potential counter-tariffs in response could lead to increased costs and supply chain disruptions. If we are not able to navigate any such changes, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, as well as on the price of our common stock. Increasing property taxes, insurance costs, and HOA fees may negatively affect our financial results. As a result of our substantial real estate holdings, the cost of property taxes and insuring our properties is a significant component of our expenses. Our properties are subject to real and personal property taxes that may increase as tax rates change and as the real properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. As the owner of our properties, we are responsible for payment of the taxes to the applicable government authorities. If real property taxes increase, our expenses will increase. If we fail to pay any such taxes, the applicable taxing authority may place a lien on the real property and the real property may be subject to a tax sale. Current and potential impacts of climate change along with the increased risk of extreme weather events and natural disasters have caused significant increases in our property insurance premiums and may adversely affect the availability and terms of coverage in the future. See Risks Related to our Business and Operations We may suffer losses that are not covered by insurance. Additionally, social inflation caused the cost of general liability claims to rise at a rate above general economic inflation, primarily due to a trend in increasing litigation costs related to unpredictable jury verdicts for plaintiffs seeking large monetary relief for their injuries. In general, these factors have put pressure on insurance premiums and made it more challenging to obtain appropriate insurance coverage at reasonable rates without the assumption of increasingly higher levels of self-retained risk. In addition, a significant portion of our properties are located within HOAs, and we are subject to HOA rules and regulations. HOAs have the power to increase monthly charges and make assessments for capital improvements and common area repairs and maintenance. Property taxes, insurance costs, and HOA fees may be subject to significant increases, which can be outside of our control. If the costs associated with property taxes, insurance, or HOA fees and assessments rise significantly and we are unable to increase rental rates due to current market conditions, rent control laws, or other regulations to offset such increases, our results of operations would be negatively affected. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows may be adversely affected by pandemics and outbreaks of infectious disease. A significant outbreak of infectious disease, medical epidemic, or a pandemic may result in a widespread health crisis and may lead to an economic downturn that could negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. To the extent our current or prospective residents experience unemployment, deteriorating financial conditions, and declines in household income, resulting from medical epidemics or pandemics, they may be unwilling or unable to pay rent in full on a timely basis or renew or enter into new leases for our homes, and our revenues and operating results could be negatively affected. Measures put in place in response to a pandemic such as temporary eviction moratoriums if certain criteria are met by residents, deferral of missed rent payments without incurring late fees, and restrictions on rent increases may impose restrictions on our ability to enforce residents contractual rental obligations and limit our ability to collect and increase rents. 23 The resulting impact from a future pandemic or outbreak of infectious disease on rental revenues and other property income could impact our ability to make all required debt service payments and to continue paying dividends to our stockholders at expected levels or at all. Additionally, the lingering impact of a pandemic and related containment measures may interfere with the ability of our suppliers and other business partners to carry out their assigned tasks or supply materials, products, services, or funding (in the case of our revolving credit facility) at ordinary levels of performance relative to the conduct of our business. A general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions resulting from a pandemic could adversely affect (1) our ability to build, acquire, or dispose of single-family homes on terms that are attractive or at all and (2) the value of our homes and our business such that we may recognize impairment on the carrying value of our investments in single-family residential properties and other assets subject to impairment review, including, but not limited to, goodwill. An economic downturn resulting from a pandemic, and a disruption of, and/or instability in, the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect our access to capital necessary to fund business operations, including construction and acquisitions, or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis. Disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or similar widespread public health concerns and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming therefrom, as well as reactions to future pandemics, could also precipitate or aggravate the other risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Related to our Business and Operations We may not be able to effectively manage our growth, and any failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. We have grown rapidly, assembling a portfolio of 86,192 owned homes as of December 31, 2025, providing property and asset management services to portfolio owners of single-family residential properties, and beginning to construct homes for ourselves and third parties. Our future operating results may depend on our ability to effectively manage our growth, which is dependent, in part, upon our ability to: stabilize and manage an increasing number of properties and resident relationships across our geographically dispersed portfolio while maintaining a high level of resident satisfaction and building and enhancing our brand; identify and supervise a number of suitable third parties on which we rely to provide certain services outside of property management to our properties; attract, integrate, and retain new management and operations associates; and continue to improve our operational and financial controls and reporting procedures and systems. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to manage our properties or grow our business efficiently or effectively, or without incurring significant additional expenses. Any failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. A significant portion of our costs and expenses are fixed, and we may not be able to adapt our cost structure to offset declines in our revenue. Many of the expenses associated with our business, such as property taxes, insurance, HOA fees, utilities, construction, acquisition, renovation and maintenance costs, and other general corporate expenses are relatively inflexible and will not necessarily decrease with a reduction in revenue from our business. Some components of our fixed assets depreciate more rapidly and require ongoing capital expenditures. Our expenses and ongoing capital expenditures are also affected by continued inflationary pressures, and certain of our cost increases may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period or market. Our rental income is affected by many factors beyond our control, such as the availability of alternative rental housing and economic conditions in our markets. In addition, state and local regulations may require us to maintain properties that we own, even if the cost of maintenance is greater than the value of the property or any potential benefit from renting the property, or pass regulations that limit our ability to increase rental rates. As a result, we may not be able to fully offset rising 24 costs and capital spending by increasing rental rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash available for distribution. We recorded net losses in the past and we may experience net losses in the future. We have recorded consolidated net losses in the past. These net losses were inclusive in each