=== INVH_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risk factors noted in this section and other factors noted throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, describe certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement and should be considered carefully in evaluating our company and our business. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Risks Related to Our Business Environment and Industry Our operating results are subject to general economic conditions and risks associated with our real estate assets. Our operating results are subject to risks generally incident to the ownership and rental of residential real estate, many of which are beyond our control, including, without limitation: • fluctuating global and United States economic conditions, uncertainty in financial markets, and geopolitical tensions; • liquidity constraints affecting financial institutions; • changes in national, regional, or local economic, demographic, or real estate market conditions; • changes in job markets and employment levels on a national, regional, and local basis; • declines in the value of residential real estate; • overall conditions in the housing market, including: • executive actions and proposed federal and state legislation or regulations aimed at limiting institutional institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes; • macroeconomic shifts in demand for rental homes; • inability to lease or re-lease homes to residents on a timely basis, on attractive terms or at all; • failure of residents to pay rent when due or otherwise perform their lease obligations; • unanticipated repairs, capital expenditures, weather related damages, or other costs; • uninsured damages; and • increases in property taxes, HOA fees, and insurance costs; • level of competition for suitable rental homes; • terms and conditions of purchase contracts; • costs and time period required to convert acquisitions to rental homes; • changes in the terms or availability of financing that may render the acquisition of any homes difficult or unattractive; • the liquidity of real estate investments, generally; • the short-term nature of most residential leases and the costs and potential delays in re-leasing; • changes in laws and regulations, including those that increase operating expenses or limit our ability to increase rental rates. See “Legal and Regulatory Related Risks — Eviction, tenant rights, rent control, and rent stabilization laws, and other similar laws and/or regulations that limit our ability to collect rent, enforce remedies for failure to pay rent, or increase rental rates may negatively impact our rental income and profitability ; ” • the impact of potential reforms relating to government-sponsored enterprises involved in the home finance and mortgage markets; 21 • rules, regulations and/or policy initiatives by government and private actors, including HOAs, to discourage or restrict the purchase or operation of single-family properties by entities owned or controlled by institutional investors; • the potential effects of climate change, related regulatory policies, legislation, and/or investor responses and expectations, and the transition to a lower-carbon economy; • disputes and potential negative publicity in connection with eviction proceedings; • construction of new supply; • costs resulting from the clean-up of, and liability to third parties for damages resulting from, environmental problems, such as indoor mold; • fraud by borrowers, originators, and/or sellers of secured debt; • undetected deficiencies and/or inaccuracies in underlying mortgage loan documentation and calculations; • casualty or condemnation losses; • the geographic mix of our properties; • the cost, quality, and condition of the properties we are able to acquire; • our development activities which expose us to execution, integration, cost, regulatory, permitting, and land acquisition risks, as well as potential delays, construction challenges, and lower-than-expected returns; • our developer lending program which exposes us to heightened credit, construction, valuation, and execution risks that could result in cost overruns, project delays, insufficient collateral value, or loan losses; and • our ability to provide adequate management, maintenance, and insurance. Any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Many factors impact the single-family rental market; and if rents in our markets do not increase sufficiently to keep pace with rising costs of operations, our income and distributable cash could decline. The success of our business model depends, in part, on conditions in the single-family rental market in which we operate. One of the possible impacts on our results of operations and key operating metrics due to limitations on our ability to increase rental rates could be a decrease in gross rental revenues and other property income. In addition, executive actions and federal and state legislative, regulatory, or policy initiatives, particularly those focused on institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes, could limit our ability to acquire properties, impose additional compliance or operating requirements, or constrain pricing flexibility in certain markets. Our investment strategy is based on assumptions about occupancy levels, rental rates, interest rates, and other factors; and if those assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our cash flows may be reduced. Multiple economic and demographic factors may contribute to increases or decreases in homeownership rates resulting in fluctuating rental rates and average occupancy levels. Revenues earned from our property and asset management services are sensitive to macroeconomic conditions that negatively impact rent collections and the performance of the properties we manage. In addition, we expect that if investors like us increasingly seek to capitalize on opportunities to purchase housing assets and convert them to productive uses, competition in the market for the supply of single-family rental properties may increase and could result in a higher cost to acquire those properties. A softening of the rental market in our core areas would reduce our rental revenue and profitability. Inflation and other macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our business and financial results. General economic conditions in the United States have continued to fluctuate in recent quarters, and concerns persist regarding adverse macroeconomic conditions, such as fluctuating global and United States economic conditions (including interest rate volatility, political dissension, and labor market conditions). While inflationary pressures have moderated from prior peaks, they remain above historical norms and have adversely affected us by increasing the costs of products, materials, and labor needed to operate our business and could continue to adversely affect us in future periods. The effects of inflation on our financial condition and results of operations over the past few years are primarily related to increased operating costs for the procurement of goods and services, compensation of our associates, including benefits, and financing costs in the form 22 of interest expense. Continued inflationary pressures could have a material impact on our results of operations in the future. In an inflationary environment, we may not be able to raise rents sufficiently to keep up with the rate of inflation. High levels of inflation may also negatively impact consumer income and spending, among other factors, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Actions by the government to stimulate the economy may increase the risk of significant inflation, which may also have an adverse impact on our business or financial results. Additionally, volatility in the financial markets and elevated interest rates could affect our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we desire, or need, to do so which could have an impact on our flexibility to pursue additional growth opportunities and maintain our desired level of revenue growth in the future. Mandated and proposed tariffs to be imposed by the United States on imports from certain countries and potential counter-tariffs in response could lead to increased costs and supply chain disruptions. If we are not able to navigate any such changes, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, as well as on the price of our common stock. Increasing property taxes, insurance costs, and HOA fees may negatively affect our financial results. As a result of our substantial real estate holdings, the cost of property taxes and insuring our properties is a significant component of our expenses. Our properties are subject to real and personal property taxes that may increase as tax rates change and as the real properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. As the owner of our properties, we are responsible for payment of the taxes to the applicable government authorities. If real property taxes increase, our expenses will increase. If we fail to pay any such taxes, the applicable taxing authority may place a lien on the real property and the real property may be subject to a tax sale. Current and potential impacts of climate change along with the increased risk of extreme weather events and natural disasters have caused significant increases in our property insurance premiums and may adversely affect the availability and terms of coverage in the future. See “Risks Related to our Business and Operations — We may suffer losses that are not covered by insurance. ” Additionally, “social inflation” caused the cost of general liability claims to rise at a rate above general economic inflation, primarily due to a trend in increasing litigation costs related to unpredictable jury verdicts for plaintiffs seeking large monetary relief for their injuries. In general, these factors have put pressure on insurance premiums and made it more challenging to obtain appropriate insurance coverage at reasonable rates without the assumption of increasingly higher levels of self-retained risk. In addition, a significant portion of our properties are located within HOAs, and we are subject to HOA rules and regulations. HOAs have the power to increase monthly charges and make assessments for capital improvements and common area repairs and maintenance. Property taxes, insurance costs, and HOA fees may be subject to significant increases, which can be outside of our control. If the costs associated with property taxes, insurance, or HOA fees and assessments rise significantly and we are unable to increase rental rates due to current market conditions, rent control laws, or other regulations to offset such increases, our results of operations would be negatively affected. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows may be adversely affected by pandemics and outbreaks of infectious disease. A significant outbreak of infectious disease, medical epidemic, or a pandemic may result in a widespread health crisis and may lead to an economic downturn that could negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. To the extent our current or prospective residents experience unemployment, deteriorating financial conditions, and declines in household income, resulting from medical epidemics or pandemics, they may be unwilling or unable to pay rent in full on a timely basis or renew or enter into new leases for our homes, and our revenues and operating results could be negatively affected. Measures put in place in response to a pandemic such as temporary eviction moratoriums if certain criteria are met by residents, deferral of missed rent payments without incurring late fees, and restrictions on rent increases may impose restrictions on our ability to enforce residents’ contractual rental obligations and limit our ability to collect and increase rents. 23 The resulting impact from a future pandemic or outbreak of infectious disease on rental revenues and other property income could impact our ability to make all required debt service payments and to continue paying dividends to our stockholders at expected levels or at all. Additionally, the lingering impact of a pandemic and related containment measures may interfere with the ability of our suppliers and other business partners to carry out their assigned tasks or supply materials, products, services, or funding (in the case of our revolving credit facility) at ordinary levels of performance relative to the conduct of our business. A general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions resulting from a pandemic could adversely affect (1) our ability to build, acquire, or dispose of single-family homes on terms that are attractive or at all and (2) the value of our homes and our business such that we may recognize impairment on the carrying value of our investments in single-family residential properties and other assets subject to impairment review, including, but not limited to, goodwill. An economic downturn resulting from a pandemic, and a disruption of, and/or instability in, the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect our access to capital necessary to fund business operations, including construction and acquisitions, or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis. Disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or similar widespread public health concerns and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming therefrom, as well as reactions to future pandemics, could also precipitate or aggravate the other risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Related to our Business and Operations We may not be able to effectively manage our growth, and any failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. We have grown rapidly, assembling a portfolio of 86,192 owned homes as of December 31, 2025, providing property and asset management services to portfolio owners of single-family residential properties, and beginning to construct homes for ourselves and third parties. Our future operating results may depend on our ability to effectively manage our growth, which is dependent, in part, upon our ability to: • stabilize and manage an increasing number of properties and resident relationships across our geographically dispersed portfolio while maintaining a high level of resident satisfaction and building and enhancing our brand; • identify and supervise a number of suitable third parties on which we rely to provide certain services outside of property management to our properties; • attract, integrate, and retain new management and operations associates; and • continue to improve our operational and financial controls and reporting procedures and systems. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to manage our properties or grow our business efficiently or effectively, or without incurring significant additional expenses. Any failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. A significant portion of our costs and expenses are fixed, and we may not be able to adapt our cost structure to offset declines in our revenue. Many of the expenses associated with our business, such as property taxes, insurance, HOA fees, utilities, construction, acquisition, renovation and maintenance costs, and other general corporate expenses are relatively inflexible and will not necessarily decrease with a reduction in revenue from our business. Some components of our fixed assets depreciate more rapidly and require ongoing capital expenditures. Our expenses and ongoing capital expenditures are also affected by continued inflationary pressures, and certain of our cost increases may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period or market. Our rental income is affected by many factors beyond our control, such as the availability of alternative rental housing and economic conditions in our markets. In addition, state and local regulations may require us to maintain properties that we own, even if the cost of maintenance is greater than the value of the property or any potential benefit from renting the property, or pass regulations that limit our ability to increase rental rates. As a result, we may not be able to fully offset rising 24 costs and capital spending by increasing rental rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash available for distribution. We recorded net losses in the past and we may experience net losses in the future. We have recorded consolidated net losses in the past. These net losses were inclusive in each period of significant non-cash charges, consisting primarily of depreciation and amortization expense. We expect such non-cash charges to continue to be significant in future periods and, as a result, we may record net losses in future periods. We are dependent on our executive officers and dedicated associates, and the departure of any of our key associates could materially and adversely affect us. We also face intense competition for the employment of highly skilled managerial, investment, financial, and operational associates. Additionally, our results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover, and labor cost increases. We rely on a small number of persons to carry out our business and investment strategies, and the loss of the services of any of our key management associates, or our inability to recruit and retain qualified associates in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, the implementation of our business plan may require that we employ additional qualified associates. Competition for highly skilled managerial, investment, financial, and operational associates is intense. As additional large real estate investors enter into and expand their scale within the single-family rental business, we have faced increased challenges in hiring and retaining associates, and we cannot assure our stockholders that we will be successful in attracting and retaining such skilled associates. If we are unable to hire and retain qualified associates as required, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, persisting inflation, changing demographics, and changes in employment legislation. High unemployment levels and federal unemployment subsidies may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increased labor costs. In addition, we continue to experience disruptions from workforce turnover due to a scarcity of talent, as businesses compete for personnel, and rising labor costs. Many of our positions require specialized skill sets resulting in a longer than average time period to fill vacant positions. We are also experiencing and may continue to experience additional pressure due to labor shortages associated with the impact of continued elevated demand. If we are unable to retain qualified associates or our labor costs increase significantly, our business operations and our financial performance could be adversely impacted. Our investments are and may continue to be concentrated in our markets and in the single-family properties sector of the real estate industry, which exposes us to seasonal fluctuations in rental demand and downturns in our markets or in the single-family properties sector. Our investments in real estate assets and the investments we manage on behalf of others are and may continue to be concentrated in our markets and in the single-family properties sector of the real estate industry. A downturn or slowdown in the rental demand for single-family housing caused by adverse economic, regulatory, or environmental conditions, or other events, in our markets may have a greater impact on the value of our owned and managed properties or our operating results than if we had more fully diversified our investments. We believe that there are seasonal fluctuations in rental demand with demand higher in the spring and summer than in the late fall and winter. Such seasonal fluctuations may impact our operating results. 25 In addition to global and United States economic conditions, our operating performance will be impacted by the economic conditions in our markets. We base a substantial part of our business plan on our belief that property values and operating fundamentals for single-family properties in our markets will continue to improve over the near to intermediate term. However, these markets have experienced substantial economic downturns in the past and could experience similar or worse economic downturns in the future. We can provide no assurance as to the extent property values and operating fundamentals in these markets will improve, if at all. If an economic downturn in these markets occurs or if we fail to accurately predict the timing of economic improvement in these markets, the value of our properties could decline and our ability to execute our business plan may be adversely affected to a greater extent than if we owned and managed real estate portfolios that were more geographically diversified, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and ability to make distributions to our stockholders and cause the value of our common stock to decline. We may not be able to effectively control the timing and costs relating to the renovation and maintenance of our properties, which may adversely affect our operating results and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Most of our properties require some level of renovation either immediately upon their acquisition or in the future following expiration of a lease or otherwise. We may acquire properties that we plan to renovate extensively. We may also acquire properties that we expect to be in good condition only to discover unforeseen defects and problems that require extensive renovation and capital expenditures. To the extent properties are leased to existing residents, renovations may be postponed until the resident vacates the premises at which time the costs of renovating will be incurred. In addition, from time to time, we may perform ongoing maintenance or make ongoing capital improvements and replacements and perform significant renovations and repairs that resident deposits and insurance may not cover. Because the portfolio of homes we own and manage consists of geographically dispersed properties, our ability to adequately monitor or manage any such renovations or maintenance may be more limited or subject to greater inefficiencies than if our properties were more geographically concentrated. Our properties have infrastructure and appliances of varying ages and conditions. Consequently, we routinely retain independent contractors and trade professionals to perform physical repair work and are exposed to all of the risks inherent in property renovation and maintenance, including potential cost overruns, increases in labor and materials costs, delays by contractors in completing work, delays in the timing of receiving necessary work permits, delays in receiving materials, fixtures, or appliances, certificates of occupancy, and poor workmanship. Labor shortages and supply chain disruptions, among other challenges, continue to affect the ability of our associates, suppliers, and other business partners to carry out their assigned tasks, provide services, or supply materials at ordinary levels of performance relative to the conduct of our business. In addition, we are experiencing disruptions from workforce turnover, affecting the renovation and maintenance of our properties, as businesses emerging from the pandemic compete for personnel. Many of our positions require specialized skill sets resulting in a longer than average time period to fill position vacancies. If our assumptions regarding the costs or timing of renovation and maintenance across our properties prove to be materially inaccurate, our operating results and ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. We face significant competition in the leasing market for quality residents, which may limit our ability to lease the single-family homes we own and manage on favorable terms. We depend on rental income from residents for substantially all of our revenues. As a result, our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified residents for our owned and managed properties. We face competition for residents from other lessors of single-family properties, apartment buildings, and condominium units. Competing properties may be newer, better located, and more attractive to residents. Potential competitors may have lower rates of occupancy than we do or may have superior access to capital and other resources, which may result in competing owners more easily locating residents and leasing available housing at lower rental rates than we might offer at our homes. Many of these competitors may successfully attract residents with better incentives and amenities, which could adversely affect our ability to obtain quality residents and lease our single-family properties on favorable terms. Additionally, we may fail to receive certain government subsidies or assistance that we have received in the past, and federal and state legislative or regulatory initiatives could limit or restrict the availability of such subsidies or assistance for our properties, while some competing housing options may qualify for such government subsidies or assistance, which could make the properties of our competitors more accessible and attractive to potential residents than our properties. This competition may affect our ability to attract and retain residents and may reduce the rental rates we are able to charge. 26 In addition, increases in unemployment levels and other adverse changes in economic conditions in our markets may adversely affect the creditworthiness of potential residents, which may decrease the overall number of qualified residents for our properties within such markets. Fluctuating global and United States economic conditions, uncertainty in financial markets, and elevated interest rates may materially negatively impact our residents, and our business could be negatively impacted. We could also be adversely affected by overbuilding or high vacancy rates of homes in our markets, which could result in an excess supply of homes and reduce occupancy and rental rates. Continuing development of apartment buildings, condominium units, and single-family rental communities in many of our markets will increase the supply of housing and exacerbate competition for residents. In addition, laudable government sponsored programs to promote home ownership or executive, legislative, or regulatory initiatives on the federal and state levels that disproportionately affect large institutional owners may encourage potential renters to purchase residences or lease from smaller investors or partnerships rather than from us, thereby causing a decline in the number and quality of potential residents available to us. No assurance can be given that we will be able to attract and retain suitable residents. If we are unable to lease our homes to suitable residents, we would be adversely affected and the value of our common stock could decline. We intend to acquire properties and to engage in development and construction activities from time to time consistent with our investment strategy even if the rental and housing markets are not as favorable as they have been in the recent past, which could adversely impact anticipated yields and returns on our development investments. We intend to continue to acquire properties and pursue development opportunities, including build-to-rent development and third-party fee-building arrangements from time to time consistent with our investment strategy, even if the rental and housing markets are not as favorable as they have been in the recent past. Future acquisitions of properties and development projects may be more costly and have lower yield characteristics than recent past and present opportunities. The following factors, among others, may make acquisitions or development activities more expensive: • improvements in overall economic conditions and employment levels; • greater availability of consumer credit; • improvements in the pricing and terms of mortgages; • the emergence of increased competition for single-family properties and developable land from private investors and entities with similar investment objectives to ours; • tax or other government incentives that encourage homeownership; and • increases in construction costs, including labor, materials, and supplies or delays in construction timelines. A general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions could adversely affect our ability to acquire or dispose of single-family homes or to successfully complete and lease development projects on terms that are attractive or at all, which may be impacted in periods of elevated interest rates. We plan to continue acquiring properties and pursuing development opportunities as long as we believe such properties offer an attractive total return opportunity. Accordingly, futu

=== INVH_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS For a discussion of our potential risks or uncertainties, you should carefully read and consider risk factors previously disclosed under Part I. Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I. Item 1A. of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Repurchases of Equity Securities We made the following share repurchases during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan or Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plan or Program (2) ($ in thousands) January 1 — January 31, 2026 1,402,639 $ 27.64 1,402,639 $ 400,000 February 1 — February 28, 2026 2,892,052 25.78 2,892,052 325,449 March 1 — March 31, 2026 12,806,355 25.41 12,806,355 — Total 17,101,046 $ 25.66 17,101,046 (1) Average Price Paid Per Share excludes cash paid for legal fees and commissions. (2) On October 28, 2025, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we may acquire shares of our common stock up to an aggregate purchase price of $500.0 million through open market purchases or negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. As of March 27, 2026, the share repurchase program has been fully utilized, and no further shares remain available for repurchase under the program. On April 27, 2026, our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program under which we may acquire shares of our common stock up to an aggregate purchase price of $ 500,000 through open market purchases or negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans (See Part I. Item 2. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources”). ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 65 PART II ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None . 66 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit number Description 3.1 Charter of Invitation Homes Inc., dated as of February 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2017). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Invitation Homes Inc., dated as of May 17, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2023). 10.1 Award Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2026 Retention Grant) under the Invitation Homes Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2026).† 10.2 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2026, by and among Invitation Homes Operating Partnership LP, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2026). 10.3 Third Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2026, by and among Invitation Homes Operating Partnership LP, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, Capital One, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other parties party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2026). 22.1 Subsidiary Issuer and Guarantors of Guaranteed Securities. 31.1 Certification of Dallas B. Tanner, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Jonathan S. Olsen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Dallas B. Tanner, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 32.2 Certification of Jonathan S. Olsen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 67 † Management contract or compensatory plan Certain agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contain representations and warranties that the parties thereto made to each other. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to such agreements and may have been qualified by certain information that has been disclosed to the other parties to such agreements and other documents and that may not be reflected in such agreements and other documents. In addition, these representations and warranties may be intended as a way of allocating risks among parties if the statements contained therein prove to be incorrect, rather than as actual statements of fact. Accordingly, there can be no reliance on any such representations and warranties as characterizations of the actual state of facts. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of any such representations and warranties may have changed since the date of such agreements or other documents. 68 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Invitation Homes Inc. By: /s/ Jonathan S. Olsen Name: Jonathan S. Olsen Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: April 30, 2026 By: /s/ Kimberly K. Norrell Name: Kimberly K. Norrell Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: April 30, 2026 69 