=== CW_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere, and may further be described in our prior and future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other written and oral statements made or released by us. Such forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, without limitation, those contained in Item 1. Business, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, including, without limitation, the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in or additions to the factors affecting such forward-looking statements. Item 1. Business. GENERAL Curtiss-Wright Corporation is a Delaware corporation, with its principal executive office in Davidson, North Carolina. In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, Curtiss-Wright , the Company , we , us , and our refer to Curtiss-Wright Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. BUSINESS DESCRIPTION Curtiss-Wright Corporation is a global integrated business that provides highly engineered products, solutions, and services mainly to Aerospace Defense ("A D") markets, as well as critical technologies in demanding commercial nuclear power, process, and industrial markets. Curtiss-Wright maintains a unique presence on high-performance platforms and critical applications that require our technical sophistication, and we benefit from decades of engineering expertise and knowledge transfer. Curtiss-Wright has been involved in numerous firsts in the industry, and since the origin of many of our markets, including commercial aerospace (our history dates back to the Wright Brothers and their historical first manned flight), naval nuclear power (presence on the first nuclear naval vessel), commercial power (our products were utilized in the first commercial nuclear power plant), and defense electronics (use of commercial off-the-shelf ("COTS") electronics in military applications). Today, we maintain competitive positions in the majority of our key A D and commercial end markets through engineering and technological leadership, precision manufacturing, and long-standing customer relationships where we are deeply embedded in our customers' workflows. We are committed to continuously driving innovation and investment in technologies, while also aligning our core competencies with new applications and evolving market trends. Our investments typically target the fastest growth vectors and secular trends that align with our strengths in attractive end markets. 4 Our portfolio of highly competitive technologies is relied upon to improve safety, operating efficiency, and reliability, while meeting performance requirements in the most demanding environments. Our products are often in must-not-fail safety-critical applications. Our ability to provide mission critical, niche products and services on a cost-effective basis is fundamental to our strategy to drive increased value to our customers, which include defense prime contractors, commercial aerospace original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"), and numerous energy and manufacturing companies. We compete globally, primarily based on technology and pricing. Our principal domestic manufacturing facilities are located in Arizona, California, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina, and internationally in Canada, Mexico, and the United Kingdom. Our Strategy Curtiss-Wright's Pivot to Growth strategy focuses on maximizing revenue, operating income, and free cash flow growth to drive continued value creation for its shareholders. It is built upon a strong foundation of operational and financial excellence where we strive for consistent growth in sales, operating margin, diluted earnings per share, and free cash flow. We believe that Curtiss-Wright is differentiated by the strength of its combined portfolio, benefiting from long-term stability in our defense businesses and agility in our commercial businesses. Our strategy is centered on a renewed drive for top-line acceleration through both organic and inorganic sales growth, building on the strengths within our A D and commercial markets, while deepening and expanding our customer relationships by continuing to advance the One Curtiss-Wright vision through Commercial Excellence. We are well positioned in the markets in which we operate, and aspire to grow our critical mass by expanding our global manufacturing capabilities, sales channels and customer relationships, while also seeking to build upon cross-market opportunities that may exist within our defense and commercial market technologies. Our Operational Growth Platform accelerates the Pivot to Growth strategy by driving continued opportunities for margin expansion and savings across the portfolio which allows us to maintain steady investments in research and development ("R D") to fuel both innovation and organic growth. We also utilize a strong and healthy balance sheet to implement a disciplined capital allocation strategy prioritized by acquisitions as well as returns to shareholders, principally through share repurchases as well as dividends, which will collectively drive long-term shareholder value. Through the Pivot to Growth strategy, we are building strong momentum to compound sustained profitable growth. Business Segments We manage and evaluate our operations based on the products and services we offer and the different markets we serve. Based on this approach, we operate through three reportable segments: Aerospace Industrial, Defense Electronics, and Naval Power. Aerospace Industrial Sales in the Aerospace Industrial segment are primarily generated from the commercial aerospace and general industrial markets and, to a lesser extent, the defense markets. The businesses in this segment provide a diversified offering of highly engineered products and services including: (i.) sensors, controls, and electro-mechanical actuation components used on commercial and military applications, (ii.) surface technology services, such as shot peening, laser peening, and engineered coatings utilized in both commercial and defense end market applications, and (iii.) industrial and specialty vehicle products, such as power management electronics, traction inverters, transmission shifters, and control systems. Across these markets we have long-standing customer relationships and maintain a broad portfolio of products and services promoting efficiency, safety, reduced emissions, and longevity. The commercial aerospace business is primarily impacted by OEM production rates of new aircraft, while the defense business is primarily impacted by government funding and spending on new programs, primarily driven by the U.S. Government. Certain industrial businesses within our Aerospace Industrial segment are impacted primarily by general economic conditions, which may include consumer consumption or commercial construction rates, as the nature of their products and services primarily support global industrial, commercial vehicles, medical, and transportation industries. The production and service processes rest primarily within material modification, machining, assembly, and testing and inspection at commercial grade specifications. The businesses distribute products through commercial sales and marketing channels. Defense Electronics 5 Sales in the Defense Electronics segment are primarily to the defense markets, where we support government entities in aerospace defense, ground defense, and naval defense, and, to a lesser extent, the commercial aerospace market. The defense businesses in this segment provide a diversified offering of products including COTS embedded computing board-level modules and processing equipment, data acquisition and flight test instrumentation equipment, integrated subsystems, instrumentation and control systems, tactical communications solutions for battlefield network management, and electronic stabilization products. These businesses are influenced by government funding and spending, driven primarily by the U.S. Government, and supplemented by foreign defense spending (e.g. NATO and allied countries). As a supplier of Modular Open Systems Approach ("MOSA") based solutions, we are aligned with the best-in-class open standards-based architectures within the industry. As a result, we have widespread platform-level content on fighter jets, helicopters, unmanned aerial vehicles ("UAVs"), ground combat equipment, tactical vehicles, and nuclear and non-nuclear surface ships and submarines, including a presence on more than 400 defense platforms and more than 3,000 programs worldwide. Additionally, we provide avionics and electronics, flight test equipment, and aircraft data recorder and management solutions to the commercial aerospace market. Our defense businesses supporting government contractors typically utilize more advanced and ruggedized production and service processes compared to our commercial businesses and have more stringent specifications and performance requirements based on their support of key Department of War ("DoW") priorities such as cyber, security and the net-centric connected battlefield. Our businesses also benefit from outsourcing from defense primes (push towards affordability and standard open architecture) as well as our focus on total lifecycle management services and technology refreshes in defense electronics. The businesses in this segment typically market and distribute products through regulated government contracting channels. Naval Power Sales in the Naval Power segment are primarily to the naval defense and power process markets and, to a lesser extent, the aerospace defense market. For the naval defense market, we provide naval propulsion and auxiliary equipment, including main coolant pumps, power-dense compact motors, generators, steam turbines, valves, and secondary propulsion systems, primarily to the U.S. Navy, most notably supporting the Virginia-class and Columbia-class submarine programs, as well as the Ford-class aircraft carrier program. We also provide ship repair and maintenance for the U.S. Navy s Atlantic and Pacific fleets and naval industrial base through three coastal service centers. The naval defense businesses in this segment are primarily impacted by government funding and spending, primarily driven by the U.S. Government on shipbuilding programs, and supplemented by foreign defense spending, particularly for our aircraft handling equipment. For the aerospace defense market, we provide aircraft arresting systems equipment including energy absorbers, retractable hook cable systems, net-stanchion systems and mobile systems to support fixed land-based arresting systems. For the power process markets, we provide a diversified offering of products for commercial nuclear power plants and nuclear equipment manufacturers, including hardware, valves, fastening systems, specialized containment doors, airlock hatches, simulation equipment and spent fuel management products supporting the continued performance, safety and modernization of operating reactors worldwide. The majority of our revenues in this market today support the maintenance of nuclear reactors across North America. These businesses also support operating reactors in the U.K. and South Korea. In the new build market, we provide Reactor Coolant Pumps ("RCP"s) and control rod drive mechanisms for commercial nuclear power plants, most notably to support the Generation III+ Westinghouse AP1000 reactor design. We are also actively engaged and pursuing business on the leading advanced Small Modular Reactor ("SMR") designs which are anticipated to serve numerous purposes, ranging from generating electricity or creating process heat for industrial applications, to powering data centers. In the Process market, we furnish specialized and innovative severe-service valve technologies and services, heat exchanger repair, and piping test and isolation products to the oil and gas, chemical, petrochemical, and industrial markets worldwide. In addition, we are developing critical subsea pumping technology for the oil and gas industry, leveraging our experience and existing technology as a long-term producer of canned motor pumps for the U.S. nuclear Navy and commercial nuclear market. The commercial businesses in this segment are dependent upon the need for ongoing maintenance, repair and overhaul of existing power plants, as well as the construction of new power plants globally, and typically market and distribute products through commercial sales and marketing channels, while the defense businesses typically utilize regulated government contracting channels. OTHER INFORMATION Certain Financial Information For information regarding sales by geographic region, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In 2025, 2024, and 2023, our foreign operations as a percentage of pre-tax earnings were 41% , 38%, and 35%, respectively. Government Sales 6 Our sales to the U.S. Government and foreign government end use represented 58%, 57%, and 56% of total net sales during 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In accordance with normal U.S. Government business practices, contracts and orders are subject to partial or complete termination at any time at the option of the customer. In the event of a termination for convenience by the government, there generally are provisions for recovery of our allowable incurred costs and a proportionate share of the profit or fee on the work completed, consistent with regulations of the U.S. Government. Fixed-price contracts usually provide that we absorb the majority of any cost overrun. In the event that there is a cost underrun, the customer typically recoups a portion of the underrun based upon an agreed-upon formula. Generally, long-term contracts with the U.S. Government require us to invest in and carry significant levels of inventory. However, where allowed, we utilize progress payments and other interim billing practices, to reduce working capital requirements. It is our policy to seek customary progress payments on certain contracts. Where we obtain such payments under U.S. Government prime contracts or subcontracts, the U.S. Government generally has control of the materials and work in process allocable or chargeable to the respective contracts. Customers We have hundreds of customers in the various industries that we serve. No customer accounted for more than 10% of our total net sales during 2025, 2024, or 2023. Approximately 47% of our total net sales for 2025, 48% for 2024, and 46% for 2023 were derived from contracts with agencies of, and prime contractors to, the U.S. Government. Information on our sales to the U.S. Government, including both direct sales as a prime contractor and indirect sales as a subcontractor, is as follows: Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Aerospace Industrial $ 181,042 $ 167,509 $ 146,205 Defense Electronics 761,926 711,538 638,597 Naval Power 704,051 617,389 529,968 Total U.S. Government sales $ 1,647,019 $ 1,496,436 $ 1,314,770 7 Executive Officers Name Current Position Business Experience Age Executive Officer Since Lynn M. Bamford Chair and Chief Executive Officer Chair of the Board of Directors since May 5, 2022 and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation since January 1, 2021. She also formerly held the title of President of the Corporation from January 1, 2021 to May 5, 2022. Prior to this, she served as President of the former Defense and Power segments of the Corporation from January 2020. She also served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Company s Defense Solutions and Nuclear divisions from 2018, and Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Defense Solutions division from 2013. She has held various leadership positions in the Corporation since 2004. She has been a Director of the Corporation since January 1, 2021. 62 2021 K. Christopher Farkas Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Executive Vice President of the Corporation since January 2026 and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation since May 2020. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of the Corporation from May 2020. He also served as Vice President of Finance from December 2017 and served as Vice President and Corporate Controller of the Corporation from September 2014. He also served as Assistant Corporate Controller of the Corporation from May 2009. 57 2014 Robert F. Freda Senior Vice President and Treasurer Senior Vice President of the Corporation since January 2026 and Treasurer of the Corporation since January 2021. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of the Corporation from January 2021. He also served as Assistant Corporate Controller of the Corporation from June 2017 and also served as Director of Finance from September 2006. 58 2021 George P. McDonald Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President of the Corporation since January 2026 and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Corporation since November 2024. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of the Corporation from November 2024. He also served as Deputy General Counsel from May 2024 and he served as Associate General Counsel of the Corporation from May 1999 to May 2024. 61 2024 Gary A. Ogilby Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller Senior Vice President of the Corporation since January 2026 and Corporate Controller of the Corporation since May 2020. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of the Corporation from May 2020. He also served as Vice President of Finance and Administration of the Company s Surface Technologies division from November 2016. He also served as Assistant Corporate Controller of the Corporation from 2014. 44 2020 Kevin M. Rayment Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Executive Vice President of the Corporation since January 2026 and Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation since April 1, 2021. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of the Corporation from April 1, 2021. He also served as President of the Aerospace Industrial segment (f/k/a Commercial/Industrial) of the Corporation from January 2020. He has held various leadership positions in the Corporation since 2004. 56 2021 John C. Watts Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer of the Corporation since January 2026. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development of the Corporation from May 2022. He also served as Vice President of Strategy and Communications of the Corporation from April 2015, and as Director and Vice President of Business Development for the Corporation s former Controls division from October 2006. 56 2022 8 Available information We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and proxy statements for our annual stockholders meetings, as well as any amendments to those reports, with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including our filings. These reports are also available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of our website at www.curtisswright.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file. Human Capital At the end of 2025, we had approximately 9,100 employees in more than 20 countries, approximately 6% of which are represented by labor unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements. Set forth below are some of the key aspects of Curtiss-Wright s human capital strategy: Compensation Programs and Employee Benefits Our success as an organization is ultimately dependent upon the success of our employees. As a result, we have made significant investments in order to attract, develop, and retain talented personnel, inclusive of competitive pay, benefits, training, and professional development opportunities. Notable programs offered include the following: Employer retirement plan matching contributions; Employee Stock Purchase Plan; Employer-sponsored health insurance; Tuition reimbursement program; Training and professional development; and Annual and local incentive compensation plans In addition to the above, we also offer equity-based incentive compensation plans to certain employees through the issuance of performance share units, restricted stock units, and cash-based performance units. Our equity-based incentive compensation plans ultimately act as a key lever for rewarding and retaining key employees, while also aligning the interests of our key employees and shareholders. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our equity-based incentive compensation plans. Company Culture We believe that our culture at Curtiss-Wright is just as essential as our products and services. Our culture impacts the quality of the employees we hire, the way we communicate and interact with our customers and each other, and our performance standards. Our culture is the cornerstone representing our values, our behaviors, our way of working, and how we approach our business, which is based on strong relationships and a dedication to taking care of one another and our customers. Curtiss-Wright believes in an inclusive workforce, where various backgrounds are represented, engaged, and empowered to inspire and innovate. We strive to foster a working environment where all employees are treated with respect and dignity. Discrimination is not tolerated at Curtiss-Wright. We are committed to high ethical standards and equal employment opportunities in all personnel actions, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, citizenship status, age, marital status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or veteran status. We maintain a Code of Conduct (the Code), an anti-harassment policy, and an equal employment opportunity policy, and provide training on these policies annually. We do business in more than 20 countries, and our employees operate across multiple cultures, functions, languages, and time zones to solve the technical and logistical challenges presented by its worldwide customer base. We are focused on promoting a culture that best leverages the talents of all employees, as well as implementing practices that attract, develop, and retain top talent. Our succession plans are geared at retaining and promoting our existing employees to provide equal opportunity and access to promotion within the organization. The Code mandates full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and helps to preserve the integrity of our Company. The Code is available within the Corporate Governance section of the Company s website at https://curtisswright.com/investor-relations/governance. 9 Talent Management Curtiss-Wright s talent strategy is designed to maximize the full potential of our people and our business. We are focused on providing an end-to-end experience from pre-hire to retirement. This includes creating inclusive, employee-centric experiences, cultivating leadership, offering multiple development pathways, and expanding the talent pipeline into and through the company. We hold regular succession and career development reviews to ensure line of sight to talent at various levels of the organization. Succession plans are refreshed and reviewed to ensure a robust, diverse pipeline of talent and business continuity with a tight linkage to development. We focus on accelerating learning and development of our leaders by providing a combination of experiences and education. Our New Business Leaders Program and Engineering Leadership Development Program offer developmental paths for new and experienced managers as well as engineers seeking to refresh or build their leadership capabilities. Hundreds of leaders have honed their skills leveraging various learning modalities, including virtual and in-person instructor-led, web-based training and micro-courses to support our managers. Our employee development programs are designed to strengthen employee skills that align to our current and future business needs, encourage knowledge sharing and support career progression and growth. We utilize our Learning Management System to provide our employees online career-specific tools, training, and resources, and we also support development opportunities through educational institutions with our Tuition Assistance Program. Our early-in-career rotation program for new business leaders develops talent pipelines with both depth of skills and breadth of experiences that are critical to the company s future talent needs. Our Technical Fellows program and our Innovation Council program is uniquely designed to cultivate technical, domain expertise and collaborative thought leadership for early through advanced career levels. As our Company continues to grow, we rely on an integrated talent acquisition approach. The Company strategically attracts, identifies, and onboards candidates in support of business needs and priorities. In order to accomplish our goals, we seek talent with unique perspectives, skills, and experiences; maintain strategic relationships with colleges; offer a robust employee referral program; and partner with numerous diversity organizations, military organizations, and trusted external partners, with a commitment to growing and supporting a diverse talent pipeline. Amidst the evolving and, at times, challenging hiring environment, we apply agile recruiting methods as we work to adapt to the changing labor marketplace and to ensure employees and candidates have an exceptional experience. Environmental, Health, and Safety The health, safety, and well-being of our employees, together with protection of the environment in the communities in which we operate, is a top priority for Curtiss-Wright. We take steps to ensure that we comply with applicable legal, regulatory, and other requirements in all material respects related to preventing pollution, injury, and ill health, and employ industry-leading, technologically sound, and economically feasible control mechanisms, procedures, and processes that improve our efforts. In addition, we provide training, education, safety monitoring and auditing, and health-awareness programs in our offices and factories. We also provide several channels for all employees to speak up, ask for guidance, and report concerns related to ethics or safety violations, and we address those concerns and take appropriate actions. We track total recordable rate ("TRR") and days away, restriction, and transfer rate ("DART") for all sites worldwide. Senior executives provide monthly reporting to the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Operating Officer ("COO") on their safety statistics, and are accountable and compensated based on their safety record. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our TRR and DART rates wer e 1.22 and 0.71, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our TRR and DART rates were 1.23 and 0.84, respectively. Ethics and Integrity Curtiss-Wright is deeply committed to ensuring that all of its employees conduct business with the highest levels of ethics and integrity and to complying with all laws and regulations applicable to its businesses. To support and articulate our commitment and responsibility in this regard, Curtiss-Wright maintains a Code of Conduct. The Code addresses several topics, including conflicts of interest, safeguarding assets, financial reporting, the protection of confidential information, insider trading, and general adherence to laws and regulations. All employees, including executive officers, must comply with the Code. In order to enhance understanding of and compliance with the Code, all employees are required to complete a training program annually which details ethical business practices, an inclusive workforce, and respectful treatment of our employees, and certify to their commitment to comply with the Code. The Corporation also requires employees to complete annual training programs covering such topics as data privacy management, anti-bribery/trade compliance (including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and the UK Bribery Act), harassment, and cybersecurity. In addition, the Corporation maintains an ethics-related global, multi-lingual hotline that is available at all times through which employees can report anonymously any issues of concern. The 10 hotline also facilitates the anonymous or direct communication of ethical, financial, discrimination, and health and safety concerns to the Office of General Counsel and serves as the vehicle through which employees and third parties may send communications to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors confidentially and anonymously regarding any accounting, internal controls, or auditing concerns. Employee Wellness We are committed to the physical and mental health and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of health and wellness programs. Offered services can include free annual biometric screening and health assessments at work or offsite, free flu shots, a tobacco cessation program, weight management programs, and an employee assistance program, which offers advice on mental health, legal, and financial issues. Item 1A. Risk Factors. We have summarized the known, material risks to our business below. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely impacted if any of these risks materialize. Additional risk factors not currently known to us or that we believe are immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, and results of operations and cash flows, and require significant management time and attention. The risk factors below should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as other required filings by us to the Securities Exchange Commission, such as our Form 10-Q s, Form 8-K s, proxy statements for our annual shareholder meetings, and subsequent amendments, if any. RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS Intrusion on our systems could damage our business. We store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and confidential employee information on our servers and databases. As a result, we are increasingly dependent upon our information systems to operate and manage our business. Our ability to effectively operate and manage our business depends on the security, reliability, and adequacy of our information systems. In addition, various privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, both in the U.S. and globally, require us to manage and protect sensitive and confidential information, including personal data of our employees, from disclosure. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, which became effective in May 2018, extends the scope of the European Union data protection laws to all companies processing data of European Union residents, regardless of the company s location. Despite our implementation of firewalls, switchgear, and other network security measures, our servers, databases, and other systems may be vulnerable to various cyber and other security threats, including those caused by computer hackers, physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage, computer viruses, malware, worms, and similar disruptions from unauthorized access and tampering with our computer systems, including through social engineering such as phishing attacks, coordinated denial-of-service attacks, and similar incidents . Such intrusions could result in our network security or computer systems being compromised and possibly result in the misappropriation or corruption of sensitive information, including intellectual property, or cause disruptions in our services. To the extent artificial intelligence capabilities improve and are increasingly adopted, they may be used to identify vulnerabilities and produce advanced cybersecurity attacks, and vulnerabilities may be introduced from the use of artificial intelligence by us, our customers, suppliers and other business partners and third-party providers. The occurrence of some of these risks may be increased due to the work-from-home arrangements that we have implemented for many of our office-based employees. We continue to review and enhance our computer systems as well as provide training to our employees in an attempt to prevent unauthorized and unlawful intrusions. However, it is possible that we may not be able to prevent all intrusions. While we carry cyber insurance, we still may be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against, remediate, or alleviate problems caused by such intrusions. Any such intrusion could cause us to be non-compliant with applicable laws or regulations, subject us to legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, additional costs to comply with increased cybersecurity protections and information control requirements for our customers, including the U.S. government. A failure to comply with these requirements could negatively impact our business and financial condition. Potential product liability risks exist from the products that we sell. We may be exposed to liabilities for personal injury, death, or property damage due to the failure of a product that we have sold. We typically agree to indemnify our customers against certain liabilities resulting from the products we sell, and any third- 11 party indemnification we seek from our suppliers and our liability insurance may not fully cover our indemnification obligations to customers. We may also not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. Any liability for which third-party indemnification is not available and not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the failure of a product that we have sold c ould also result in a recall of, or safety alert relating to, such product which could ultimately result, in certain cases, in the removal of such product from the marketplace and claims regarding costs associated therewith. Furthermore, an accident caused by one of our products could damage our reputation for selling quality products. We believe that our customers consider safety and reliability as key criteria in selecting our products and believe that our reputation for quality assurance is a significant competitive strength. If an accident were to be caused by one of our products, or if we were to otherwise fail to maintain a satisfactory record of safety and reliability, our ability to retain and attract customers may be materially adversely affected. We are subject to liability under warranty obligations . The majority of our contracts contain provisions which expose us to potential liability for warranty claims made by customers or third parties with respect to products that have been designed, manufactured, or serviced by us or our suppliers. While we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain liability claims, that insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims that may arise, or we may not be able to maintain adequate insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. Material product warranty obligations not covered by insurance or that exceed our established reserves could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our earnings and margins depend in part on subcontractor performance, as well as raw material and component availability and pricing. Our businesses depend on suppliers and subcontractors for raw materials and components, as well as services that we provide to our customers. Our supply chain has been and may continue to be impacted by a wide variety of factors, including supplier capacity constraints, sanctions and trade restrictions and other governmental regulatory actions or inactions, labor and material shortages as well as tariffs and other geopolitical events, such as the Russia-Ukraine war and China s relationship with the United States and Taiwan. Because we strive to limit the volume of raw materials and component parts on hand, our business could be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain these raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities that we require. Generally, raw materials and purchased components are available from a number of different suppliers, though several suppliers are our sole source of certain components. If a sole-source supplier is delayed or should cease or otherwise be unable to deliver such components, we may not be able to produce the related product in a timely manner or in sufficient quantities, if at all, which could adversely affect our operating results. A sole-source supplier of a key component could also potentially exert significant bargaining power over price, quality, warranty claims, or other terms relating to these materials, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, supply chain constraints and improving economic conditions have resulted in sustained increases in the prices we pay for many of the components and raw materials used in our products. Furthermore, we are experiencing higher labor costs due to increased competition for personnel in many regions in which we operate as well as general inflationary conditions, including higher shipping costs, labor shortages, and rising energy prices. Our ability to perform our obligations as a prime contractor may be adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner. While we have attempted to mitigate the effects of increased costs through price increases, there are no assurances that higher prices can effectively be passed through to our customers, or that we will be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw materials costs through price increases on a timely basis. We also depend on subcontractors and suppliers to meet their contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements. Nonperformance or underperformance by subcontractors and suppliers could materially impact our ability to perform obligations to our customers, which could result in a customer terminating our contract for default, expose us to liability, and substantially impair our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. Our business involves risks associated with complex manufacturing processes. Our manufacturing processes depend on certain sophisticated and high-value equipment. Unexpected failures of this equipment may result in production delays, revenue loss, and significant repair costs. In addition, equipment failures could result in injuries to our employees. Moreover, the competitive nature of our businesses requires us to continuously implement process changes intended to achieve product improvements and manufacturing efficiencies. These process changes may at times result 12 in production delays, quality concerns, and increased costs. Any disruption of operations at our facilities due to equipment failures or process interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. RISKS RELATED TO OUR STRATEGY Implementing our acquisition strategy involves risks, and our failure to successfully implement this strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business. As part of our capital allocation strategy, we aim to grow our business by selectively pursuing acquisitions and technologies that supplement our organic growth, some of which may be material to our business and financial performance. Although we have been successful with this strategy in the past, we may not be able to grow our business in the future through acquisitions for several reasons, including: Encountering difficulties identifying and executing acquisitions; Increased competition for targets, which may increase acquisition costs; Consolidation in our industry, reducing the number of acquisition targets; Competition laws and regulations preventing us from making certain acquisitions; and Acquisition financing not being available on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, there are potential risks associated with growing our business through acquisitions, including the failure to successfully integrate and realize the expected benefits of an acquisition. For example, with any past or future acquisition, there is the possibility that: The business culture of the acquired business may not match well with our culture; Technological and product synergies, economies of scale, or cost reductions may not occur as expected; Management may be distracted from overseeing existing operations by the need to integrate acquired businesses; We may acquire or assume unexpected liabilities; We may experience unforeseen difficulties in integrating operations and systems; We may fail to retain or assimilate employees of the acquired business; We may experience problems in retaining customers or integrating customer bases; We may experience increased capital requirements; There could be insufficient internal controls over financial activities or financial reporting at an acquired company that could impact us on a consolidated basis; and We may encounter difficulties in entering new markets in which we may have little or no experience. While we conduct financial and other due diligence in connection with our acquisitions and generally seek some form of protection, such as indemnification from the seller, insurance coverage, and sometimes placing a portion of the purchase price in escrow or a cash holdback to cover potential liabilities, such acquired companies may have weaknesses or liabilities that are not accurately assessed or brought to our attention at the time of the acquisition. Further, indemnities, insurance or escrow/holdback arrangements may not fully cover such matters and acquisitions of public companies typically do not include post-closing indemnities or escrows. Failure to successfully implement our acquisition strategy, including successfully integrating acquired businesses, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies. The commercial and government markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly changing technologies. In addition, product and program needs of our government and commercial customers change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, to remain competitive in the future, we will need to continue to invest financial resources, including through internal research and development, acquisitions, or other teaming arrangements, to: (a) identify emerging technological trends in our current and target markets; (b) develop and manufacture competitive products, systems, and services; (c) enhance our offerings by adding technological innovations that differentiate our products, systems, and services from those of our competitors; and (d) develop, manufacture, and bring those products, systems, and service to market quickly at cost-effective prices. These expenditures could divert our attention and resources from other projects, and we cannot be sure that these expenditures will ultimately lead to the timely development of new offerings and technologies or identification of and expansion into new markets. Due to the design complexity of our products, we may, in the future, experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. Any delays could result in increased costs of development or deflect resources from other projects. In addition, there can be no assurance that the market for our products will develop or continue to expand or that we will be successful in 13 newly identified markets as we currently anticipate. Furthermore, while we do not currently use artificial intelligence ( AI ) in the design and development of our products, we may seek to utilize AI in the future. The development, deployment, and integration of AI technologies presents risks, challenges, and potential unintended consequences that could affect our business. Given that laws and regulations around AI are continuously evolving, our obligation to comply with them could entail significant costs, negatively affect our business, or hinder our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our operations and products. We operate in highly competitive markets. Many of our products and services are sold in highly competitive markets, and are affected by varying degrees of competition, including competition for hiring and retaining skilled labor. We compete against companies that often have higher sales volumes and greater financial, technological, research and development, human, and marketing resources, and larger customer bases than we have. These companies may also price their products and services below our selling prices, which could exert downward pressure on our product pricing and margins. As a result, they may be better able to withstand the effects of periodic economic downturns. In addition, some of our largest customers could develop the capability to manufacture products or provide services similar to products that we manufacture or services that we provide. This would result in these customers supplying their own products or services and competing directly with us for sales of these products or services, all of which could significantly reduce our revenues. Furthermore, we are facing increased international competition and cross-border consolidation of competition. If consolidation of our competition continues to occur, we would expect the competitive pressures we face to increase. Our management believes that the principal points of competition in our markets are technology, price, product quality, product performance, sufficient supply of necessary components, technical expertise, timeliness of delivery, superior customer service and support, and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. If we are unable to compete successfully with existing or new competitors in these areas, we may experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may be unable to protect the value of our intellectual property. Obtaining, maintaining, and enforcing our intellectual property rights and avoiding infringing on the intellectual property rights of others are important factors to the operation of our business. While we take precautionary steps to protect our technological advantages and intellectual property and rely in part on patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright laws, we cannot assure that the precautionary steps we have taken will completely protect our intellectual property rights. Because patent applications in the United States are maintained in secrecy until either the patent application is published or a patent is issued, we may not be aware of third-party patents, patent applications, and other intellectual property relevant to our products that may block our use of our intellectual property or may be used in third-party products that compete with our products and processes. When others infringe on our intellectual property rights, the value of our products is diminished, and we may incur substantial litigation costs to enforce our rights. Similarly, we may incur substantial litigation costs and the obligation to pay royalties if others claim we infringed on their intellectual property rights. When we develop intellectual property and technologies with funding from U.S. Government contracts, the government has the royalty-free right to use that property. In addition to our patent rights, we also rely on unpatented technology, trade secrets, and confidential information. Others may independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques or otherwise gain access to or disclose our technology. We may not be able to protect our rights in unpatented technology, trade secrets, and confidential information effectively. We generally require each of our employees and consultants to execute a confidentiality agreement at the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship with us. There is no guarantee that we will succeed in obtaining and retaining executed agreements from all employees or consultants. Moreover, these agreements may not provide effective protection of our information or, in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure, they may not provide adequate remedies. RISKS RELATED TO MARKET CONDITIONS A substantial portion of our revenues and earnings depends upon the continued willingness of the U.S. Government and other customers in the defense industry to buy our products and services. In 2025, approximately 47% of our total net sales were derived from or related to U.S. defense programs. U.S. defense spending has historically been cyclical and is subject to periodic congressional action. The level of U.S. defense spending can vary and may be impacted by numerous outside factors, such as changes in the perceived threat environment, the U.S. Government s budget deficits, spending priorities, and possible political pressure to reduce U.S. Government military spending, each of which could cause the DoW budget to remain unchanged or to decline. Generally, an increase in the level of concern over the country s safety tends to increase defense budgets. However, we cannot provide assurance that an increase in defense spending would benefit our business. At other times, spending by the military can decrease. Decreases in U.S. defense spending, changes 14 in the allocation of defense spending, or the expiration or termination of certain aerospace and defense programs on which we have content could result in a reduction in our revenues and earnings and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. U.S. lawmakers on several occasions have passed legislation to raise the federal debt ceiling, the most recent of which was through the passage on July 4, 2025 of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ("OBBBA"), which raised the federal debt ceiling by $5 trillion. Failure by Congress to further suspend or increase the debt ceiling could delay or result in the loss of contracts for the procurement of our products and services, and we may be asked or required to continue to perform for some period of time on certain of our U.S. government contracts, even if the U.S. government is unable to make timely payments. A downturn in the commercial aircraft market could adversely affect our business. Our sales to large commercial aircraft manufacturers, such as Boeing, Airbus, and related OEM suppliers, as well as manufacturers of business jets, are cyclical in nature, and can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including current and future passenger traffic levels, increasing fuel and labor costs, environmental concerns (inclusive of climate change), intense price competition, high interest rates, the retirement of older aircraft, regulatory changes, outbreak of infectious disease such as COVID-19, terrorist attacks, labor strikes such as the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace workers union work stoppages at Boeing, geopolitical events, conflicts and wars (including the Russia-Ukraine war), general economic conditions (including cost inflation), worldwide airline profits, and backlog levels, all of which can be unpredictable and are outside of our control. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic drastically reduced air traffic as travel restrictions and social distancing measures were implemented to help control the spread of the virus. The reduced air traffic applied financial pressures on airlines, who, in order to preserve cash and liquidity, dramatically reduced flight hours and cancelled or delayed the purchases of new aircraft. Furthermore, as companies and employees become accustomed to working remotely, there is a risk that business travel and the associated flight hours may be impacted. Any decrease in demand resulting from a downturn in the aerospace market could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our backlog is subject to reduction and cancellation, which could negatively impact our revenues and results of operations. Backlog represents products or services that our customers have contractually committed to purchase from us. As we are a subcontractor to prime contractors for the vast majority of our government business, substantially all amounts in backlog are funded. Backlog excludes unexercised contract options and potential orders under ordering type contracts (e.g. Indefinite Delivery / Indefinite Quantity). Further, it is adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates and is reduced for contract cancellations and terminations in the period in which they occur. Backlog as of December 31, 2025 was approximately $4.1 billion. Backlog is subject to fluctuations and is not necessarily indicative of future sales. The timing of backlog may be impacted by project delays. The U.S. Government may unilaterally modify or cancel its contracts. In addition, under certain of our commercial contracts, our customers may unilaterally modify or terminate their orders at any time for their convenience. Accordingly, certain portions of our backlog can be cancelled or reduced at the option of the U.S. Government and commercial customers. Our failure to replace cancelled or reduced backlog could negatively impact our results of operations. As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to numerous procurement rules and regulations. We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. Government contracts, which in some instances, impose added costs on our business. These regulations and other requirements regularly evolve, and new laws, regulations or procurement requirements or changes to current ones could further significantly increase our costs and risks and reduce our profitability. We have been, and expect to continue to be, subjected to audits, reviews, and investigation by government agencies. A violation of specific laws and regulations could also result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts, debarment from bidding on contracts, harm to our business reputation, or result in our progress payments being withheld. These fines and penalties could be imposed, for example, by failing to follow procurement integrity and bidding rules, employing improper billing practices or otherwise failing to follow cost accounting standards, receiving or paying kickbacks, or filing false claims. In some instances, these laws and regulations impose terms or rights that are more favorable to the government than those typically available to commercial parties in negotiated transactions. For example, the U.S. Government may terminate any of our government contracts and, in general, subcontracts, at its convenience as well as for default based on performance. Upon termination for convenience of a fixed-price type contract, we normally are entitled to receive the purchase price for delivered items, reimbursement for allowable costs for work-in-process, and an allowance for profit on work actually completed on the contract or adjustment for loss if completion of performance would have resulted in a loss. Upon termination for convenience of a cost reimbursement contract, we normally are entitled to reimbursement of allowable costs plus a portion of the fee. Such allowable costs would normally include our cost to terminate agreements with our suppliers and subcontractors. The amount of the fee recovered, if any, is related to the portion of the work accomplished prior to termination and is determined by negotiation. 15 A termination arising out of our default could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In addition, on those contracts for which we are teamed with others and are not the prime contractor, the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, irrespective of the quality of our services as a subcontractor. Our U.S. Government contracts typically span one or more base years and multiple option years. The U.S. Government generally has the right to not exercise option periods and may not exercise an option period if the agency is not satisfied with our performance on the contract or does not receive funding to continue the program. U.S. Government procurement may adversely affect our cash flow or program profitability. Furthermore, we are subject to other risks in connection with government contracts, including without limitation: the frequent need to bid on programs prior to completing the necessary design, which may result in unforeseen technological difficulties and/or cost overruns; the difficulty in forecasting long-term costs and schedules and the potential obsolescence of products related to long-term, fixed price contracts; contracts with varying fixed terms that may not be renewed or followed by follow-on contracts upon expiration; cancellation of the follow-on production phase of contracts if program requirements are not met in the development phase; and the fact that government contract wins can be contested by other contractors. Our operations are subject to numerous domestic and international laws, regulations, and restrictions. Noncompliance with these laws, regulations, and restrictions could expose us to fines, penalties, suspension, or debarment, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and overall financial condition. We have contracts and operations in many parts of the world subject to United States and foreign laws and regulations, including the False Claims Act, regulations relating to import-export control (including the International Traffic in Arms Regulation promulgated under the Arms Export Control Act), sanctions programs implemented by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury ("OFAC"), technology transfer restrictions, repatriation of earnings, exchange controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act, and the anti-boycott provisions of the U.S. Export Administration Act. Although we have implemented policies and procedures and provided training that we believe are sufficient to address these risks, we cannot guarantee that our operations will always comply with these laws and regulations. From time to time, we may file voluntary disclosure reports with the U.S. Department of State, the Department of Energy, the Department of Commerce, and the Department of Treasury regarding certain violations of U.S. export control laws and regulations and OFAC sanctions discovered by us in the course of our business activities, employee training, or internal reviews and audits. To date, our voluntary disclosures have not resulted in a fine, penalty, or export privilege denial or restriction that has had a material adverse impact on our financial condition or ability to export. Our failure, or failure by our sales representatives or consultants to comply with these laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities and could, in the extreme case, result in suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any significant disruption in the commercial nuclear power industry, including delays in the development of small modular reactors, could adversely affect our results of operations or future outlook. Market demand for, and our ability to supply products and services to the commercial nuclear industry is dependent on the continued operation of nuclear power plants globally and, to a lesser extent, on the construction of new nuclear power plants. A wide range of factors affect the continued operation and construction of nuclear power plants, including the political, regulatory and legal environment in which they operate, the availability and cost of alternative means of power generation, the occurrence of future nuclear incidents, such as the one which occurred at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in 2011, and general economic conditions. Any reduction in demand for our commercial nuclear products and services in the U.S. or abroad could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our nuclear business subjects us to various regulatory and financial risks. Our Naval Power segment manufactures components for, and provide services to, customers in the nuclear power market, including utilities and certain governmental entities, and subjects us to various safety related requirements imposed by the U.S. Government, the Department of Energy, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and other agencies in foreign jurisdictions. In the event of non-compliance, these agencies might increase regulatory oversight, impose fines, or shut down operations, depending 16 on their assessment of the severity of the noncompliance. In addition, new or revised security and safety requirements promulgated by these agencies could necessitate substantial capital and other expenditures. The Price-Anderson Act promotes the nuclear industry by offering broad indemnification to commercial nuclear power plant operators and U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) contractors for liabilities arising out of nuclear incidents at power plants licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) and at DOE nuclear facilities. That indemnification protects not only the NRC licensee or DOE prime contractor, but also others like us who may be doing work under contract or subcontract for a licensed power plant or under a DOE prime contract. The Price-Anderson Act indemnification provisions may not apply to all liabilities that we might incur while performing services as a contractor for the DOE and the nuclear power industry. If an incident or evacuation is not covered under the Price-Anderson Act s indemnification provisions, we could be held liable for damages, regardless of fault. In addition, if such indemnification authority is not applicable in the future, for instance, our business could be adversely affected if the owners and operators of nuclear power plants fail to retain our services in the absence of commercially adequate insurance and indemnification. We offer similar services in other jurisdictions outside the United States. For those jurisdictions, varying levels of nuclear liability protection is provided by international treaties, and/or domestic laws, such as the Nuclear Liability and Compensation Act of Canada and the Nuclear Installations Act of the United Kingdom, insurance and/or assets of the nuclear installation operators (some of which are backed by governments) as well as under appropriate enforceable contractual indemnifications and hold-harmless provisions. These protections and indemnifications, however, may not cover all of our liability that could arise in the performance of these services. The airline industry is heavily regulated, and if we fail to comply with applicable requirements, our results of operations could suffer. Governmental agencies throughout the world, including the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") and the European Aviation Safety Agency, prescribe standards and qualification requirements for aircraft components, including virtually all commercial airline and general aviation products. Specific regulations vary from country to country, although compliance with FAA requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries. We include documentation with our products sold to aircraft manufacturing customers certifying that each part complies with applicable regulatory requirements and meets applicable standards of airworthiness established by the FAA or the equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries. In order to sell our products, we as well as the products that we manufacture must also be certified by our individual OEM customers. If any of the material authorizations or approvals qualifying us to supply our products is revoked or suspended, then the sale of such product would be prohibited by law, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, from time to time, the FAA or equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries propose new regulations or changes to existing regulations, which are usually more stringent than existing regulations. If these proposed regulations are adopted and enacted, we may incur significant additional costs to achieve compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to liability under environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Our business and facilities are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the use, manufacture, storage, handling, and disposal of hazardous materials and other waste products used in the manufacturing of certain of our products or providing certain of our services, and we are subject to potentially significant fines or penalties, including criminal sanctions, as well as facility shutdowns to address violations, and may require the installation of costly pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit emissions or discharges . W e may also be subject to increasingly stringent environmental standards in the future, particularly as greenhouse gas emissions and climate change regulations and initiatives increase. Regulatory bodies may decide in the future to limit or ban certain materials we use in our manufacturing process due to potentially significant health and safety risks to people or the environment. Such limitations or bans may in the future require us to consider the use of alternative raw materials or changes to our method of operations. Such alternatives often require customer approval and may result in additional costs, including higher raw material expenses, changes in operational methods, and additional customer qualifications. The formulation changes could also impact the utility of our products. Environmental laws generally impose liability for investigation, remediation, and removal of hazardous materials and other waste products on property owners and those who dispose of materials at waste sites, whether or not the waste was disposed of legally at the time in question. We are currently addressing environmental remediation at certain current and former facilities, and we have been named as a potentially responsible party along with other organizations in a number of environmental clean-up sites and may be named in connection with future sites. We are required to contribute to the costs of the investigation and 17 remediation and to establish reserves in our financial statements for future costs deemed probable and estimable. Although we have estimated and reserved for future environmental remediation costs, the final resolution of these liabilities may significantly vary from our estimates and could potentially have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. We are also subject to federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations governing worker health and safety requirements. Failing to comply with these laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our operating results. We may be subject to periodic litigation and regulatory proceedings, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance. From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions brought or threatened against us in the ordinary course of business. These actions and proceedings may involve claims for, among other things, asbestos and environmental exposures, intellectual property matters, copyright infringement, compensation for alleged personal injury, workers compensation, employment and employee benefit matters, government contract issues, commercial or contract disputes, and acquisitions or divestitures. We also may be subject to class action lawsuits, such as those involving allegations of violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act and state wage and hour laws. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, the ultimate outcome is difficult to assess or quantify, as plaintiffs may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts in these types of lawsuits, including punitive damages, civil penalties, consequential damages or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. These proceedings could also result in substantial cost to defend ourselves and may require us to devote substantial employee resources, which could distract our management from the operation of our business. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against such losses. The ultimate resolution of these matters through settlement, mediation, or court judgment could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by climate change regulations. Climate change regulations at the federal, state, or local level or in international jurisdictions could require us to limit emissions, change our manufacturing processes, obtain substitute materials which may cost more or be less available, increase our investment in control technology for greenhouse gas emissions, fund offset projects, or undertake other costly activities. These regulations could significantly increase our costs and restrict our manufacturing operations by virtue of requirements for new equipment. New permits may be required for our current operations, or expansions thereof. Failure to timely receive permits could result in fines, suspension of production, or cessation of operations at one or more facilities. In addition, restrictions on carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gas emissions could result in significant costs such as higher energy costs and the passing down of carbon taxes, emission cap and trade programs, and renewable portfolio standards by utility companies. The cost of complying, or of failing to comply, with these and other climate change and emissions regulations could have an adverse effect on our operating results. Increasing focus on environmental, social, and governance responsibility may impose additional costs on us and expose us to new risks. Regulators, stockholders, and other interested constituencies have focused increasingly on corporate responsibility, specifically related to the environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") or sustainability practices of companies, including climate change over the past few years, and expectations in this area are rapidly evolving . The criteria used to evaluate ESG practices may continue to evolve, which could result in greater expectations and may cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy new criteria and abide by any new disclosure requirements. Some investors have used, and may continue to use, ESG criteria to guide their investment strategies, and may not invest in us, or divest their holdings of us, if they believe our policies relating to ESG matters are inadequate. Our customers may also require us to implement environmental, social, or governance responsibility procedures or standards before they continue to do business with us. Additionally, we may face reputational challenges if our ESG procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by certain constituencies, which are often inconsistent in approach . Furthermore, from time to time, we may communicate certain initiatives or goals regarding ESG matters. Although we intend to meet these commitments, we may be required to expend significant resources to do so, which could increase our operational costs. Further, there can be no assurance of the extent to which any of our commitments will be achieved, if at all. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals or perceived as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL MATTERS 18 Political and economic changes in foreign countries and markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, may have a material effect on our operating results. During 2025, approximat e ly 27% of ou r total net sales were to customers outside of the United States. Additionally, we also have operating facilities located in foreign countries. Doing business in foreign countries is subject to numerous risks, including without limitation: (a) political and economic instability and potential for social unrest; (b) the uncertainty of the ability of non-U.S. customers to finance purchases; (c) restrictions on the repatriation of funds; (d) restrictive trade policies; (e) tariff regulations; (f) difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses; (g) government financed competition; (h) changes in the local labor-relations climate; (i) economic conditions in local markets, including changes in inflation; (j) health concerns (including COVID-19 or any of its variants); (k) complying with foreign regulatory and tax requirements that are subject to change; and (l) limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies. For example, in response to Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the United States, along with the European Union, have imposed restrictive sanctions on Russia, Russian entities, and Russian citizens. We are subject to these governmental sanctions and export controls, which may subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. Further, implementation of new tariff schemes by various governments, such as those implemented by the United States, Canada, and China in recent years, could potentially increase the costs of our materials, increase our cost of production, and ultimately increase the landed cost of our products sold from one country into another country. While these factors or the impact of these factors are difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our operations. There has been, and may continue to be, significant volatility in global stock markets and foreign currency exchange rates that could result in the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in which we conduct business. To the extent that foreign sales are transacted in foreign currencies and we do not enter into currency hedge transactions, we are exposed to risk of losses due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly for the British Pound, Euro, and Canadian dollar. Significant fluctuations in the value of the currencies of the countries in which we do business could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our cash flows and financial condition. Our business operates in many locations under government jurisdictions that impose income taxes. Changes in domestic or foreign income tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, could result in higher or lower income tax rates assessed or changes in the taxability of certain revenues or the deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and profitability . On July 4, 2025, the U.S. government enacted the OBBBA, which extended various expiring tax provisions from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ("TCJA") and introduced a variety of other substantial tax law changes. For Curtiss-Wright, the most significant impact relates to the immediate expensing of research and development expenditures in 2025, reducing total estimated 2025 tax payments. There was no material impact to the Corporation's 2025 effective tax rate. Further, changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions where we operate could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting project undertaken by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD"). In December 2022, the European Union ("EU") member states reached an agreement to implement the 15% minimum corporate tax component ("Pillar Two") of the OECD s tax reform initiative with certain aspects effective January 1, 2024, and other aspects effective January 1, 2025. Further, on January 5, 2026, the OECD released a comprehensive package for a side-by-side arrangement with respect to Pillar Two global minimum tax rules that includes new administrative guidance. Legislative changes to address Pillar Two are being adopted by taxing authorities in countries where we do business. Based on the Corporation s assessments, it does not expect Pillar Two to have a material impact on its effective tax rate nor on its consolidated results of operation, financial position, and cash flows. Furthermore, the amount of income taxes paid by us is subject to examination by U.S. federal, state, and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from such examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of any such examinations. If the ultimate determination of our taxes owed were for an amount in excess of amounts reserved, our operating results, cash flows, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. We use estimates when accounting for contracts that apply over-time revenue recognition. Changes in estimates could affect our profitability and overall financial position. Accounting for contracts that apply over-time revenue recognition requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract net sales and costs, and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total net sales and costs at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. For example, assumptions must be made regarding the length of time to complete the contract, as costs also include expected 19 increases in wages and prices for materials and allocated fixed costs. Similarly, assumptions must be made regarding the future impact of efficiency initiatives and cost reduction efforts. Incentives, awards, price escalations, liquidated damages, or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating revenue and profit rates using either the expected value method or most likely amount method. It is possible that materially different amounts could be obtained, because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes described above, if different assumptions were used or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances, or estimates may have a material adverse effect upon future period financial reporting and performance. See Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Our future financial results could be adversely impacted by asset impairment charges. As of December 31, 2025, we had goodwill and other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, of approximately $2.2 billion, which represented approximately 43% of our total assets. Our goodwill is subject to an impairment test on an annual basis, or more frequently, whenever events and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. Intangible assets (other than goodwill) are generally amortized over the useful life of such assets. In addition, from time to time, we may acquire or make an investment in a business that will require us to record goodwill based on the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of the acquired assets. We may subsequently experience unforeseen issues with such business that adversely affect the anticipated returns of the business or value of the intangible assets and trigger an evaluation of the recoverability of the recorded goodwill and intangible assets for such business. For example, if the financial performance of such business was to decline significantly, we could incur a material non-cash charge to our income statement for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. Future determinations of significant write-offs of goodwill or intangible assets as a result of an impairment test or any accelerated amortization of other intangible assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Our current debt, and debt we may incur in the future, could adversely affect our business and financial position. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $1.0 billion of debt outstanding. Our level of debt and debt servicing costs associated with that indebtedness, in part because of increases in interest rates on variable rate indebtedness under our revolving credit facility, could have significant consequences for our business. For example, our indebtedness could require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to pay the principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, acquisitions, dividends, capital expenditures, and other investments in our business, including investments in technology and research and development; make us vulnerable to economic downturns and increases in interest rates; limit us from obtaining additional debt; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industries in which we compete; and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors, some of whom have lower debt service obligations and greater financial resource than we do. In addition, most of our debt arrangements require us to maintain certain debt and interest coverage ratios and limit our ability to incur debt, make investments or undertake certain other business activities. These requirements could limit our ability to obtain future financing and may prevent us from taking advantage of attractive business opportunities. Our ability to meet the financial covenants or requirements in our debt arrangements may be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will satisfy such covenants and requirements. A breach of these covenants or our inability to comply with the restrictions could result in an event of default under our debt arrangements which, in turn, could result in an event of default under the terms of our other indebtedness. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our debt arrangements, after the expiration of any grace periods, our lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under our debt arrangements, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. If this were to happen, we cannot ensure that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full the payments due under those arrangements or our other indebtedness or that we could find alternative financing to replace that indebtedness. We self-insure health benefits and may be adversely impacted by unfavorable claims experience. We are primarily self-insured for our health benefits. If the number or severity of claims increases, or we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because the claims prove to be more severe than our original assessment, our operating results would be adversely affected. Our future claims expense might exceed historical levels, which could reduce our earnings. We expect to periodically assess our self-insurance strategy. We are required to periodically evaluate and adjust our claims reserves to reflect our experience. However, ultimate results may differ from our estimates, which could result in losses over our reserved amounts. In addition, because we do not carry stop loss insurance, a significant increase in the number of claims that we must cover under our self-insurance retainage could adversely affect our profitability. Increasing costs of certain employee and retiree benefits could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 20 Our earnings may be positively or negatively impacted by the amount of income or expense we record for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. U.S. GAAP requires that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions relating to financial markets and other economic conditions. Changes in key economic indicators can change the assumptions. The most significant year-end assumptions used to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit expense for the following year are the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, expected future medical cost inflation, and expected compensation increases. In addition, we are required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant change to equity through a reduction or increase to other comprehensive income. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements can be affected by pension and other postretirement benefit plans accounting policies, see Management s Discussion and Analysis Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Although U.S. GAAP expense and pension or other postretirement contributions are not directly related, the key economic factors that affect U.S. GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash we would contribute to the pension or other postretirement plans. Potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law, Employee Retirement Income Security Act, and discretionary contributions to improve the plans funded status. An obligation to make contributions to pension plans could reduce the cash available for working capital and other corporate uses. GENERAL RISKS Our future growth and continued success are dependent upon our key personnel. Our success in driving business performance and executing our growth strategy is dependent upon the efforts of our senior management personnel and our ability to attract and retain other highly qualified management and technical personnel. Because of the complex nature of many of our products and services, and our focus on technological and product innovations, we are generally dependent on an educated and highly skilled workforce, including our engineering talent and our sales professionals. We strive to attract and hire talented employees, as well as support their growth, development, and engagement. However, we face competition for management and qualified technical personnel from other companies and organizations, which has intensified for a variety of reasons, including wage inflation, sustained labor shortages, and a shift toward remote work. Therefore, we may not be able to retain our existing management and technical personnel or fill new management or technical positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover at our existing compensation levels. Although we have entered into change of control agreements with some members of senior management, we do not have employment contracts with our key executives. As some of our key executives approach retirement age, we have made a concerted effort to reduce the effect of the loss of our senior management personnel through management succession planning. However, we may be required to devote significant time and resources to identify and integrate key new personnel should key management losses occur earlier than anticipated. The loss of members of our senior management and qualified technical personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if the United States were to withdraw from or materially modify certain international trade agreements, or if tariffs or other restrictions on the foreign-sourced goods that we sell were to increase. A significant portion of our business activities are conducted in foreign countries, including Mexico and Canada. Our business benefits from free trade agreements such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement ("USMCA") and relies on various U.S. corporate tax provisions related to international commerce as we build, market, and sell our products globally. Although there are no immediate effects on our operations with respect to USMCA, we cannot predict future developments in the political climate involving the United States, Mexico and Canada, and thus, these may have an adverse and material impact on our operations and financial growth. The USMCA is subject to renewal in 2026 and the U.S. government has recently indicated that it intends to negotiate changes to the USMCA with the Mexican and Canadian governments. The effects of such negotiations and any changes to the USMCA may negatively impact our operations in Mexico and Canada, and may significantly and materially increase our costs by increasing the cost of shipping products from our facilities in Mexico and in Canada. The United States and other countries have levied tariffs and taxes on certain goods, such as those implemented by the United States, Canada, and China in recent years. Some of our products are included in these tariffs. The imposition of new or increased tariffs, duties, border adjustment taxes, or other trade restrictions by the United States could also result in the adoption of new or increased tariffs or other trade restrictions by other countries. The tariffs may in the future increase our cost of materials and may cause us to increase prices to our customers, which we believe may reduce demand for our products in the U.S. and abroad. Media and political reactions in the affected countries could potentially exacerbate the impact on our operations in those countries. Our price increases may not be sufficient to fully offset the impact of the tariffs, and result in lowering our margin on products sold. If the U.S. government increases or implements additional tariffs, or if additional tariffs 21 or trade restrictions are implemented by other countries, the resulting trade barriers could have a significant adverse impact on our suppliers, our customers and on our business. We are not able to predict future trade policy of the U.S. or of any foreign countries in which we operate or purchase goods, or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements, or their impact on our business. Global economic conditions may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Historically, we have not been significantly impacted by inflation, with increases in raw material costs or payroll costs generally offset through lean manufacturing activities or pricing initiatives. However, in recent history, we have experienced heightened pressures in our costs of material, services, and especially labor, consistent with the overall high rates of inflation. We have consistently focused on mitigating inflation through pricing and operational excellence initiatives, and generally have been able to offset these cost increases, as a portion of our contracts contain terms and conditions that enable us to pass inflationary price increases to our customers. In those cases whereby inflationary increases are not contractually stipulated, we aim to actively negotiate price increases. We have consistently made annual investments in capital that deliver efficiencies and cost savings, while continuing to focus on negotiating better contract terms, especially on long-term agreements. While the historical benefits of these efforts have generally offset the margin impact of competitive pricing conditions in the markets that we serve, there are no assurances that higher prices can effectively be passed through to our customers or that we will be able to fully offset the effects of higher costs through price increases on a timely basis. Although we have significant discretionary funding capacity through our generation of significant operating cash flows coupled with access to the credit markets, our ability to fund our operations could be negatively impacted by the following factors: (a) global macroeconomic uncertainty, (b) the ongoing trade disputes between the United States, Canada, and China, (c) armed conflicts around the world, such as those in Ukraine, (d) any conflict or threatened conflict between China and Taiwan (including the imposition of related sanctions by the United States and other countries as well as measures taken in response to such sanctions), (e) any prolonged future U.S. government shutdown, (f) inflationary pressures, (g) rising interest rates, (h) labor shortages, (i) global supply chain disruptions, and (j) uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets. In addition, certain of our customers and suppliers could be affected directly by an economic downturn and could face credit issues or cash flow problems that could give rise to payment delays, increased credit risk, bankruptcies, and other financial har dships, which could impact custom