=== CW_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere, and may further be described in our prior and future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other written and oral statements made or released by us. Such forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, without limitation, those contained in Item 1. Business, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, including, without limitation, the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in or additions to the factors affecting such forward-looking statements. Item 1. Business. GENERAL Curtiss-Wright Corporation is a Delaware corporation, with its principal executive office in Davidson, North Carolina. In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, Curtiss-Wright , the Company , we , us , and our refer to Curtiss-Wright Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. BUSINESS DESCRIPTION Curtiss-Wright Corporation is a global integrated business that provides highly engineered products, solutions, and services mainly to Aerospace Defense ("A D") markets, as well as critical technologies in demanding commercial nuclear power, process, and industrial markets. Curtiss-Wright maintains a unique presence on high-performance platforms and critical applications that require our technical sophistication, and we benefit from decades of engineering expertise and knowledge transfer. Curtiss-Wright has been involved in numerous firsts in the industry, and since the origin of many of our markets, including commercial aerospace (our history dates back to the Wright Brothers and their historical first manned flight), naval nuclear power (presence on the first nuclear naval vessel), commercial power (our products were utilized in the first commercial nuclear power plant), and defense electronics (use of commercial off-the-shelf ("COTS") electronics in military applications). Today, we maintain competitive positions in the majority of our key A D and commercial end markets through engineering and technological leadership, precision manufacturing, and long-standing customer relationships where we are deeply embedded in our customers' workflows. We are committed to continuously driving innovation and investment in technologies, while also aligning our core competencies with new applications and evolving market trends. Our investments typically target the fastest growth vectors and secular trends that align with our strengths in attractive end markets. 4 Our portfolio of highly competitive technologies is relied upon to improve safety, operating efficiency, and reliability, while meeting performance requirements in the most demanding environments. Our products are often in must-not-fail safety-critical applications. Our ability to provide mission critical, niche products and services on a cost-effective basis is fundamental to our strategy to drive increased value to our customers, which include defense prime contractors, commercial aerospace original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"), and numerous energy and manufacturing companies. We compete globally, primarily based on technology and pricing. Our principal domestic manufacturing facilities are located in Arizona, California, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina, and internationally in Canada, Mexico, and the United Kingdom. Our Strategy Curtiss-Wright's Pivot to Growth strategy focuses on maximizing revenue, operating income, and free cash flow growth to drive continued value creation for its shareholders. It is built upon a strong foundation of operational and financial excellence where we strive for consistent growth in sales, operating margin, diluted earnings per share, and free cash flow. We believe that Curtiss-Wright is differentiated by the strength of its combined portfolio, benefiting from long-term stability in our defense businesses and agility in our commercial businesses. Our strategy is centered on a renewed drive for top-line acceleration through both organic and inorganic sales growth, building on the strengths within our A D and commercial markets, while deepening and expanding our customer relationships by continuing to advance the One Curtiss-Wright vision through Commercial Excellence. We are well positioned in the markets in which we operate, and aspire to grow our critical mass by expanding our global manufacturing capabilities, sales channels and customer relationships, while also seeking to build upon cross-market opportunities that may exist within our defense and commercial market technologies. Our Operational Growth Platform accelerates the Pivot to Growth strategy by driving continued opportunities for margin expansion and savings across the portfolio which allows us to maintain steady investments in research and development ("R D") to fuel both innovation and organic growth. We also utilize a strong and healthy balance sheet to implement a disciplined capital allocation strategy prioritized by acquisitions as well as returns to shareholders, principally through share repurchases as well as dividends, which will collectively drive long-term shareholder value. Through the Pivot to Growth strategy, we are building strong momentum to compound sustained profitable growth. Business Segments We manage and evaluate our operations based on the products and services we offer and the different markets we serve. Based on this approach, we operate through three reportable segments: Aerospace Industrial, Defense Electronics, and Naval Power. Aerospace Industrial Sales in the Aerospace Industrial segment are primarily generated from the commercial aerospace and general industrial markets and, to a lesser extent, the defense markets. The businesses in this segment provide a diversified offering of highly engineered products and services including: (i.) sensors, controls, and electro-mechanical actuation components used on commercial and military applications, (ii.) surface technology services, such as shot peening, laser peening, and engineered coatings utilized in both commercial and defense end market applications, and (iii.) industrial and specialty vehicle products, such as power management electronics, traction inverters, transmission shifters, and control systems. Across these markets we have long-standing customer relationships and maintain a broad portfolio of products and services promoting efficiency, safety, reduced emissions, and longevity. The commercial aerospace business is primarily impacted by OEM production rates of new aircraft, while the defense business is primarily impacted by government funding and spending on new programs, primarily driven by the U.S. Government. Certain industrial businesses within our Aerospace Industrial segment are impacted primarily by general economic conditions, which may include consumer consumption or commercial construction rates, as the nature of their products and services primarily support global industrial, commercial vehicles, medical, and transportation industries. The production and service processes rest primarily within material modification, machining, assembly, and testing and inspection at commercial grade specifications. The businesses distribute products through commercial sales and marketing channels. Defense Electronics 5 Sales in the Defense Electronics segment are primarily to the defense markets, where we support government entities in aerospace defense, ground defense, and naval defense, and, to a lesser extent, the commercial aerospace market. The defense businesses in this segment provide a diversified offering of products including COTS embedded computing board-level modules and processing equipment, data acquisition and flight test instrumentation equipment, integrated subsystems, instrumentation and control systems, tactical communications solutions for battlefield network management, and electronic stabilization products. These businesses are influenced by government funding and spending, driven primarily by the U.S. Government, and supplemented by foreign defense spending (e.g. NATO and allied countries). As a supplier of Modular Open Systems Approach ("MOSA") based solutions, we are aligned with the best-in-class open standards-based architectures within the industry. As a result, we have widespread platform-level content on fighter jets, helicopters, unmanned aerial vehicles ("UAVs"), ground combat equipment, tactical vehicles, and nuclear and non-nuclear surface ships and submarines, including a presence on more than 400 defense platforms and more than 3,000 programs worldwide. Additionally, we provide avionics and electronics, flight test equipment, and aircraft data recorder and management solutions to the commercial aerospace market. Our defense businesses supporting government contractors typically utilize more advanced and ruggedized production and service processes compared to our commercial businesses and have more stringent specifications and performance requirements based on their support of key Department of War ("DoW") priorities such as cyber, security and the net-centric connected battlefield. Our businesses also benefit from outsourcing from defense primes (push towards affordability and standard open architecture) as well as our focus on total lifecycle management services and technology refreshes in defense electronics. The businesses in this segment typically market and distribute products through regulated government contracting channels. Naval Power Sales in the Naval Power segment are primarily to the naval defense and power process markets and, to a lesser extent, the aerospace defense market. For the naval defense market, we provide naval propulsion and auxiliary equipment, including main coolant pumps, power-dense compact motors, generators, steam turbines, valves, and secondary propulsion systems, primarily to the U.S. Navy, most notably supporting the Virginia-class and Columbia-class submarine programs, as well as the Ford-class aircraft carrier program. We also provide ship repair and maintenance for the U.S. Navy s Atlantic and Pacific fleets and naval industrial base through three coastal service centers. The naval defense businesses in this segment are primarily impacted by government funding and spending, primarily driven by the U.S. Government on shipbuilding programs, and supplemented by foreign defense spending, particularly for our aircraft handling equipment. For the aerospace defense market, we provide aircraft arresting systems equipment including energy absorbers, retractable hook cable systems, net-stanchion systems and mobile systems to support fixed land-based arresting systems. For the power process markets, we provide a diversified offering of products for commercial nuclear power plants and nuclear equipment manufacturers, including hardware, valves, fastening systems, specialized containment doors, airlock hatches, simulation equipment and spent fuel management products supporting the continued performance, safety and modernization of operating reactors worldwide. The majority of our revenues in this market today support the maintenance of nuclear reactors across North America. These businesses also support operating reactors in the U.K. and South Korea. In the new build market, we provide Reactor Coolant Pumps ("RCP"s) and control rod drive mechanisms for commercial nuclear power plants, most notably to support the Generation III+ Westinghouse AP1000 reactor design. We are also actively engaged and pursuing business on the leading advanced Small Modular Reactor ("SMR") designs which are anticipated to serve numerous purposes, ranging from generating electricity or creating process heat for industrial applications, to powering data centers. In the Process market, we furnish specialized and innovative severe-service valve technologies and services, heat exchanger repair, and piping test and isolation products to the oil and gas, chemical, petrochemical, and industrial markets worldwide. In addition, we are developing critical subsea pumping technology for the oil and gas industry, leveraging our experience and existing technology as a long-term producer of canned motor pumps for the U.S. nuclear Navy and commercial nuclear market. The commercial businesses in this segment are dependent upon the need for ongoing maintenance, repair and overhaul of existing power plants, as well as the construction of new power plants globally, and typically market and distribute products through commercial sales and marketing channels, while the defense businesses typically utilize regulated government contracting channels. OTHER INFORMATION Certain Financial Information For information regarding sales by geographic region, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In 2025, 2024, and 2023, our foreign operations as a percentage of pre-tax earnings were 41% , 38%, and 35%, respectively. Government Sales 6 Our sales to the U.S. Government and foreign government end use represented 58%, 57%, and 56% of total net sales during 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In accordance with normal U.S. Government business practices, contracts and orders are subject to partial or complete termination at any time at the option of the customer. In the event of a termination for convenience by the government, there generally are provisions for recovery of our allowable incurred costs and a proportionate share of the profit or fee on the work completed, consistent with regulations of the U.S. Government. Fixed-price contracts usually provide that we absorb the majority of any cost overrun. In the event that there is a cost underrun, the customer typically recoups a portion of the underrun based upon an agreed-upon formula. Generally, long-term contracts with the U.S. Government require us to invest in and carry significant levels of inventory. However, where allowed, we utilize progress payments and other interim billing practices, to reduce working capital requirements. It is our policy to seek customary progress payments on certain contracts. Where we obtain such payments under U.S. Government prime contracts or subcontracts, the U.S. Government generally has control of the materials and work in process allocable or chargeable to the respective contracts. Customers We have hundreds of customers in the various industries that we serve. No customer accounted for more than 10% of our total net sales during 2025, 2024, or 2023. Approximately 47% of our total net sales for 2025, 48% for 2024, and 46% for 2023 were derived from contracts with agencies of, and prime contractors to, the U.S. Government. Information on our sales to the U.S. Government, including both direct sales as a prime contractor and indirect sales as a subcontractor, is as follows: Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Aerospace Industrial $ 181,042 $ 167,509 $ 146,205 Defense Electronics 761,926 711,538 638,597 Naval Power 704,051 617,389 529,968 Total U.S. Government sales $ 1,647,019 $ 1,496,436 $ 1,314,770 7 Executive Officers Name Current Position Business Experience Age Executive Officer Since Lynn M. Bamford Chair and Chief Executive Officer Chair of the Board of Directors since May 5, 2022 and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation since January 1, 2021. She also formerly held the title of President of the Corporation from January 1, 2021 to May 5, 2022. Prior to this, she served as President of the former Defense and Power segments of the Corporation from January 2020. She also served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Company s Defense Solutions and Nuclear divisions from 2018, and Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Defense Solutions division from 2013. She has held various leadership positions in the Corporation since 2004. She has been a Director of the Corporation since January 1, 2021. 62 2021 K. Christopher Farkas Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Executive Vice President of the Corporation since January 2026 and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation since May 2020. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of the Corporation from May 2020. He also served as Vice President of Finance from December 2017 and served as Vice President and Corporate Controller of the Corporation from September 2014. He also served as Assistant Corporate Controller of the Corporation from May 2009. 57 2014 Robert F. Freda Senior Vice President and Treasurer Senior Vice President of the Corporation since January 2026 and Treasurer of the Corporation since January 2021. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of the Corporation from January 2021. He also served as Assistant Corporate Controller of the Corporation from June 2017 and also served as Director of Finance from September 2006. 58 2021 George P. McDonald Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President of the Corporation since January 2026 and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Corporation since November 2024. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of the Corporation from November 2024. He also served as Deputy General Counsel from May 2024 and he served as Associate General Counsel of the Corporation from May 1999 to May 2024. 61 2024 Gary A. Ogilby Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller Senior Vice President of the Corporation since January 2026 and Corporate Controller of the Corporation since May 2020. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of the Corporation from May 2020. He also served as Vice President of Finance and Administration of the Company s Surface Technologies division from November 2016. He also served as Assistant Corporate Controller of the Corporation from 2014. 44 2020 Kevin M. Rayment Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Executive Vice President of the Corporation since January 2026 and Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation since April 1, 2021. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of the Corporation from April 1, 2021. He also served as President of the Aerospace Industrial segment (f/k/a Commercial/Industrial) of the Corporation from January 2020. He has held various leadership positions in the Corporation since 2004. 56 2021 John C. Watts Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer of the Corporation since January 2026. Prior to this, he served as Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development of the Corporation from May 2022. He also served as Vice President of Strategy and Communications of the Corporation from April 2015, and as Director and Vice President of Business Development for the Corporation s former Controls division from October 2006. 56 2022 8 Available information We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and proxy statements for our annual stockholders meetings, as well as any amendments to those reports, with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including our filings. These reports are also available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of our website at www.curtisswright.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file. Human Capital At the end of 2025, we had approximately 9,100 employees in more than 20 countries, approximately 6% of which are represented by labor unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements. Set forth below are some of the key aspects of Curtiss-Wright s human capital strategy: Compensation Programs and Employee Benefits Our success as an organization is ultimately dependent upon the success of our employees. As a result, we have made significant investments in order to attract, develop, and retain talented personnel, inclusive of competitive pay, benefits, training, and professional development opportunities. Notable programs offered include the following: Employer retirement plan matching contributions; Employee Stock Purchase Plan; Employer-sponsored health insurance; Tuition reimbursement program; Training and professional development; and Annual and local incentive compensation plans In addition to the above, we also offer equity-based incentive compensation plans to certain employees through the issuance of performance share units, restricted stock units, and cash-based performance units. Our equity-based incentive compensation plans ultimately act as a key lever for rewarding and retaining key employees, while also aligning the interests of our key employees and shareholders. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our equity-based incentive compensation plans. Company Culture We believe that our culture at Curtiss-Wright is just as essential as our products and services. Our culture impacts the quality of the employees we hire, the way we communicate and interact with our customers and each other, and our performance standards. Our culture is the cornerstone representing our values, our behaviors, our way of working, and how we approach our business, which is based on strong relationships and a dedication to taking care of one another and our customers. Curtiss-Wright believes in an inclusive workforce, where various backgrounds are represented, engaged, and empowered to inspire and innovate. We strive to foster a working environment where all employees are treated with respect and dignity. Discrimination is not tolerated at Curtiss-Wright. We are committed to high ethical standards and equal employment opportunities in all personnel actions, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, citizenship status, age, marital status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or veteran status. We maintain a Code of Conduct (the Code), an anti-harassment policy, and an equal employment opportunity policy, and provide training on these policies annually. We do business in more than 20 countries, and our employees operate across multiple cultures, functions, languages, and time zones to solve the technical and logistical challenges presented by its worldwide customer base. We are focused on promoting a culture that best leverages the talents of all employees, as well as implementing practices that attract, develop, and retain top talent. Our succession plans are geared at retaining and promoting our existing employees to provide equal opportunity and access to promotion within the organization. The Code mandates full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and helps to preserve the integrity of our Company. The Code is available within the Corporate Governance section of the Company s website at https://curtisswright.com/investor-relations/governance. 9 Talent Management Curtiss-Wright s talent strategy is designed to maximize the full potential of our people and our business. We are focused on providing an end-to-end experience from pre-hire to retirement. This includes creating inclusive, employee-centric experiences, cultivating leadership, offering multiple development pathways, and expanding the talent pipeline into and through the company. We hold regular succession and career development reviews to ensure line of sight to talent at various levels of the organization. Succession plans are refreshed and reviewed to ensure a robust, diverse pipeline of talent and business continuity with a tight linkage to development. We focus on accelerating learning and development of our leaders by providing a combination of experiences and education. Our New Business Leaders Program and Engineering Leadership Development Program offer developmental paths for new and experienced managers as well as engineers seeking to refresh or build their leadership capabilities. Hundreds of leaders have honed their skills leveraging various learning modalities, including virtual and in-person instructor-led, web-based training and micro-courses to support our managers. Our employee development programs are designed to strengthen employee skills that align to our current and future business needs, encourage knowledge sharing and support career progression and growth. We utilize our Learning Management System to provide our employees online career-specific tools, training, and resources, and we also support development opportunities through educational institutions with our Tuition Assistance Program. Our early-in-career rotation program for new business leaders develops talent pipelines with both depth of skills and breadth of experiences that are critical to the company s future talent needs. Our Technical Fellows program and our Innovation Council program is uniquely designed to cultivate technical, domain expertise and collaborative thought leadership for early through advanced career levels. As our Company continues to grow, we rely on an integrated talent acquisition approach. The Company strategically attracts, identifies, and onboards candidates in support of business needs and priorities. In order to accomplish our goals, we seek talent with unique perspectives, skills, and experiences; maintain strategic relationships with colleges; offer a robust employee referral program; and partner with numerous diversity organizations, military organizations, and trusted external partners, with a commitment to growing and supporting a diverse talent pipeline. Amidst the evolving and, at times, challenging hiring environment, we apply agile recruiting methods as we work to adapt to the changing labor marketplace and to ensure employees and candidates have an exceptional experience. Environmental, Health, and Safety The health, safety, and well-being of our employees, together with protection of the environment in the communities in which we operate, is a top priority for Curtiss-Wright. We take steps to ensure that we comply with applicable legal, regulatory, and other requirements in all material respects related to preventing pollution, injury, and ill health, and employ industry-leading, technologically sound, and economically feasible control mechanisms, procedures, and processes that improve our efforts. In addition, we provide training, education, safety monitoring and auditing, and health-awareness programs in our offices and factories. We also provide several channels for all employees to speak up, ask for guidance, and report concerns related to ethics or safety violations, and we address those concerns and take appropriate actions. We track total recordable rate ("TRR") and days away, restriction, and transfer rate ("DART") for all sites worldwide. Senior executives provide monthly reporting to the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Operating Officer ("COO") on their safety statistics, and are accountable and compensated based on their safety record. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our TRR and DART rates wer e 1.22 and 0.71, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our TRR and DART rates were 1.23 and 0.84, respectively. Ethics and Integrity Curtiss-Wright is deeply committed to ensuring that all of its employees conduct business with the highest levels of ethics and integrity and to complying with all laws and regulations applicable to its businesses. To support and articulate our commitment and responsibility in this regard, Curtiss-Wright maintains a Code of Conduct. The Code addresses several topics, including conflicts of interest, safeguarding assets, financial reporting, the protection of confidential information, insider trading, and general adherence to laws and regulations. All employees, including executive officers, must comply with the Code. In order to enhance understanding of and compliance with the Code, all employees are required to complete a training program annually which details ethical business practices, an inclusive workforce, and respectful treatment of our employees, and certify to their commitment to comply with the Code. The Corporation also requires employees to complete annual training programs covering such topics as data privacy management, anti-bribery/trade compliance (including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and the UK Bribery Act), harassment, and cybersecurity. In addition, the Corporation maintains an ethics-related global, multi-lingual hotline that is available at all times through which employees can report anonymously any issues of concern. The 10 hotline also facilitates the anonymous or direct communication of ethical, financial, discrimination, and health and safety concerns to the Office of General Counsel and serves as the vehicle through which employees and third parties may send communications to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors confidentially and anonymously regarding any accounting, internal controls, or auditing concerns. Employee Wellness We are committed to the physical and mental health and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of health and wellness programs. Offered services can include free annual biometric screening and health assessments at work or offsite, free flu shots, a tobacco cessation program, weight management programs, and an employee assistance program, which offers advice on mental health, legal, and financial 