=== [ER] philips-first-quarter-results-2026-report.pdf ===
Quarterly report Q1 2026 Philips delivers strong order intake, comparable sales growth and margin expansion in Q1; 2026 outlook reiterated Amsterdam, May 6, 2026 Q1 2026 Group performance • Comparable order intake growth 6% • Group sales of EUR 3.9 billion, reflecting 4% increase in comparable sales • Income from operations increased to EUR 241 million • Adjusted EBITA margin increased 40 basis points to 9.0% • Operating cash flow of EUR 188 million, with free cash flow of EUR 28 million • 2026 outlook reiterated Roy Jakobs, CEO of Royal Philips: “We delivered a good start to 2026, with strong order intake growth at 6%, comparable sales growth of 4% and margin expansion of 40 basis points, reflecting disciplined execution against our plan in an uncertain macro-environment. Sales grew across segments and was led by North America and Europe. We are moving forward with full energy on our new plan to accelerate profitable growth, built on three strategic pillars: focused segment-specific strategies, differentiated platform-based innovations, and disciplined execution. We are proud to remain the number one MedTech patent applicant in Europe and to have secured regulatory approval for key AI-powered innovations such as SmartHeart, which automates cardiac MR imaging planning in one click. Our unique, differentiated platforms drove strong demand by combining hardware, software and AI. DeviceGuide gained regulatory approval, adding AI-powered real-time guidance to complex cardiac procedures on the Azurion image-guided therapy platform. Our OneBlade grooming platform resonated with customers by providing superior experience and versatility in use. Disciplined execution underpins our progress as we navigate an increasingly dynamic macro-environment. In response to external pressures, we are focused on what we can control: stepping up productivity actions to offset the impact of tariffs and higher cost inflation, keeping our savings plans on track, and further strengthening our supply chain. At the same time, we are intensifying commercial and service excellence to reach more customers and consumers through our innovations. With quality at the heart of our operations, our entire team is dedicated to delivering better care for more people.” Group and segment performance Comparable order intake increased 6%, driven by growth in both Diagnosis & Treatment and Connected Care and continued strong performance in North America and International Region. Group comparable sales

=== [ES] philips-first-quarter-results-2026-presentation.pdf ===
Intro First quarter 2026 results Roy Jakobs, Chief Executive Officer Charlotte Hanneman, Chief Financial Officer May 6, 2026 Table of contents 2 First quarter 2026 performance 4 2026 outlook 17 Financial appendix 22 © 2024 Koninklijke Philips N.V. All rights reserved. Important information Forward-looking statements and other important information This document and the related oral presentation, including responses to questions following the presentation, contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business of Philips and certain of the plans and objectives of Philips with respect to these items. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements made about our strategy, estimates of sales growth, future Adjusted EBITA*, future restructuring and acquisition-related charges and other costs, future developments in Philips’ organic business and the completion of acquisitions and divestments. Forward-looking statements can be identified generally as those containing words such as “anticipates”, “assumes”, “believes”, “estimates”, “expects”, “should”, “will”, “will likely result”, “forecast”, “outlook”, “projects”, “may” or similar expressions. By their nature, these statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances and there are many factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, macro-economic and geopolitical changes – including the war in Ukraine and ongoing tensions in the Middle East – as well as measures such as enacted and proposed tariffs and trade actions introduced in response to rising global tensions; Philips’ ability to keep pace with the changing health technology environment; Philips’ ability to gain leadership in artificial intelligence and health informatics in response to developments in the health technology industry; integration of acquisitions and their delivery on business plans and value creation expectations; ability to meet expectations with respect to ESG-related matters; securing and maintaining Philips’ intellectual property rights, and unauthorized use of third-party intellectual property rights; failure of products and services to meet quality or security standards, adversely affecting patient safety and customer operations; the resilience of our supply chain; challenges in simplifying 