=== VLTO_2026-03-27.htm.gz ===
vlto-20260326 0001967680 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares 0001967680 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 6 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 7 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001967680 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001967680 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001967680 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. __ ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 VERALTO CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Items of Business 1 To elect the four Class III directors named in the attached Proxy Statement to hold office until the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. 2 To ratify the selection of Ernst Young LLP as Veralto s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. 3 To approve on an advisory basis the Company s named executive officer compensation. 4 To consider and act upon such other business as may properly come before the meeting or at any postponement or adjournment thereof. Who Can Vote Shareholders of Veralto common stock at the close of business on March 23, 2026 can vote at Veralto s 2026 Annual Meeting. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR PROXY OR VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AT YOUR EARLIEST CONVENIENCE, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING. Date of Mailing We intend to mail the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials (Notice of Internet Availability), or the Proxy Statement and proxy card as applicable, to our shareholders on or about March 27, 2026. May 13, 2026 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time Location: virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VLTO2026 REVIEW YOUR PROXY STATEMENT AND VOTE IN ONE OF THE FOLLOWING WAYS: VIA THE INTERNET Visit the website listed on your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card or voting instruction form BY TELEPHONE Call the telephone number on your proxy card or voting instruction form BY MAIL Sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction form in the enclosed envelope DURING THE ANNUAL MEETING While we encourage you to vote before the meeting, shareholders may vote online during the meeting by following the instructions on page 103 Please refer to the enclosed proxy materials or the information forwarded by your bank, broker, trustee or other intermediary to see which voting methods are available to you. Attending the Meeting The meeting will be held online. To attend the virtual meeting, you will need to enter the 16-digit control number included on your proxy card, Notice of Internet Availability or voting instruction form. By order of the Board of Directors, JAMES A. TANAKA Vice President, Securities Governance and Secretary 2026 PROXY STATEMENT i IMPORTANT NOTICE Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be held on May 13, 2026. This Proxy Statement and the accompanying Annual Report are available free of charge at: materials.proxyvote.com/92338C or investors.veralto.com/annual-report-and-proxy. PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 1 PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 12 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 21 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 36 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 40 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF VERALTO COMMON STOCK BY DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 41 PROPOSAL 2 RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 43 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 46 COMPENSATION TABLES AND INFORMATION 70 SUMMARY OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS AND PLANS 89 PROPOSAL 3 ADVISORY VOTE ON NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 100 GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING 102 OTHER INFORMATION 107 APPENDIX A RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 109 Proxy Statement Summary To assist you in reviewing the proposals to be acted upon at our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (the Annual Meeting), below is summary information regarding the meeting, each proposal to be voted upon at the meeting and Veralto Corporation s business performance, corporate governance, sustainability program and executive compensation. The following description is only a summary and does not contain all of the information you should consider before voting. For more information about these topics, please review Veralto s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and the complete Proxy Statement. In this Proxy Statement, the terms Veralto or the Company refer to Veralto Corporation, Veralto Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries or the consolidated subsidiaries of Veralto Corporation, as the context requires. All financial data in this Proxy Statement refers to continuing operations unless otherwise indicated. 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders TIME AND DATE LOCATION RECORD DATE 9:00 a.m. Eastern time Wednesday, May 13, 2026 Webcast in a virtual format at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VLTO2026 March 23, 2026 Voting Matters Proposal Description Board Recommendation PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF CLASS III DIRECTORS (PAGE 12 ) We are asking our shareholders to elect each of the four Class III directors identified below to serve until the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders. FOR each nominee PROPOSAL 2 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PAGE 43 ) We are asking our shareholders to ratify our Audit Committee s selection of Ernst Young LLP (E Y) to act as the independent registered public accounting firm for Veralto for 2026. Although our shareholders are not required to approve the selection of E Y, our Board believes that it is advisable to give our shareholders an opportunity to ratify this selection. FOR PROPOSAL 3 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION (PAGE 100 ) We are asking our shareholders to cast a non-binding, advisory vote on the compensation of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table (the named executive officers or NEOs). In evaluating this year s say-on-pay proposal, shareholders should review our Compensation Discussion and Analysis, which explains how and why the Compensation Committee of our Board arrived at its executive compensation actions and decisions for 2025. FOR Please see the sections titled General Information About the Meeting and Other Information beginning on page 102 for important information about the proxy materials, voting, the Annual Meeting, Company documents, communications and the deadlines to submit shareholder proposals and director nominations for next year s annual meeting of shareholders. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Company Overview Veralto (NYSE: VLTO) is a global technology company headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, and home to leading companies and brands united by a common purpose: Safeguarding the World s Most Vital Resources TM . Veralto companies help ensure billions of people around the world access clean water, safe food and trusted essential goods. Its businesses help deliver products and digital solutions through two primary segments: Water Quality , which provides water analytics and water treatment solutions to help analyze, monitor and improve water across industrial, environmental and research applications. Product Quality Innovation , which delivers marking and coding systems, and packaging and color management technologies, and related software that support product safety, traceability and brand integrity across consumer goods, food and beverage, and industrial markets. With approximately 17,000 associates and 2025 revenue of approximately $5.5 billion, Veralto combines a long-standing heritage of innovation and a portfolio of trusted, category-leading businesses all bolstered by the Veralto Enterprise System, the company s business system for driving operational excellence, growth and leadership. Veralto s operating model emphasizes continuous improvement, customer-centric innovation and disciplined capital allocation to drive sustainable growth. 2 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 2025 Performance Highlights In 2025, we grew our business, strengthened our portfolio, and delivered attractive value creation for all stakeholders. In doing so, three notable accomplishments stand out: We delivered on our financial commitments We increased our growth investments We strengthened our portfolio and increased our dividend Looking at our financial performance for the year, we delivered core sales growth, adjusted operating profit margin expansion, double-digit growth in adjusted earnings per share growth and strong cash flow. Our growth in 2025 demonstrates the durability of our businesses, fortified by the Veralto Enterprise System. Our simplification of VES and focus on leveraging high impact tools drove sales growth and margin expansion. Our results reflect our team s focus and application of VES tools to enhance commercial architecture, improve funnel management and increase lead generation. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 4 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Corporate Governance Highlights Our Board recognizes that Veralto s success over the long term requires a robust framework of corporate governance that serves the best interests of all shareholders. In connection with our Board s dedication to strong corporate governance, our Board has in recent years implemented the following corporate actions: Board Structure and Composition: Our Chair and CEO positions are separate , with an independent Chair . Board composition is critical, and Veralto continues to seek to optimize the mix of skills and expertise represented on our Board, as evidenced by the appointment in 2024 of an additional independent director with new digital skills and expertise . Our shareholders approved the phased declassification of our Board of Directors that provides for the annual election of directors after a sunset period starting with this Annual Meeting. Annual assessment and determination of optimal Board leadership structure . Executive sessions of the independent Directors at every regular meeting of the Board, without management present. Annual independent Director evaluation of our Chair and CEO and continuous Director feedback. Directors attended approximately 97% of Board and Committee meetings in 2025. 75% of members of the Audit Committee are audit committee financial experts. All members of our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees are independent as defined by the New York Stock Exchange listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Board Risk Oversight and Shareholder Engagement: Full Board oversees the development and execution of the Company s strategic plans . We maintain a related person transaction policy with oversight by the Nominating and Governance Committee. Committee core areas of focus include financial integrity and legal compliance (Audit), corporate governance (NGC), and compensation and succession planning (Compensation). Annual Board discussion of key significant risks identified in the Company s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process and regular discussion of risks. Directors have the ability to engage outside experts and consultants and to conduct independent investigations. Board oversight and ongoing engagement with senior executives on key matters, including cybersecurity (Audit), organizational initiatives, human capital oversight and talent development, external engagement (NGC), and AI risk oversight. We conduct multi-layered oversight of our sustainability program, disclosures and commitments by the Nominating and Governance Committee and the full Board . Formalized and documented in the Corporate Governance Guidelines oversight of our human capital management by the full Board in coordination with the Compensation Committee. Ongoing shareholder engagement. We hold a say-on-pay advisory vote every year . 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Governance Best Practices: Eliminated supermajority voting requirements applicable to shares of common stock in our governance documents. We have robust stock ownership requirements for our directors and executive officers. We have no shareholder rights plan . We maintain VES-focused orientation and continuing education programs for directors. Executive compensation is linked to the achievement of corporate goals that drive long-term shareholder value , including sustainability, and in 2025, every member of the Veralto executive team had sustainability goals tied to their personal performance objectives . We committed to equal pay for work of equal value for all our global associates by 2030 . We maintain a comprehensive clawback policy to both time-based and performance-based awards with expanded recoupment provisions beyond SEC requirements. Conduct our annual self-assessment process to assess, in detail, the effectiveness of the Board and each of its Committees, with thoughtful, candid feedback. Enhanced anti-overboarding provisions in our Corporate Governance Guidelines to limit directors who are public company executives. Shareholder Engagement We actively seek and highly value feedback from our shareholders. During 2025, our Investor Relations outreach efforts focused on engaging shareholders and investors in connection with topics including our business strategy, acquisitions, end market trends, financial performance, governance and sustainability initiatives. Attendees included members of our senior management. We shared feedback received during these meetings with our Board, informing their oversight. 6 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Board of Directors Below is an overview of each of the Class III director nominees you are being asked to elect at the Annual Meeting and of each of our continuing directors. Committee Memberships Name and Principal Occupation Independent Age Director Class Director Since A C N Jennifer L. Honeycutt President and Chief Executive Officer, Veralto Corporation 56 III 2023 Linda Filler Chair of the Board Former President of Retail Products, Chief Marketing Officer, and Chief Merchandising Officer, Walgreen Co. 66 III 2023 Fran oise Colpron Retired Group President, North America Valeo SA 55 I 2023 Daniel L. Comas Retired Executive Vice President, Danaher Corporation 62 II 2023 Shyam P. Kambeyanda President and Chief Executive Officer and Director, ESAB Corporation 55 I 2023 William H. King Retired Senior Vice President Strategic Development, Danaher Corporation 58 I 2023 Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Retired Partner, Hogan Lovells 82 II 2023 C Heath A. Mitts Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, TE Connectivity 55 III 2023 Vijay P. Sankaran Chief Technology Officer, Johnson Controls 52 I 2024 John T. Schwieters Former Principal, Perseus TDC 86 II 2023 C Cindy L. Wallis-Lage Retired Executive Director, Sustainability and Resilience Black Veatch Holding Company 63 II 2023 Thomas L. Williams Retired Executive Chairman, Parker Hannifin Corporation 67 III 2023 C C Chair Member A = Audit Committee C = Compensation Committee N = Nominating and Governance Committee 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Director Demographics Skills and Experience Global/International 11 Product Innovation 7 Accounting 4 l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l Water Quality (Segment) 6 Digital 5 Finance 7 l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l Sustainability 8 Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A 11 Branding/Marketing 5 l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l Product Quality Innovation (Segment) 6 Public Company CEO and/or President 6 Government or Regulatory 5 l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l 2025 Meeting Attendance 97% Directors Attended All Board and Committee Meetings 88% 12 Directors Attended At Least 88% of Board and Committee Meetings (9 Directors Attended 100% of Board and Committee Meetings 9 There were 9 Board Meetings in 2025 8 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Sustainability at Veralto Products Our products monitor, enhance and protect vital resources. 3.4 billion people around the world benefit from Hach solutions that help ensure clean water for daily use. 85 billion gallons of water that ChemTreat helped customers save. 14 trillion gallons of water treated and recycled through Trojan Technology systems. 10 billion products marked and coded daily by Videojet customers to support customers. Additionally, Veralto set an initial target for our EcoVadis responsible supply chain program to cover at least 40% of our annual supplier spend. Planet We mitigate our impact on the planet by continually improving how we work. In 2025: We advanced efforts related to our climate target to reduce our combined Scope 1+2 GHG emissions by 54.6% from a 2023 baseline by 2033 . We published a Water Stewardship Policy detailing Veralto s commitments to responsible water management. We committed to setting a Science-Based Target in 2026 . We participated in the CDP Climate and Water Security scorecards for the first time as a public company. People Our people create innovative solutions, breakthrough thinking, and a strong company community. We committed to equal pay for work of equal value for all our global associates by 2030 . 100% pay equity was maintained in the U.S. (gender/race). E very member of the Veralto executive team had sustainability goals tied to their personal performance objectives, which are linked to compensation. Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is as of December 31, 2024. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Executive Compensation Highlights Overview of Executive Compensation Program As discussed in detail under Compensation Discussion and Analysis, our executive compensation program is designed to build long-term shareholder value. To that end, the program is structured to: attract and retain executives with the leadership skills, attributes and experience necessary to succeed in an enterprise with Veralto s size, complexity and global footprint; motivate executives to deliver exceptional and sustained performance through a range of economic cycles; and link compensation to the achievement of corporate goals that drive long-term shareholder value. To achieve these objectives, our compensation program combines annual and long-term components, cash and equity, and fixed and variable elements, with an emphasis on long-term, performance-based equity awards tied closely to shareholder returns and subject to significant vesting periods. Our executive compensation program rewards our executive officers when they help increase long-term shareholder value, achieve annual business goals and build long-term careers with Veralto. Compensation Governance The Compensation Committee maintains a robust governance framework to ensure the long-term success of our executive compensation program. The Committee regularly reviews external compensation practices and trends to inform its decisions. The Company engages in leading compensation practices as follows: WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DON T DO Four-year vesting requirement for stock options and RSUs; three-year performance period for PSUs No tax gross-up provisions (except as applicable to management employees generally such as relocation policy) Incentive compensation programs feature multiple, different performance measures aligned with the Company s strategic performance metrics No single trigger change of control benefits Short-term and long-term performance metrics that balance our absolute performance and our relative performance versus peer companies No U.S. defined benefit pension programs Rigorous, no-fault clawback policy that is triggered even in the absence of wrongdoing, in addition to a robust policy allowing recoupment from executives engaging in detrimental behavior No permitted hedging of Veralto securities Minimum one-year vesting requirement for 95% of shares granted under the Company s stock plan No long-term incentive compensation denominated or paid in cash Stock ownership requirements for all executive officers No above-market returns on deferred compensation plans Limited perquisites No overlapping performance metrics between short-term and long-term incentive compensation programs All Veralto executives have adopted sustainability performance objectives aligned with Veralto s purpose of Safeguarding the World s Most Vital Resources TM Independent compensation consultant that performs no other services for the Company 10 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Named Executive Officers 2025 Compensation The Company believes in pay for performance and aligning pay with shareholder interests and the Company s business objectives. In 2025, the majority of executive compensation was tied to performance in the form of annual incentives and long-term equity compensation (such as performance share units). As displayed in the charts below, in 2025, 90.2% of the target direct compensation for Ms. Honeycutt was in the form of performance-based and/or equity-based compensation, with the remaining 9.8% set as base salary. For our other NEOs, 76.1% of their target direct compensation was performance-based and/or equity-based compensation with the remaining 23.9% set as base salary. CEO Other NEOs Component 90.2% at Risk 76.1% at Risk Base Salary Target Annual Cash Compensation Target Long-Term Incentive (Equity) * These graphics represent our CEO s and other named executive officers target total direct compensation for 2025, defined as base salary, target annual cash compensation target, and target (non GAAP) equity value. We encourage you to read our Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A), which begins on page 46 and describes our pay for performance philosophy and each element of compensation. Our Board of Directors recommends approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our NEOs, as further described in the CD A and compensation tables and in Proposal 3 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation beginning on page 100 . 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Declassification of the Board Our board currently consists of 12 members. Pursuant to Veralto s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (Certificate of Incorporation) adopted prior to our separation from Danaher and prior to the appointment of any of the current directors other than Ms. Honeycutt, the Board has been constituted into three classes as follows: Class I: Fran oise Colpron, Shyam P. Kambeyanda, William H. King and Vijay P. Sankaran, whose terms expire at the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders; Class II : Daniel L. Comas, Walter G. Lohr, Jr., John T. Schwieters and Cindy L. Wallis-Lage, whose terms expire at the 2028 annual meeting of shareholders; and Class III: Jennifer L. Honeycutt, Linda Filler, Heath A. Mitts and Thomas L. Williams, whose terms expire at the Annual Meeting. At the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, our shareholders approved a proposal from our Board to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to declassify the Board and to provide, starting with this Annual Meeting, for the election of directors to one-year terms. As a result, our Board will be declassified in the following manner: The directors elected at this Annual Meeting (and at each annual meeting thereafter) will serve one-year terms Beginning with the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders, a majority of the directors will be elected annually Beginning with the 2028 annual meeting of shareholders, the entire Board will be elected annually Election of Directors At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will be asked to elect each of the current Class III director nominees identified below (who have been recommended by the Nominating and Governance Committee and nominated by the Board and currently serve as Class III directors of Veralto) to serve a one-year term until the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. We have set forth below information as of March 23, 2026 relating to each nominee for election as director and each director continuing in office, including: his or her principal occupation and any board memberships at other public companies during the past five years; the other experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that led the Board to conclude that he or she should continue to serve as a director of Veralto; the year in which he or she became a director; and age. Please see Corporate Governance Board Selection for a further discussion of the Board s process for nominating Board candidates. In the unlikely event a nominee declines or is unable to serve, the proxies may be voted in the discretion of the proxy holders for a substitute nominee designated by the Board, or the Board may reduce the number of directors to be elected. We do not expect this event to occur. 12 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Class III Director Nominees LINDA FILLER Age 66 INDEPENDENT Board Chair and Class III Director since 2023 Committees: Compensation Other Public Directorships: Danaher Corporation The Carlyle Group Ms. Filler retired as President of Retail Products, Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Merchandising Officer at Walgreen Co., a retail pharmacy company, in April 2017. Prior to Ms. Filler s role at Walgreen, she served in executive roles for leading consumer products and retail organizations, including Executive Vice President-Merchandising at Walmart, Inc., Executive Vice President-Global Strategy at Kraft Foods, and CEO of the largest branded apparel unit of Hanesbrands/Sara Lee. Her responsibilities have straddled U.S. and international general management roles, corporate strategy, product innovation, marketing and merchandising responsibilities, manufacturing and logistics operations, retail logistics and operations, and corporate social responsibility. Understanding and responding to the needs of our customers is fundamental to Veralto s business strategy, and Ms. Filler s expertise with customers, brand management and portfolio strategy benefit Veralto and is a valuable resource to Veralto s Board. Her prior leadership experiences with large global public companies, and in particular her focus on global portfolio strategy, capital allocation and strategic brand development, is a key asset to Veralto. Ms. Filler has served as a director for Danaher since 2005 and as its Lead Independent Director since 2020, where she also has served on various committees, including as chair of its nominating and governance committee. Ms. Filler has also served on The Carlyle Group Inc. board of directors since 2022. Ms. Filler also serves or has served on private and philanthropic boards. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Sustainability Accounting Product Quality Innovation (Segment) Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Finance Product Innovation Public Company CEO and/or President Branding/Marketing Water Quality (Segment) JENNIFER L. HONEYCUTT Age 56 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Class III Director since 2023 Committees: None Other Public Directorships: None Ms. Honeycutt serves as Veralto s President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board, and served as Executive Vice President with responsibility for Danaher s Environmental Applied Solutions segment from July 2022 through September 2023. Prior to that, Ms. Honeycutt served in leadership positions in a variety of different functions and businesses after joining Danaher in 1999, including most recently as Executive Vice President for Danaher s Life Sciences Tools Platform and Global High Growth Markets from January 2021 through September 2022, Vice President Group Executive within Danaher s Life Sciences Platform from May 2019 through January 2021, and as President of Pall Corporation from January 2017 through January 2021. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Product Innovation Public Company CEO and/or President Water Quality (Segment) Sustainability Branding/Marketing Product Quality Innovation (Segment) Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Government, Legal or Regulatory Digital 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS HEATH A. MITTS Age 55 INDEPENDENT Class III Director since 2023 Committees: Audit Other Public Directorships: TE Connectivity Mr. Mitts has served since September 2016 as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of TE Connectivity, a technology company that designs and manufactures connectors and sensors for several industries, where he is responsible for developing and implementing financial strategy. Mr. Mitts has also served as a director of TE Connectivity since March 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Mitts served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and in other executive financial roles for IDEX Corporation, an applied solutions company specializing in fluid and metering technologies, health and science technologies, and fire, safety and other diversified products, from 2005 to September 2016, and as Chief Financial Officer PerkinElmer, Asia, based in Singapore, from 2001 to 2005. Prior to his service with PerkinElmer, Mr. Mitts held various senior financial leadership positions during his tenure at Honeywell International from 1996 to 2001. Mr. Mitts also served as a director of Columbus McKinnon Corporation, a material handling and motion control manufacturer, from May 2015 to January 2024, where he served on the audit and compensation committees. Mr. Mitts extensive senior financial leadership experience at decentralized, business-system driven publicly traded companies, including expertise leading acquisitions and water sector knowledge, as well as his public board expertise, make him a valuable resource to the Veralto Board. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Finance Water Quality (Segment) THOMAS L. WILLIAMS Age 67 INDEPENDENT Class III Director since 2023 Committees: Compensation (Chair) Other Public Directorships: Sherwin-Williams Mr. Williams served as Executive Chairman of Parker Hannifin Corporation, which manufactures and sells motion and control technologies and systems for mobile, industrial and aerospace markets, from January 2023 to December 2023. From the time he joined Parker Hannifin in 2003, Mr. Williams served as Chief Executive Officer and director of Parker Hannifin from February 2015 to December 2022, as Chairman of the board of directors of Parker Hannifin from January 2016 to December 2022. From 2006 to January 2015, he was Executive Vice President and Operating Officer of Parker Hannifin with responsibility for Parker s Aerospace, Engineered Materials, Filtration, Instrumentation and Asia Pacific groups and its Strategic Pricing department. From 2003 to 2006, Mr. Williams was VP of Operations for Hydraulics and President of the Instrumentation Group. Prior to joining Parker Hannifin, Mr. Williams held a number of key management positions at General Electric Company, a diversified manufacturing company. Mr. Williams is currently a director of Sherwin-Williams, a paint and coatings company, since July 2023 and serves on its compensation committee. Previously, he served as a director at Chart Industries, Inc., a global manufacturer of highly-engineered equipment serving the clean energy and industrial gas markets, from 2008 to 2019, and a director of Goodyear Tire Rubber Company from February 2019 to April 2024. Mr. Williams significant chief executive officer experience and operational leadership at public companies, including his deep knowledge of executive compensation and governance expertise from his service on the boards of multiple public companies, are a valuable resource to the Veralto Board. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Sustainability Public Company CEO and/or President Digital Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Product Innovation THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH OF THE FOREGOING CLASS III DIRECTOR NOMINEES. 14 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Continuing Directors FRAN OISE COLPRON Age 55 INDEPENDENT Class I Director since 2023 Committees: Compensation Nominating and Governance Other Public Directorships: Celestica Inc. Sealed Air Corporation Sodexo SA Ms. Colpron served as Group President, North America of Valeo SA, a global automotive supplier enabling smart mobility, from March 2008 to July 2022, and was responsible for Valeo s activities in the United States, Mexico and Canada. She joined Valeo in 1998 in the legal department and held several positions, first as Legal Director for the Climate Control branch in Paris, and then as General Counsel for North and South America, from 2005 to 2015. Before joining Valeo, Ms. Colpron began her career as a lawyer at Ogilvy Renault in Montreal, Canada (now part of the Norton Rose Group). Ms. Colpron s global business experience includes prior work assignments in Europe, Asia and North America. Since December 2025, Ms. Colpron has served as a director of Sodexo SA, a global leader food services and facilities management, where she currently serves on its audit committee. Since October 2022, Ms. Colpron has served as a director of Celestica Inc., a global leader in high reliability design, manufacturing and supply chain solutions, where she currently serves as the chair of its governance committee. Since May 2019, Ms. Colpron has served as a director of Sealed Air Corporation, a global packaging solutions company, where she has served on various committees, including its people and compensation committee since May 2021, where she served as chair until December 2024. Ms. Colpron previously served as a director of Alstom, a rail transportation manufacturing company, from July 2017 to September 2019, as well as on the boards of directors of other industry associations. Ms. Colpron has received recognition by various automotive industry and business organizations, and was inducted into the French L gion d Honneur in 2015. A corporate director and strategic leader with over 30 years of global business and legal experience, Ms. Colpron provides international expertise coupled with extensive board experience. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Sustainability Government, Legal or Regulatory Product Quality Innovation (Segment) Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Finance Product Innovation Public Company CEO and/or President DANIEL L. COMAS Age 62 Class II Director since 2023 Committees: None Other Public Directorships: Fortive Corporation Mr. Comas served as Executive Vice President of Danaher from April 2005 through December 2020, including as Chief Financial Officer from April 2005 through December 2018, and currently serves as an advisor to Danaher. From the time he joined Danaher in 1991 until his appointment as Executive Vice President, Mr. Comas served in various roles with responsibilities over corporate development, treasury, finance and risk management. Mr. Comas has also served on the board of directors of Fortive Corporation since March 2021, where he also serves on the compensation committee. Mr. Comas has deep expertise in finance, strategy, corporate development, capital allocation, accounting, human capital management, and risk management. His role in Danaher s mergers and acquisition program is a domain expertise that is particularly valuable to Veralto given the importance of its acquisition program. In addition, through his extensive leadership experience at Danaher, he has direct understanding of the principles of VES and its culture of continuous improvement. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Government, Legal or Regulatory Accounting Product Quality Innovation (Segment) Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Finance Water Quality (Segment) 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS SHYAM P. KAMBEYANDA Age 55 INDEPENDENT Class I Director since 2023 Committees: Audit Other Public Directorships: ESAB Corporation Mr. Kambeyanda has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of ESAB Corporation, an American-Swedish diversified industrial company and manufacturer of equipment and consumables and automation solutions for use in cutting, welding and gas control applications, since April 2022. From May 2016 to April 2022, he served in a series of progressively responsible executive roles at Colfax Corporation, from which ESAB was spun-off. Mr. Kambeyanda oversaw the growth of ESAB s fabrication technology business, expanding ESAB s global operations, improving financial performance and driving ESAB Business Excellence (EBX) throughout the business. Prior to joining Colfax and ESAB, Mr. Kambeyanda served in executive roles at Eaton Corporation from 1995 to 2016, with a strong supply chain, strategy and operations focus. Mr. Kambeyanda maintains a keen international perspective on driving growth and business development in emerging markets. He brings extensive senior executive and leadership experience, in particular for global businesses, which we believe is of key importance for Veralto. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Sustainability Accounting Digital Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Government, Legal or Regulatory Product Innovation Public Company CEO and/or President Branding/Marketing WILLIAM H. KING Age 58 Class I Director since 2023 Committees: None Other Public Directorships: None Mr. King served as Senior Vice President - Strategic Development of Danaher from 2014 until his retirement in February 2025, after having served as Vice President Strategic Development from 2005 to 2014. From the time he joined Danaher in 1998 until his appointment as Vice President - Strategic Development, Mr. King served in various general management and functional roles with responsibilities over sales, marketing and business development. Mr. King s long-standing experience leading Danaher s strategy function gives him keen insights into Veralto s strategy, served industries and opportunities for future growth. His role in Danaher s mergers and acquisition program is a domain expertise that is particularly valuable to Veralto given the importance of its acquisition program. In addition, through his extensive leadership experience at Danaher, he has direct understanding of the principles of VES and its culture of continuous improvement. Mr. King has served as a director of W.L.Gore Inc., a family-owned medical and industrial products company, since January 2025. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Water Quality (Segment) Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Product Quality Innovation (Segment) Product Innovation Public Company CEO and/or President 16 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS WALTER G. LOHR, JR. Age 82 INDEPENDENT Class II Director since 2023 Committees: Nominating and Governance (Chair) Other Public Directorships: None Mr. Lohr was a partner of Hogan Lovells, a global law firm, until retiring in 2012, and has also served on the boards of private and non-profit organizations. Prior to his tenure at Hogan Lovells, Mr. Lohr served as assistant attorney general for the State of Maryland. Mr. Lohr also served on the board of directors of Danaher from 1983 to 2024, where he served on its audit, compensation, and nominating and governance committees. Mr. Lohr has extensive experience advising companies in a broad range of transactional matters, including mergers and acquisitions, contests for corporate control and securities offerings. His extensive knowledge of the legal strategies, issues and dynamics that pertain to mergers and acquisitions and capital raising is a critical resource for Veralto given the importance of its acquisition program. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Government, Legal or Regulatory VIJAY P. SANKARAN Age 52 INDEPENDENT Class I Director since 2024 Committees: Audit Other Public Directorships: None Mr. Sankaran has served as Vice President and Chief Digital and Information Officer of Johnson Controls International PLC, a global leader in smart, healthy, and sustainable buildings, since January 2025. Previously, he was Vice President and Chief Technology Officer from May 2021 to December 2024, where he focused on accelerating product software engineering development and expanding customer solutions through the company s digital platform. Mr. Sankaran has held leadership roles in technology transformation across a spectrum of industries, including various positions at TD Ameritrade and the Ford Motor Company. Mr. Sankaran s broad executive leadership and deep expertise in digital technology management bring invaluable perspectives to the Veralto Board. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Sustainability Finance Product Quality Innovation (Segment) Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Branding/Marketing Product Innovation Digital 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS JOHN T. SCHWIETERS Age 86 INDEPENDENT Class II Director since 2023 Committees: Audit (Chair) Other Public Directorships: Danaher Corporation Mr. Schwieters served as Principal of Perseus TDC, a real estate investment and development firm, from 2013 until May 2023. He also served as a Senior Executive of Perseus, LLC, a merchant bank and private equity fund management company, from 2012 to 2016, and as Senior Advisor from 2009 to 2012. Mr. Schwieters has served on the board of directors of Danaher since 2003, where he has served on its nominating and governance committee and as chair of its audit committee. In November 2025, Danaher announced that Mr. Schwieters has decided not to stand for reelection at its 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. In addition to his roles with Perseus, Mr. Schwieters led the Mid-Atlantic region of one of the world s largest accounting firms after previously leading that firm s tax practice in the Mid-Atlantic region, and has served on the boards and chaired the audit committees of several NYSE-listed public companies. He brings to Veralto extensive knowledge and experience in the areas of public accounting, tax accounting and finance, which are areas of critical importance to Veralto as a large, global and complex public company. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Sustainability Accounting Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Finance CINDY L. WALLIS-LAGE Age 63 INDEPENDENT Class II Director since 2023 Committees: Nominating and Governance Other Public Directorships: Comfort Systems USA Ms. Wallis-Lage served as Executive Director, Sustainability and Resilience of Black Veatch Holding Company, a private engineering, consulting and construction company with a more than 100-year track history of innovation in sustainable infrastructure, from January 2022 to September 2022. In this role, Ms. Wallis-Lage focused on driving a sustainability brand and establishing and integrating environmental, social and governance policies and practices. Prior to that, she served as President, Global Water Business of Black Veatch from January 2012 to December 2021. Ms. Wallis-Lage also served as a board director and executive committee member for Black Veatch from March 2012 to September 2022. A 36-year veteran of Black Veatch, Ms. Wallis-Lage was an active champion of water's true value and its impact on sustainable communities. In addition, Ms. Wallis-Lage has served on numerous not-for-profit boards within the water industry. Ms. Wallis-Lage currently serves on the board of Seven Seas Water Group, a private company focused on building, owning and operating decentralized water and wastewater facilities since November 2025, and on the board of the private company Metiri Group, a laboratory company serving the U.S.-based water sector since May 2023. She has served on the Comfort Systems USA board of directors since May 2021, where she served on various committees and currently serves as chair of its nominating, governance and sustainability committee. Ms. Wallis-Lage is well-known in the industry for her expertise in the treatment and reuse of water and wastewater resources. Her extensive senior executive experience leading strategies, development and operations of a global water-related business, including the development of sustainability practices and digital platforms, is a key asset to Veralto in light of its portfolio and strategic priorities. Ms. Wallis-Lage also provides valuable insight from her public board experience. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Global/International Sustainability Finance Water Quality (Segment) Digital Branding/Marketing 18 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board Selection Director Selection The Board and our Nominating and Governance Committee believe that it is important that our directors demonstrate the standards and qualifications set out in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, including: personal and professional integrity and character; prominence and reputation in his or her profession; skills, knowledge and expertise (including business or other relevant experience) that, in aggregate, are useful and appropriate to the effective oversight of Veralto s business; the extent to which the interplay of his or her skills, knowledge expertise and background with that of the other Board members will help build a Board that is effective in collectively meeting Veralto s strategic needs and serving the long-term interests of Veralto s shareholders; the capacity and desire to represent the interests of the shareholders as a whole; and availability to devote sufficient time to the affairs of Veralto. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for identifying and recommending to the Board a slate of nominees for election at each annual meeting of shareholders. Nominees may be suggested by directors, members of management, shareholders or, in some cases, by a third-party search firm engaged by the Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers a wide range of factors when assessing potential director nominees. This includes consideration of the current composition of the Board, any perceived need for one or more particular areas of expertise, the balance of management and independent directors, the need for committee-specific expertise, the evaluations of other prospective nominees and the qualifications of each potential nominee relative to the attributes, skills and experience described above. When Veralto recruits a director candidate, either a search firm engaged by the Nominating and Governance Committee or a member of the Board contacts the prospect to assess interest and availability. The candidate will then meet with members of the Board and at the same time, the Nominating and Governance Committee with the support of the search firm will conduct such further inquiries as the Committee deems appropriate. A background check is completed before a final recommendation is made to appoint a candidate to the Board. A shareholder who wishes to recommend a prospective nominee for the Board should notify the Nominating and Governance Committee in writing using the procedures described below under Other Information Communications with the Board of Directors with supporting materials the shareholder considers appropriate. If a prospective nominee has been identified other than in connection with a director search process initiated by the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Committee will make an initial determination as to whether to conduct a full evaluation of the candidate. The Nominating and Governance Committee s determination of whether to conduct a full evaluation will be based primarily on the Committee s view as to whether a new or additional Board member is necessary or appropriate at such time, the likelihood that the prospective nominee can satisfy the evaluation factors described above and any other factors as the Committee may deem appropriate. The Nominating and Governance Committee will take into account information provided to the Committee with the recommendation of the prospective candidate and any additional inquiries the committee may in its discretion conduct or have conducted with respect to such prospective nominee. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Skills, Expertise, and Composition The Board believes that the Board, taken as a whole, should broadly embody differences in professional experience and skills, global experience, education, and other individual qualities and attributes, which is appropriate in light of Veralto s business need and important to serving the long-term interests of our shareholders. Furthermore, the Board does not assign any particular weighting of any characteristic in evaluating nominees and directors. The chart that follows illustrates the broad skills and expertise represented on our Board. In addition, approximately 50% of our Board members represent different genders and/or racial/ethnic backgrounds, and our Board includes a broad range of ages and national origins. SKILLS AND EXPERTISE Colpron Comas Filler Honeycutt Kambeyanda King Lohr Mitts Sankaran Schwieters Wallis-Lage Williams Global/International Water Quality (segment) Product Quality Innovation (segment) Digital Product Innovation Sustainability Corporate Strategy, Capital Allocation, M A Public Company CEO and/or President Accounting Finance Branding/Marketing Government, Legal or Regulatory Board Orientation and Continuing Education Our new director orientation program includes extensive meetings with Veralto management and familiarizes new directors with Veralto s businesses, strategies, policies and VES; assists them in developing company and industry knowledge to optimize their Board service; and educates them with respect to their fiduciary duties and legal responsibilities and Veralto s sustainability framework. In addition, our director continuing education program provides ongoing learning opportunities through meetings with management, external speakers relevant to Veralto s strategy, onsite operating company visits, and attendance at Veralto s annual leadership conference, as well as access to corporate governance resources. 20 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Overview Our Board recognizes that Veralto s success over the long term requires a robust framework of corporate governance that serves the best interests of all shareholders. In connection with our Board s dedication to strong corporate governance, our Board has in recent years implemented the following corporate actions: Board Structure and Composition: Our Chair and CEO positions are separate , with an independent Chair . Board composition is critical, and Veralto continues to seek to optimize the mix of skills and expertise represented on our Board, as evidenced by the appointment in 2024 of an additional independent director with new digital skills and expertise . Our shareholders approved the phased declassification of our Board of Directors that provides for the annual election of directors after a sunset period starting with this Annual Meeting. Annual assessment and determination of optimal Board leadership structure. Executive sessions of the independent Directors at every regular meeting of the Board, without management present. Annual independent Director evaluation of our Chair and CEO and continuous Director feedback. Directors attended approximately 97% of Board and Committee meetings in 2025. 75% of members of the Audit Committee are audit committee financial experts. All members of our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees are independent as defined by the New York Stock Exchange listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Risk Oversight and Shareholder Engagement: Full Board oversees the development and execution of the Company s strategic plans . We maintain a related person transaction policy with oversight by the Nominating and Governance Committee. Committee core ares of focus include financial integrity and legal compliance (Audit), corporate governance (NGC), and compensation and succession planning (Compensation). Annual Board discussion of key significant risks identified in the Company s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process and regular discussion of risks. Directors have the ability to engage outside experts and consultants and to conduct independent investigations. Board oversight and ongoing engagement with senior executives on key matters, including cybersecurity (Audit), organizational initiatives, human capital oversight and talent development, external engagement (NGC), and AI risk oversight. We conduct multi-layered oversight of our sustainability program, disclosures and commitments by the Nominating and Governance Committee and the full Board . Formalized and documented in the Corporate Governance Guidelines oversight of our human capital management by the full Board in coordination with the Compensation Committee. Ongoing shareholder engagement. We hold a say-on-pay advisory vote every year . Governance Best Practices: Eliminated supermajority voting requirements applicable to shares of common stock in our governance documents. We have robust stock ownership requirements for our directors and executive officers. We have no shareholder rights plan . We maintain VES-focused orientation and continuing education programs for directors. Executive compensation is linked to the achievement of corporate goals that drive long-term shareholder value , including sustainability, and in 2025, every member of the Veralto executive team had sustainability goals tied to their personal performance objectives . We committed to equal pay for work of equal value for all our global associates by 2030 . We maintain a comprehensive clawback policy to both time-based and performance-based awards with expanded recoupment provisions beyond SEC requirements. Conduct our annual self-assessment process to assess, in detail, the effectiveness of the Board and each of its Committees, with thoughtful, candid feedback. Enhanced anti-overboarding provisions in our Corporate Governance Guidelines to limit directors who are public company executives. 22 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Leadership Structure and Oversight Board Leadership Structure The Board has separated the positions of Chair and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) because it believes that the separation of the positions best enables the Board to ensure that Veralto s business, risks, opportunities and affairs are managed effectively and in the best interests of shareholders. The entire Board selects the Chair, and our Board has selected Linda Filler, an independent director, as its Chair, in light of Ms. Filler s independence and her extensive experience with corporate governance, board management, shareholder engagement, risk management and corporate strategy. Ms. Filler s prior leadership experiences with large global public companies, and in particular her focus on global portfolio strategy, capital allocation and strategic brand development, are a key asset to Veralto. Moreover, Ms. Filler uses her management and director experience and Danaher board tenure and leadership to help ensure that the non-management directors have a keen understanding of Veralto s business as well as the strategic and other risks and opportunities that the Company may face. This enables the Board to more effectively provide insight and direction to, and exercise oversight of, Veralto s CEO and the rest of the management team responsible for the Company s day-to-day business (including with respect to risk management). As the independent Chair, Ms. Filler leads the activities of the Board, including: calling and presiding at all meetings of the Board; together with the CEO and the Corporate Secretary, setting the agenda for the Board; calling and presiding at the executive sessions of non-management directors and of the independent directors; advising the CEO on strategic aspects of Veralto s business, including developments and decisions that are to be discussed with, or would be of interest to, the Board; acting as a liaison as necessary between the non-management directors and the management of the Company; and acting as a liaison as necessary between the Board and the committees of the Board. In the event that the Chair is not an independent director, the Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the independent directors, upon recommendation from the Nominating and Governance Committee, will select by majority vote an independent director to serve as the Lead Independent Director with the authority to: preside at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including the executive sessions; call meetings of the independent directors; act as a liaison as necessary between the independent directors and the CEO; and advise with respect to the Board s agenda. The Board s non-management directors meet in executive session following the Board s regularly-scheduled meetings, with the executive sessions chaired by the independent Chair. In addition, the independent directors meet as a group in executive session at least quarterly. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Oversight Strategy One of the Board s primary responsibilities is overseeing management s development and execution of the Company s strategy. At least quarterly, the CEO, our executive leadership team and other business leaders provide detailed business and strategy updates to the Board. The Board annually conducts an in-depth review of the Company s overall strategy. At these reviews, the Board engages with our executive leadership team and other business leaders regarding business objectives and the application of VES, the competitive landscape, economic trends and other developments. On an annual basis the Board also reviews the Company s human capital, risk assessment/risk management, compliance and sustainability programs as well as the Company s operating budget, and at meetings occurring throughout the year the Board reviews acquisitions, strategic investments and other capital allocation topics as well as the Company s operating and financial performance, among other matters. The Board also looks to the expertise of its committees to inform strategic oversight in their areas of focus. OVERSIGHT OF STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS The Board oversees Veralto s strategic acquisition and integration process. Veralto views acquisitions as an important element of our strategy to deliver long-term shareholder value. Our Board includes 12 members with extensive business combination experience. That depth of experience allows the Board to constructively engage with management and effectively evaluate acquisitions for alignment with our strategy, culture and financial goals. Management is charged with identifying potential acquisition targets, executing transactions and managing integration, and our Board s oversight extends to each of these elements. Management and the Board regularly discuss potential acquisitions and their role in the Company s overall business strategy. These discussions address acquisitions in process and potential future acquisitions, and cover a broad range of matters which may include valuation, due diligence, risk and anticipated synergies with Veralto s businesses and strategy. With respect to more significant acquisitions, the Board discusses and evaluates a proposed opportunity over multiple meetings. The Board s acquisition oversight also extends across transactions and over time; at least annually the Board reviews and provides feedback regarding the operational and financial performance of our acquisitions. OVERSIGHT OF HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AND CEO SUCCESSION PLANNING The Board and Compensation Committee engage with our senior leadership team and human resources executives on a regular basis across a range of human capital management topics. As discussed above, Veralto is committed to attracting, developing, engaging and retaining the best people from around the world to sustain and grow our science and technology leadership. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, working with management, the Board, with such assistance from the Compensation Committee as the Board may request, oversees our human capital strategy spanning multiple key dimensions, including culture, governance, recruitment, engagement, executive succession planning and development, competitive compensation and benefits, performance management, talent development, and career mobility. The Board reviews the Company s human capital strategy annually and at other times during the year in connection with significant initiatives and acquisitions, supported by the Compensation Committee s oversight of our executive and equity compensation programs. With the support of our Nominating and Governance Committee, our Board also maintains and annually reviews both a long-term succession plan and emergency succession plan for the CEO position. The foundation of the long-term CEO succession planning process is a CEO development model consisting of three dimensions: critical experiences, leadership capabilities and personal characteristics/traits. The Board uses the development model as a guide in preparing candidates, and also in evaluating candidates for the CEO and other executive positions at the Board s annual talent review and succession planning session. At the annual session, the Board evaluates candidates using the development model, and reviews a candidate s development actions, progress and performance over time. The candidate evaluations are 24 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE supplemented with periodic 360-degree performance appraisals, and the Board also regularly interacts with any candidate through Board meeting presentations and at the Company s annual leadership conferences. Risk The Board s role in risk oversight at the Company is consistent with our leadership structure, with management having day-to-day responsibility for assessing and managing our risk exposure and the Board and its committees overseeing those efforts, with particular emphasis on the most significant risks facing the Company. Each of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees reports to the full Board on a regular basis, including as appropriate with respect to each committee s risk oversight activities. Since risk issues often overlap, committees from time to time request that the full Board discuss particular risks. The Board administers its risk oversight responsibilities both through active review and discussion of key risks facing the Company and by delegating certain risk oversight responsibilities to its committees, with oversight responsibility delegated to its committees where it believes each committee s focused domain expertise will support efficient and effective oversight, and each committee typically has responsibility with respect to risks that are associated with the purpose of, and responsibilities delegated to, that committee. The timeframe over which the Board and its committees evaluate risk typically varies depending on the nature of the risk. From time to time, the Board and/or its committees may consider inputs from outside advisors with respect to certain risks and risk trends. With respect to the manner in which the Board s risk oversight function impacts the Board s leadership structure, as described above, our Board believes that Ms. Filler s management and director experience and prior tenure at Danaher help the Board to more effectively exercise its risk oversight function. In determining to separate the position of the CEO and the Chair, and in determining the appointment of the Chair of the Board and the chairs of the committees, the Board and the Nominating and Governance Committee considered the implementation of a governance structure and appointment of chairpersons with appropriate and relevant risk management experience that would enable the Company to efficiently and effectively assess and oversee its risks. The graphic below summarizes the primary areas of risk overseen by the Board and by each of its committees. Board Risks associated with Veralto's strategic plan, acquisition and capital allocation program, capital structure, liquidity, organizational structure and other significant risks, AI risk oversight, and overall risk assessment and risk management policies. Audit Committee Major financial risk exposures, significant legal, compliance, reputational, cybersecurity, privacy risks and climate change and overall risk assessment and risk management policies. Compensation Committee Risks associated with compensation policies and practices, including incentive compensation. Nominating and Governance Committee Risks related to corporate governance, effectiveness of Board and committee oversight and review of director candidates, conflicts of interest, director independence and sustainability (including climate). Management Responsibility for assessing and managing Veralto's risk exposure. OVERSIGHT OF ENTERPRISE RISK The Board oversees the Company s risk management processes directly and through its committees. In general, the Board oversees the management of risks inherent in the operation of the Company s businesses, the implementation of its strategic plan, its acquisition and capital allocation program, its capital structure and liquidity and its organizational structure, and also oversees the Company s risk assessment and risk management policies. In addition, at least on an annual basis or more frequently as deemed appropriate by the Board, the Board reviews with senior leaders of the 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Company, the Company s enterprise risk management, with particular focus on the enterprise risks and opportunities with the greatest impact and highest probability. Furthermore, at least on an annual basis or more frequently as deemed appropriate by the Board, the Board reviews our insurance policies, including our director and officer insurance policy, general liability policy, and our cyber liability insurance policy. OVERSIGHT OF PORTFOLIO AND OPERATING SEGMENT RISK At each Board meeting, the Board oversees the Company s performance and execution against the strategic goals for the Company s operating segments, overall portfolio, and innovation. OVERSIGHT OF CYBERSECURITY RISK The Company takes a risk-based approach to cybersecurity and has implemented cybersecurity policies throughout its operations that are designed to address cybersecurity threats and incidents. The Company s cybersecurity program and policies articulate the expectations and requirements with respect to acceptable use, risk management, data privacy, education and awareness, security incident management and reporting, identity and access management, vendor due diligence, security (with respect to physical assets, products, networks, and systems), security monitoring and vulnerability identification. The cybersecurity program and policies are operated by a dedicated cybersecurity operations team. The program and policies are aligned with the Company s enterprise risk management program. The Company s cyber risk management program identifies, tracks, escalates, remediates, and reports risks at the corporate level and across each operating company. These risk areas include internal, product, vendor, supply chain, and external services leveraged across the Company. These risks are assessed, prioritized, and both tactically and strategically addressed via process, technology, and personnel improvements to help ensure ongoing mitigation and tracking. The Company s cybersecurity strategy is guided by prioritized risk, identified areas for improvement based on the National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework, and emerging business needs. This strategy is shared with the executive leadership at least annually. The Company maintains a global incident response plan, coupled with a global continuous monitoring program. This plan and program include incident alerting, comprehensive incident criticality assessments, and escalation processes to support teams, senior leadership, and the Board. This escalation process also includes cross-functional materiality determinations and applicable reporting requirements. The Company s cybersecurity operations team manages all facets of the security monitoring and global incident program, coordinating with a sourced managed services security provider and internal analysts across our operating companies. Applicable company employees are provided cybersecurity awareness training, which includes topics on the Company s policies and procedures for reporting potential incidents. The Company s cybersecurity team is continuously evaluating emerging risks, regulations, and compliance matters and updating the policies and procedures accordingly. Cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. OVERSIGHT OF COMPLIANCE RISK The Board has delegated to the Audit Committee the responsibility of exercising oversight with respect to the Company s compliance program and Code of Conduct. Consistent with such delegation, our Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer provide periodic reports to the Audit Committee regarding the Company s compliance program, including updates on complaints and questions received through the Company s Speak Up! hotline and progress on the Company s annual compliance training. Our Chief Compliance Officer reports directly to our Chief Legal Officer. In administering our Code of Conduct, our compliance team works closely with other corporate functions, including legal, human resources, internal audit and finance, to ensure and monitor compliance. We evaluate and manage risks relating to compliance as part of our enterprise risk management program. 26 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERSIGHT OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI) The Board oversees the Company s use of artificial intelligence (AI) technology, focusing on AI s impacts on increased efficiency and productivity through automation of routine tasks, enhanced decision-making through predictive analytics, and accelerated innovation through rapid analysis of complex datasets. The Board reviews management s policies and procedures regarding AI on at least an annual basis to help ensure the responsible development and use of AI to enhance the Company s operations, drive innovation and create value for stakeholders, while mitigating key risks. OVERSIGHT OF SUSTAINABILITY RISK The Board has delegated to the Nominating and Governance Committee the responsibility of exercising oversight with respect to the Company s sustainability programming and strategy. Consistent with such delegation, management provides periodic reports and updates to the Nominating and Governance Committee regarding the Company s sustainability program and strategies, including the corresponding risks and opportunities, goals, progress, shareholder engagement and disclosure. Additionally, the Nominating and Governance Committee coordinates with the Audit Committee, which oversees the Company s sustainability reporting with respect to climate change risk, and with the Compensation Committee, which oversees sustainability performance objectives linked to executive compensation. We evaluate and manage risks relating to sustainability issues, including climate-related risks, as part of our enterprise risk management program. See page 32 for further discussion on our Sustainability program. ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE The Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Committee (consisting of members of executive and senior management) leads the Company s enterprise risk management program. The ERM Committee inventories, assesses and prioritizes the most significant risks facing the Company as well as related monitoring of mitigation efforts. This oversight includes review and approval of the Company s enterprise risk management framework and policies to ensure that they are comprehensive, robust and upgraded regularly to reflect changes in the internal and external environment. The ERM Committee periodically updates the Audit Committee on its processes and at least annually, the ERM Committee reports to the Board the high priority risks identified by the ERM process and the success of mitigation efforts. DISCLOSURE COMMITTEE Our disclosure controls and procedures are part of, and therefore are uniformly aligned with, our risk oversight process. The Company s Disclosure Committee (consisting of members of senior management) is responsible for maintaining and monitoring our disclosure controls and procedures. Each quarter our Disclosure Committee evaluates, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period and facilitates disclosure in our periodic reports of management's conclusions regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Prior to such public disclosure, those evaluations and conclusions are discussed with the Audit Committee in connection with its review of our annual and quarterly reports, including our financial and risk disclosures contained in those reports, enabling the Board and its committees to provide effective risk oversight. Veralto s disclosure controls and procedures documentation specifically references our annual enterprise risk assessment process as an element of our disclosure controls and procedures, and requires membership overlap between the Disclosure Committee and ERM Committee. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors and Committees of the Board General Our Board met nine times in 2025. All directors attended at least 88% of the total number of meetings of the Board and of the committees of the Board on which they served held during 2025. Veralto convenes a Board meeting in conjunction with each annual meeting of shareholders and as a general matter expects that the members of the Board will attend the annual meeting. All members of the Board attended the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. The membership of each of the Board s committees as of March 23, 2026 is set forth below. While each of the committees is authorized to delegate its powers to sub-committees, none of the committees did so during 2025. The Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees report to the Board on their actions and recommendations at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Each such committee typically meets in executive session, without the presence of management, at its regularly scheduled meetings. Name of Director Audit Compensation Nominating and Governance Jennifer L. Honeycutt Linda Filler Fran oise Colpron Daniel L. Comas Shyam P. Kambeyanda William H. King Walter G. Lohr, Jr. C Heath A. Mitts Vijay P. Sankaran John T. Schwieters C Cindy L. Wallis-Lage Thomas L. Williams C # OF MEETINGS HELD IN 2025 7 5 4 C Chair Member AUDIT COMMITTEE Members: John T. Schwieters (Chair) Shyam P. Kambeyanda Heath A. Mitts Vijay P. Sankaran Meetings in 2025: 7 PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Assist the Board in overseeing the: quality and integrity of Veralto s financial statements; effectiveness of Veralto s internal control over financial reporting; qualifications, independence and performance of Veralto s independent auditors; performance of Veralto s internal audit function; Veralto s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; risks described above under Board Oversight - Risk ; and Veralto s swaps and derivatives transactions and related policies and procedures. Prepare the Audit Committee Report included in the Company s annual Proxy Statement. The Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee is independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act) and the NYSE listing standards and is financially literate within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. In addition, the Board has determined that Messrs. Schwieters, Kambeyanda and Mitts each qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 28 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Members: Thomas L. Williams (Chair) Fran oise Colpron Linda Filler Meetings in 2025: 5 PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Discharge the Board s responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive officers, including setting goals and objectives for, evaluating the performance of, and approving the compensation paid to, our executive officers; review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the adoption, amendment and termination of all executive incentive compensation plans and all equity compensation plans, and exercise all authority of the Board (and all responsibilities assigned by such plans to the Committee) with respect to the oversight and administration of such plans; review and consider the results of shareholder advisory votes on the Company s executive compensation, and make recommendations to the Board regarding the frequency of such advisory votes; monitor compliance by directors and executive officers with the Company s stock ownership requirements; assist the Board in overseeing the risks described above under Board Oversight of Risk ; review and discuss with Company management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and recommend to the Board the inclusion of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in the annual meeting proxy statement; prepare the Compensation Committee report included in the annual meeting proxy statement; and consider factors relating to independence and conflicts of interests in connection with the engagement of the compensation consultants that provide advice to the Committee. Each member of the Compensation Committee is a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and, based on the determination of the Board, independent under the NYSE listing standards and under Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. MANAGEMENT ROLE IN SUPPORTING THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE: Members of our senior management generally attend the Compensation Committee meetings. In addition, our CEO: provides background regarding the interrelationship between our business objectives and executive compensation matters and advises on the alignment of incentive plan performance measures with our overall strategy; participates in the Committee s discussions regarding the performance and compensation of the other executive officers and provides recommendations to the Committee regarding all significant elements of compensation paid to such officers, their annual, personal performance objectives and his evaluation of their performance (the Committee gives considerable weight to our CEO s evaluation of and recommendations with respect to the other executive officers because of her direct knowledge of each such officer s performance and contributions); and provides feedback regarding the companies that she believes Veralto competes with in the marketplace and for executive talent. Our human resources and legal departments also assist the Committee Chair in scheduling and setting the agendas for the Committee s meetings, preparing meeting materials and providing the Committee with data relating to executive compensation as requested by the Committee. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE (continued) INDEPENDENT COMPENSATION CONSULTANT ROLE IN SUPPORTING THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE: Under the terms of its charter, the Compensation Committee has the authority to engage the services of outside advisors and experts. The Compensation Committee has engaged Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. (FW Cook) as its independent compensation consultant. FW Cook was previously engaged by the Danaher Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees in connection with the Separation. Our Compensation Committee engaged FW Cook because it is considered one of the premier independent compensation consulting firms and has never provided any services to the Company other than the compensation-related services provided to or at the direction of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee. FW Cook takes its direction solely from the Compensation Committee (and with respect to matters relating to the non-management director compensation program, the Nominating and Governance Committee). In addition to the director compensation advice provided to the Nominating and Governance Committee, FW Cook s primary responsibilities in 2025 were to: provide advice and data in connection with the structuring of the executive and equity compensation programs and the compensation levels for the Company s executive officers compared to their peers; assess the Company s executive compensation program in the context of compensation governance best practices; update the Compensation Committee regarding legislative and regulatory initiatives as well as emerging trends and investor views in the area of executive compensation; provide data regarding the share dilution costs attributable to the Company s aggregate equity compensation program; and assist in the review of the Company s executive compensation public disclosures. The Compensation Committee does not place any material limitations on the scope of the feedback provided by FW Cook. In the course of discharging its responsibilities, FW Cook may from time to time and with the Compensation Committee s consent, request from management information regarding compensation amounts and practices, the interrelationship between our business objectives and executive compensation matters, the nature of the Company s executive officer responsibilities and other business information. The Compensation Committee has considered whether the work performed for or at the direction of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee raises any conflict of interest, taking into account the factors listed in Exchange Act Rule 10C-1(b)(4), and has concluded that such work does not create any conflict of interest. NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Members: Walter G. Lohr, Jr. (Chair) Fran oise Colpron Cindy L. Wallis-Lage Meetings in 2025: 4 PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Assist the Board in identifying individuals qualified to become Board members, and make recommendations to the Board regarding all nominees for Board membership; make recommendations to the Board regarding the size and composition of the Board and its committees; make recommendations to the Board regarding matters of corporate governance and oversee the operation of Veralto s Corporate Governance Guidelines and Related Person Transactions Policy; develop and oversee the annual self-assessment process for the Board, its committees, and our directors; assist the Board in our executive officer (including our CEO) succession planning; assist the Board in overseeing the risks described above under Board Oversight - Risk ; review and make recommendations to the Board regarding non-management director compensation; oversee the orientation process for newly elected members of the Board and continuing director education; and oversee the Company s sustainability program (and coordinate with the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee as appropriate with respect thereto). The Board has determined that all of the members of the Nominating and Governance Committee are independent within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. 30 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board, Committee and Individual Director Evaluations Our Board recognizes that a rigorous and constructive evaluation process is an essential component of good corporate governance and Board effectiveness. Under the leadership of our Chair, the Nominating and Governance Committee oversees the annual evaluation process and periodically reviews the format of the process to help ensure it is eliciting actionable feedback with respect to the effectiveness of the Board, Board committees and individual directors. The annual Board, committee and individual director evaluation process consists of the following components: Board Committee Self-Assessment Individual Director Self-Assessment Self-Assessment Meetings Acting Upon Results 1 2 3 4 Each director completes a questionnaire assessing the performance of the Board and its committees (as applicable) in overseeing strategy; capital allocation; operations; financial integrity; legal compliance and risk management; leadership succession planning; governance; sustainability; and executive compensation, as well as the effectiveness of Board processes. Each director also completes a self-assessment questionnaire, assessing their own performance with respect to meeting attendance and preparedness; Board and committee contributions; and engagement with management and with fellow directors, and identifying their director education priorities. The questionnaire results are provided to the Board and to each of the committees, and the Board and each committee holds an executive session (facilitated by the Chair at the Board level and by the respective committee chair at the committee level) to discuss the results, identify areas for continued improvement and prioritize director education topics. The results of the committee sessions are communicated to the full Board of Directors. As a result of the Board s prior-year self-assessment process, the Board would be expected to identify opportunities to further strengthen the Board s practices. Shareholder Engagement and Alignment Shareholder Engagement Program We actively seek and highly value feedback from our shareholders. During 2025, our Investor Relations outreach efforts focused on engaging shareholders and investors in connection with topics including our business strategy, acquisitions, end market trends, financial performance, governance and sustainability initiatives. Attendees included members of our senior management. We shared feedback received during these meetings with our Board, informing their oversight. Key Policies Aligning Company and Shareholder Interests Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership Requirements Our Board has adopted stock ownership requirements for non-management directors. Under the requirements, each non-management director (within five years of their initial election or appointment) is required to beneficially own Veralto shares with a market value of at least five times their annual cash retainer (excluding the additional cash retainers paid to the committee chairs). Once a director has acquired a number of shares that satisfies such ownership multiple, such number of shares then becomes such director s minimum ownership requirement (even if their retainer increases or the fair market value of such shares subsequently declines). Under the policy, beneficial ownership includes RSUs held by the director, shares in which the director or their spouse or child has a direct or indirect interest, but does not include shares subject to unexercised stock options. We have also adopted stock ownership requirements for our executive officers ; please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Stock Ownership-Related Policies. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Recoupment (Clawback) Policy To further discourage inappropriate or excessive risk-taking, our Board adopted a rigorous compensation recoupment (or clawback) policy applicable to our executive officers who are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 under the Exchange Act (covered persons), including our NEOs, effective October 2, 2023. The policy was adopted in accordance with SEC rules and NYSE listing standards, which mandate the recovery of certain erroneously paid performance-based incentive compensation that may be received by our current and former Section 16 officers on or after October 2, 2023, if the Company has a required accounting restatement during the three completed fiscal years immediately prior to the fiscal year in which a financial restatement determination is made. Pursuant to the policy, the Board will, in addition to all other remedies available to us, require reimbursement or payment to us of any erroneously paid performance-based incentive compensation awarded to any covered person within the three-year look back period. Also pursuant to the policy, the Board has the right to require reimbursement of the entire amount of any such incentive compensation payment (including for this purpose any time-based equity awards not otherwise covered by the policy) from any covered person whose fraud or other intentional misconduct in the Board s judgment alone or with others caused the accounting restatement. In addition, the stock plans in which our executive officers participate contain provisions for recovering awards upon certain circumstances. Under the terms of our 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Omnibus Plan), if an employee is terminated for gross misconduct, the administrator may cause the participant s unexercised or unvested equity awards to be partially or completely forfeited. In addition, under the terms of our Executive Deferred Incentive Program (EDIP), if termination of an employee s participation in the plan resulted from the employee s gross misconduct, the administrator may determine that the employee s vesting percentage is zero with respect to all balances that were contributed by the Company. In 2025, the Board amended the recoupment policy to include best practice provisions beyond SEC requirements . The expanded provisions include clawback triggers for misconduct and reputational harm absent any financial restatement to both time-based and performance-based awards. Anti-Pledging/Hedging Policy Our Corporate Governance Guidelines prohibit any director or executive officer from pledging as security under any obligation any shares of Veralto common stock that the director or officer directly or indirectly owns and controls, except for any shares that were pledged as of the date the policy was adopted. Veralto policy also prohibits Veralto directors and employees (including executive officers) from engaging in short sales of Veralto common stock, transactions in any derivative of a Veralto security (including, but not limited to, buying or selling puts, calls or other options (except for instruments granted under a Veralto equity compensation plan)) or any other forms of hedging transactions with respect to Veralto securities. Sustainability Many companies recognize the importance of measuring, documenting, and improving the impact that they have on global stakeholders. At Veralto, that commitment runs deep. It stems from our Unifying Purpose: Safeguarding the World s Most Vital Resources . To us, that means working day in and day out to help ensure that people around the planet have access to clean water, safe food, and trusted essential goods. It also means taking meaningful actions that demonstrate our support of the environment, equity, and social responsibility. Veralto s commitment begins with our Unifying Purpose, and it is grounded in our Veralto Values: We serve humanity with purpose and integrity. We unlock ingenuity for customer success. We deliver results as a team. We continually improve for enduring impact. These values shaped both the development of our sustainability strategy and the way we work to rigorously bring it to life. Our approach is grounded in the way we develop and leverage our products; reduce our impact on the planet; and demonstrate our commitment to our people. 32 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Recent sustainability actions: Products Our products monitor, enhance and protect vital resources. 3.4 billion people around the world benefit from Hach solutions that help ensure clean water for daily use. 85 billion gallons of water that ChemTreat helped customers save. 14 trillion gallons of water treated and recycled through Trojan Technology systems. 10 billion products marked and coded daily by Videojet customers to support customers. Additionally, Veralto set an initial target for our EcoVadis responsible supply chain program to cover at least 40% of our annual supplier spend. Planet We mitigate our impact on the planet by continually improving how we work. In 2025 We advanced efforts related to our climate target to reduce our combined Scope 1+2 GHG emissions by 54.6% from a 2023 baseline by 2033 . We published a Water Stewardship Policy detailing Veralto s commitments to responsible water management. We committed to setting a Science-Based Target in 2026 . We participated in the CDP Climate and Water Security scorecards for the first time as a public company. People Our people create innovative solutions, breakthrough thinking, and a strong company community. We committed to equal pay for work of equal value for all our global associates by 2030 . 100% pay equity was maintained in the U.S. (gender/race). Every member of the Veralto executive team had sustainability goals tied to their personal performance objectives, which are linked to compensation. Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is as of December 31, 2024. The Veralto Enterprise System (VES) While we are motivated by our Unifying Purpose, we believe what sets Veralto apart is our ability to deploy VES tools and turn our commitments into action. VES is a proven business system and the bedrock of our culture. It is a mindset grounded in kaizen, or continuous improvement, with a set of curated tools designed to create enduring impact. VES tools are organized around Operational Excellence, Growth, and Leadership, and rooted in foundational tools known as the VES Fundamentals, which are relevant to every associate and business function. These fundamentals focus on core competencies such as using visual representations of processes to identify inefficiencies, creating standard work, defining and solving problems in a structured way, and continuously improving processes to drive long term impact. Our use of VES tools to refine our processes continuously also contributes to our effectiveness in supporting our customers as they seek to optimize their own operations and achieve their sustainability objectives. We believe that our ability to use VES tools to improve across these dimensions will increase customer satisfaction and help us maintain and grow our competitive advantage. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Throughout the enterprise, our team is committed to deploying VES tools to improve commercial execution, product innovation, operational excellence and talent acquisition and management. In the spirit of continuous improvement, we have already started evolving the VES tools to better manage our program for VES Certified Practitioners, assess VES capability, and advance our early-stage innovation tools. Our Approach to Sustainability Sustainability is embedded in Veralto s business strategy. At our core, the products and services we provide underscore our commitment to advancing the broad sustainability objectives of our customers. Our sustainability program is organized around the three pillars of Products, Planet, and People. These pillars allow us to organize our sustainability priorities in alignment with the functional leaders in our enterprise who are best positioned to take ownership and accountability for our sustainability projects and initiatives. We balance these priorities across the organization based on resource availability and feasibility. Coupled with strong corporate governance practices to provide oversight and management support, the sustainability program is positioned to iteratively prioritize initiatives using the insights we glean from engaging with our stakeholders. 34 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Sustainability and Corporate Governance Governance starts with the Board of Directors. Our Board, either directly or through its committees, is responsible for overseeing our governance framework in general and our sustainability program in particular as part of its risk oversight function. As delegated by the Board, the Nominating and Governance Committee assumes primary oversight responsibility (interacting with the Audit and the Compensation Committees, as appropriate for certain matters) to provide oversight for our sustainability program, including Veralto s sustainability strategy, targets, and metrics. Our Board reviews our sustainability program at least annually. At the managerial level, Veralto s Senior Vice President of Strategy Sustainability, who reports directly to our President and CEO, oversees our sustainability program and the Veralto Sustainability Council and is responsible for reviewing and approving Veralto s sustainability reports. Veralto s Sustainability Council develops and drives our roadmap of sustainability initiatives. This council and its working groups includes representation from our Water Quality and Product Quality Innovation segments, as well as the corporate human resources; environment, health, and safety; Veralto Enterprise System; procurement; investor relations; finance; IT; corporate communications; and legal functions. Corporate Governance Guidelines, Committee Charters and Code of Conduct As part of its ongoing commitment to good corporate governance, our Board has codified its corporate governance practices into a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines and has also adopted written charters for each of the committees of the Board. Veralto has also adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) and employees, known as the Code of Conduct. The Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters of each of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees and Code of Conduct are available in the Investors Corporate Governance section of our website at veralto.com . 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 Director Compensation Non-Management Director Compensation Program Non-Management Director Compensation Philosophy We use a combination of cash and equity-based compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on the Board. The Board and the Nominating and Governance Committee set director compensation based on the following principles: Fairly compensate directors for the work required in a company of our size and scope, and differentiate among directors where appropriate to reflect different levels of responsibilities; Allocate a significant portion of the total compensation in stock-based awards to align directors interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders; and Maintain a simple and transparent compensation program structure. Process for Setting Non-Management Director Compensation The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding non-management director compensation (although the Board makes the final determination regarding the amounts and type of non-management director compensation). The Committee engages FW Cook, the Board s independent compensation consultant, to prepare regular reports on market non-management director compensation practices and evaluate our program in light of the results of such reports. The Committee reviews non-management director compensation annually and consults FW Cook for market insights and recommendations. The Omnibus Plan limits the amount of cash and equity compensation that we may pay to a non-management director each year. Under the plan terms, each non-management director is limited to a maximum sum of $800,000 in cash and equity-based awards per calendar year (calculated based on the grant date fair value of such awards for financial reporting purposes) for services as a member of the Board. 2025 Non-Management Director Compensation Structure + Board Chair $ 150,000 * Audit Committee Chair $ 25,000 Compensation Committee Chair $ 20,000 Nominating and Governance Chair $ 15,000 * Equity retainer 36 2026 PROXY STATEMENT DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Director cash retainers are paid quarterly in arrears. Director annual equity awards and the Board chair equity retainer are divided equally (based on target award value) between options and RSUs. The options are fully vested as of the grant date. The RSUs vest upon the earlier of - (1) the first anniversary of the grant date, or - (2) the date of, and immediately prior to, the next Veralto annual meeting of shareholders following the grant date, but the underlying shares are not issued until the earlier of the director s death or the first day of the seventh month following the director s retirement from the Board. Veralto reimburses directors for Veralto-related out-of-pocket expenses, including travel expenses. Key Changes to Non-Management Director Compensation Program for 2026 As part of the Nominating and Governance Committee s annual review of non-management compensation, its independent compensation consultant, FW Cook, concluded that Veralto paid its directors below the peer group median in 2025. The Committee considered FW Cook s recommendations together with the principles outlined in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, and accordingly recommended, and the Board approved, increasing the annual stock-based award for non-management directors from $165,000 to $200,000 to approximate the total compensation of the peer group market median while continuing to align its directors interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders. In addition, the Board approved a voluntary non-qualified, deferred compensation plan for non-management directors, effective after the 2026 shareholder meeting. Each non-management director can elect to defer all or a portion of their cash director fees in a particular year. Amounts deferred under the plan will be converted into a particular number of phantom shares of Veralto common stock, calculated based on the closing price of Veralto s common stock on the date that such quarterly fees would otherwise have been paid. Dividends accrued on phantom shares will be deemed invested in phantom shares of Veralto common stock. A director can elect to have their plan balance distributed upon cessation of Board service, or one, two, three, four or five years after cessation of Board service. All distributions from the plan will be in the form of whole shares of Veralto common stock. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Director Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes the compensation paid by Veralto to the non-management directors for their service in 2025. Ms. Honeycutt serves as a director and executive officer of Veralto but she does not receive any additional compensation for services provided as a director. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1)(2) Option Awards ($) (1)(2) Total ($) Fran oise Colpron 105,000 81,775 82,507 269,282 Daniel L. Comas 105,000 81,775 82,507 269,282 Linda Filler 105,000 156,053 157,510 418,563 Shyam P. Kambeyanda 105,000 81,775 82,507 269,282 William H. King 105,000 81,775 82,507 269,282 Walter G. Lohr, Jr. 120,000 81,775 82,507 284,282 Heath A. Mitts 105,000 81,775 82,507 269,282 Vijay P. Sankaran 105,000 81,775 82,507 269,282 John T. Schwieters 130,000 81,775 82,507 294,282 Cindy L. Wallis-Lage 105,000 81,775 82,507 269,282 Thomas L. Williams 125,000 81,775 82,507 289,282 (1) The amounts reflected in these columns represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the applicable award computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. With respect to stock awards, the grant date fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 is calculated based on the number of shares Veralto common stock underlying the award, times the closing price of the Veralto common stock on the date of grant (but discounted to account for the fact that RSUs do not accrue dividend rights prior to vesting and distribution). With respect to stock options, the grant date fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 has been calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on the following assumptions (and assuming no forfeitures): for the 2025 stock option grants to all directors above, a 6.0 year option life; a risk-free interest rate of 4.09%; a stock price volatility rate of 30.58%; and a dividend yield of 0.44% per share. 38 2026 PROXY STATEMENT DIRECTOR COMPENSATION (2) The table below sets forth as to each non-management director the aggregate number of unvested RSUs and aggregate number of stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2025. All of the stock options set forth in the table below are fully vested. The RSUs set forth in the table below vest in accordance with the terms described above. Name of Director(s) Aggregate Number of Stock Options Held as of December 31, 2025 (#) Aggregate Number of Unvested RSUs Held as of December 31, 2025 (#) Fran oise Colpron 5,860 818 Daniel L. Comas 5,860 818 Linda Filler 11,302 1,561 Shyam P. Kambeyanda 5,860 818 William H. King 5,860 818 Walter G. Lohr, Jr. 5,860 818 Heath A. Mitts 5,860 818 Vijay P. Sankaran 4,270 818 John T. Schwieters 5,860 818 Cindy L. Wallis-Lage 5,860 818 Thomas L. Williams 5,860 818 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 39 Director Independence and Related Person Transactions Director Independence At least a majority of the Board must qualify as independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. The Board has affirmatively determined that Mses. Filler, Colpron and Wallis-Lage and Messrs. Kambeyanda, Lohr, Mitts, Sankaran, Schwieters and Williams are independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. Ms. Filler serves as an independent Chair of the Board. The Board concluded that none of these directors possesses any of the bright-line relationships set forth in the listing standards of the NYSE that prevent independence, or any other relationship with Veralto other than Board membership. The Board assesses on a regular basis, and at least annually, the independence of directors and, based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, makes a determination as to which members are independent. Veralto s non-management directors meet in executive session following the Board s regularly-scheduled meetings. The sessions are chaired by the independent Chair of the Board. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Policy Under our Related Person Transactions Policy, the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board is required to review and, if appropriate, approve all related person transactions prior to consummation whenever practicable. If advance approval of a related person transaction is not practicable under the circumstances or if our management becomes aware of a related person transaction that has not been previously approved or ratified, the transaction is promptly submitted to the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee is required to review and consider all relevant information available to it about each related person transaction, and a transaction is considered approved or ratified under the policy if the Nominating and Governance Committee authorizes it according to the terms of the policy after full disclosure of the related person s interests in the transaction. Related person transactions of an ongoing nature are reviewed annually by the Nominating and Governance Committee. The definition of related person transactions for purposes of the policy covers the transactions that are required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 40 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Beneficial Ownership of Veralto Common Stock by Directors, Officers and Principal Shareholders The following table sets forth as of March 23, 2026 (unless otherwise indicated) the number of shares and percentage of Veralto common stock beneficially owned by (1) each person who owns of record or is known to Veralto to beneficially own more than five percent of Veralto common stock, (2) each of Veralto s directors and named executive officers, and (3) all executive officers and directors of Veralto as a group. Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) (#) Percent of Class (1) (%) Notes Jennifer L. Honeycutt 450,477 * Includes options to acquire 292,498 shares, 52,296 shares attributable to her account in the Veralto deferred compensation program and 670 shares attributable to a 401(k) account. Linda Filler 18,548 * Includes options to acquire 11,352 shares and 7,196 shares held in a trust. Fran oise Colpron 7,413 * Includes options to acquire 5,860 shares. Daniel L. Comas 30,385 * Includes options to acquire 5,860 shares. Shyam. P. Kambeyanda 5,860 * Includes options to acquire 5,860 shares. William H. King 13,590 * Includes options to acquire 5,860 shares. Walter G. Lohr, Jr. 136,193 * Includes options to acquire 5,860 shares and 130,333 shares held indirectly in a trust. Heath A. Mitts 5,980 * Includes options to acquire 5,806 shares. Vijay P. Sankaran 5,112 * Includes options to acquire 4,720 shares. John T. Schwieters 18,143 * Includes options to acquire 5,860 shares and 10,283 shares held indirectly in a trust. Cindy L. Wallis-Lage 5,860 * Includes options to acquire 5,860 shares. Thomas L. Williams 7,413 * Includes options to acquire 5,860 shares. Melissa Kapity (formerly Aquino) 73,960 * Includes options to acquire 72,660 shares, 354 shares attributable to her account in the Veralto deferred compensation program and 599 shares attributable to a 401(k) account. Lesley Beneteau 55,747 * Includes options to acquire 51,844 shares. Mattias Bystr m 99,896 * Includes options to acquire 86,645 shares. Sameer Ralhan 11,175 * Includes 906 shares attributable to his account in the Veralto deferred compensation program. Surekha Trivedi 101,356 * Includes options to acquire 98,347 shares and 966 shares attributable to her account in the Veralto deferred compensation program. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 41 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF VERALTO COMMON STOCK BY DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) (#) Percent of Class (1) (%) Notes The Vanguard Group 29,199,453 11.8% Derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed November 12, 2024 by The Vanguard Group, which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of September 30, 2024. According to the Schedule 13G/A, The Vanguard Group has shared voting power over 315,898 shares, sole dispositive power over 28,090,409 shares, and shared dispositive power over 1,109,044 shares. The address of The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. BlackRock, Inc. 23,645,501 9.6% Derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed November 8, 2024 by BlackRock, Inc., which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of September 30, 2024. According to the Schedule 13G/A, BlackRock has sole voting power over 21,685,263 shares and sole dispositive power over 23,645,501 shares. The address of BlackRock, Inc. is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. 10,627,157 4.3% Derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed [XX] by T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc., which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of September 30, 2024. According to the Schedule 13G/A, T. Rowe Price has sole voting power over 10,125,191 shares and sole dispositive power over 10,627,157 shares. The address of BlackRock, Inc. is 101 E. Pratt Street, Baltimore, MD 21201. All current executive officers and directors as a group (18 persons) 1,049,518 * Includes options to acquire 669,558 shares, 1,269 shares attributable to executive officers 401(k) accounts, 5,4928 shares attributable to executive officers accounts in the Company s deferred compensation program. (1) Except as otherwise indicated and subject to community property laws where applicable, each person or entity included in the table above has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by that person or entity. * Represents less than 1% of the outstanding Veralto common stock. 42 